Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .
several of the replies to mr. toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by [differentiating] between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .

Man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad .
man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of [differentiating] good from bad .

By distinguishing superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence , and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles , Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies , which moved in only a perfect way , viz. in a perfect circle .
by [differentiating] superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence , and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of empedocles , aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies , which moved in only a perfect way , viz. in a perfect circle .

You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face .
you had grown up at a time when the most [differentiating] mark of a lady was the noli me tangere writ plain across her face .

This results in a separate record being made , distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading .
this results in a separate record being made , [differentiating] these trades from the overall volume of trading .

It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription .
it is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by [differentiating] between description and prescription .

Auctioneers suggest for ease of identification cattle should have a distinguishing mark , or coloured jumbo eartag , which will relate to the official ear number on a small metal tag .
auctioneers suggest for ease of identification cattle should have a [differentiating] mark , or coloured jumbo eartag , which will relate to the official ear number on a small metal tag .

Blackadder and Wolf crossed in the second-half , when Scotland were at least able to ensnare some ball for Nicol , Dods and Townsend to release Stanger for a try , his second distinguishing act of the tie , having earlier pulled off a try-saving tackle .
blackadder and wolf crossed in the second-half , when scotland were at least able to ensnare some ball for nicol , dods and townsend to release stanger for a try , his second [differentiating] act of the tie , having earlier pulled off a try-saving tackle .

The door closed on them slowly ; they thinned into a long , faint strand of light and vanished , and everything was dark , dark for three days ; except that now there was no way of distinguishing night from day , and time , like hope and pleasure and companionship and all the human things it measured , had stopped .
the door closed on them slowly ; they thinned into a long , faint strand of light and vanished , and everything was dark , dark for three days ; except that now there was no way of [differentiating] night from day , and time , like hope and pleasure and companionship and all the human things it measured , had stopped .

There are no medical grounds for distinguishing between the over seventies and the under seventies in terms of heart surgery .
there are no medical grounds for [differentiating] between the over seventies and the under seventies in terms of heart surgery .

He says not everyone knows their serial number but some people do know distinguishing marks on their hi fi .
he says not everyone knows their serial number but some people do know [differentiating] marks on their hi fi .

Distinguishing between behaviour problems and learning difficulties is finally a matter of emphasis .
[differentiating] between behaviour problems and learning difficulties is finally a matter of emphasis .

The problem is overcome , at least partially , by using money as the unit of measurement — this greatly simplifies the adding up , but it gives rise to the problem of distinguishing between real and nominal values .
the problem is overcome , at least partially , by using money as the unit of measurement — this greatly simplifies the adding up , but it gives rise to the problem of [differentiating] between real and nominal values .

To maintain high gain down to zero frequency , the amplifier is directly coupled and to overcome the resulting problem of distinguishing between real and pseudo signals , due to , for example , bias or thermal variations , differential circuit techniques are adopted .
to maintain high gain down to zero frequency , the amplifier is directly coupled and to overcome the resulting problem of [differentiating] between real and pseudo signals , due to , for example , bias or thermal variations , differential circuit techniques are adopted .

On the other hand , it might he argued that when he moves from the concept of impersonal truth to the concept of a personal God , he is distinguishing , in traditional Advaitin fashion , between higher and lower levels of truth or reality .
on the other hand , it might he argued that when he moves from the concept of impersonal truth to the concept of a personal god , he is [differentiating] , in traditional advaitin fashion , between higher and lower levels of truth or reality .

Notwithstanding the possible ground for distinguishing between the two cases , therefore , there remains a fundamental doubt as to just how much policy innovation can reasonably be expected from the British judiciary especially in such a politically sensitive area as defence policy .
notwithstanding the possible ground for [differentiating] between the two cases , therefore , there remains a fundamental doubt as to just how much policy innovation can reasonably be expected from the british judiciary especially in such a politically sensitive area as defence policy .

If we take as the distinguishing feature of devolution , as compared with deconcentration , the fact that it involves the removal of direct control by any of the organs of central government over the administration of the devolved powers , then two quite distinct types of devolution require recognition .
if we take as the [differentiating] feature of devolution , as compared with deconcentration , the fact that it involves the removal of direct control by any of the organs of central government over the administration of the devolved powers , then two quite distinct types of devolution require recognition .

This archer wears a white smock over a grey uniform with distinguishing red ribbons and plume .
this archer wears a white smock over a grey uniform with [differentiating] red ribbons and plume .

This halberdier wears the blue and white uniform of the city with distinguishing features in red .
this halberdier wears the blue and white uniform of the city with [differentiating] features in red .

The problem , however , lies in distinguishing cause and effect .
the problem , however , lies in [differentiating] cause and effect .

The difficulty in distinguishing between hypotheses was not surprising since only 209 families with Crohn 's disease were available for analysis .
the difficulty in [differentiating] between hypotheses was not surprising since only 209 families with crohn 's disease were available for analysis .

Among its several distinguishing features the human mind has two that most clearly define its uniqueness .
among its several [differentiating] features the human mind has two that most clearly define its uniqueness .

This difficulty in distinguishing the cognitive style of the highly creative from that of the psychotic has also often been noted by others .
this difficulty in [differentiating] the cognitive style of the highly creative from that of the psychotic has also often been noted by others .

It does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .
it does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in [differentiating] between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .

Two rectangular buildings there had a pit sunk in one corner which might be taken as a distinguishing feature .
two rectangular buildings there had a pit sunk in one corner which might be taken as a [differentiating] feature .

Petrological studies of stone are constrained by the difficulties of distinguishing the actual source of the material from the basic choice of parent material and that which is glacially derived .
petrological studies of stone are constrained by the difficulties of [differentiating] the actual source of the material from the basic choice of parent material and that which is glacially derived .

What does seem likely , at least in part , is that a practice which began in the Sixties — distinguishing themselves from their left-leaning peers through a pose of premature reactionism — has since become an indistinguishable part of their character .
what does seem likely , at least in part , is that a practice which began in the sixties — [differentiating] themselves from their left-leaning peers through a pose of premature reactionism — has since become an indistinguishable part of their character .

Meaning works through a form of metonymy , distinguishing between elements in terms of significance and insignificance , and that is why it must always be partial in relation to any text it interprets .
meaning works through a form of metonymy , [differentiating] between elements in terms of significance and insignificance , and that is why it must always be partial in relation to any text it interprets .

And so we end up in the paradox of a system which invokes the criterion of historical consciousness as a means for distinguishing the ‘ primitive ’ from the , civilized ' but — contrary to its claim — is itself ahistorical .
and so we end up in the paradox of a system which invokes the criterion of historical consciousness as a means for [differentiating] the ‘ primitive ’ from the , civilized ' but — contrary to its claim — is itself ahistorical .

Bachelard and Cavaillès agree that the distinguishing characteristic of modern science is the degree to which it has become separated from common-sense knowledge so that consciousness and its concepts are now opposed :
bachelard and cavaillès agree that the [differentiating] characteristic of modern science is the degree to which it has become separated from common-sense knowledge so that consciousness and its concepts are now opposed :

This kind of mistreatment highlights how descriptive words and terms can be confusing if they are taken to mean anything more than a means of distinguishing form — and not size , for instance .
this kind of mistreatment highlights how descriptive words and terms can be confusing if they are taken to mean anything more than a means of [differentiating] form — and not size , for instance .

Distinguishing the problem area and making a diagnosis should not present much difficulty .
[differentiating] the problem area and making a diagnosis should not present much difficulty .

The criteria for distinguishing between the three are laid out in Table 4.1 .
the criteria for [differentiating] between the three are laid out in table 4.1 .

The states which made it up can be classified in several ways , but there is much to be said for distinguishing European states which had already existed in 1815 from those which had come into existence later .
the states which made it up can be classified in several ways , but there is much to be said for [differentiating] european states which had already existed in 1815 from those which had come into existence later .

Rather , we would need to be able to trace the development of our naive physical concepts , distinguishing their earlier , sensorimotor , forms from the later , linguistically-informed , semantic contents and inferential patterns .
rather , we would need to be able to trace the development of our naive physical concepts , [differentiating] their earlier , sensorimotor , forms from the later , linguistically-informed , semantic contents and inferential patterns .

But while he indicates that there are such criteria for distinguishing between dominant and subordinate instances , Althusser pays far more attention to the relation between the dominant instance and economic practice , which itself constitutes a second sort of criterion for identifying the dominant instance .
but while he indicates that there are such criteria for [differentiating] between dominant and subordinate instances , althusser pays far more attention to the relation between the dominant instance and economic practice , which itself constitutes a second sort of criterion for identifying the dominant instance .

Its distinguishing characteristics are first the view that a class is partly constituted by the perceptions of its members , and second the belief , held either tacitly or openly , that the passage of history is marked by the growth of class consciousness , until a point in the future when an enlightened proletariat will be able to grasp its real interests and make its own history .
its [differentiating] characteristics are first the view that a class is partly constituted by the perceptions of its members , and second the belief , held either tacitly or openly , that the passage of history is marked by the growth of class consciousness , until a point in the future when an enlightened proletariat will be able to grasp its real interests and make its own history .

The point of distinguishing them is to show that ‘ social classes , although objectively determined ( structures ) , are not ontological and nominalist entities , but only exist within and through the class struggle ( practices ) ’ .
the point of [differentiating] them is to show that ‘ social classes , although objectively determined ( structures ) , are not ontological and nominalist entities , but only exist within and through the class struggle ( practices ) ’ .

If they had not exercised precisely the sort of power which is the distinguishing mark of a class , Bonapartism would never have arisen .
if they had not exercised precisely the sort of power which is the [differentiating] mark of a class , bonapartism would never have arisen .

Distinguishing between the good and bad in foreign cultures needed to be carried out thoroughly and those vulnerable to temptation , particularly students in contact with foreigners and western ideas , had to be protected .
[differentiating] between the good and bad in foreign cultures needed to be carried out thoroughly and those vulnerable to temptation , particularly students in contact with foreigners and western ideas , had to be protected .

Under ideal conditions , ordinary speakers of a language are quite capable of demonstrating their grammatical competence by producing fully grammatical utterances and by distinguishing grammatical from ungrammatical utterances ( see Chapter 1 ) .
under ideal conditions , ordinary speakers of a language are quite capable of demonstrating their grammatical competence by producing fully grammatical utterances and by [differentiating] grammatical from ungrammatical utterances ( see chapter 1 ) .

Perhaps the most distinguishing features of psychological approaches to the study of human development are the assumption of underlying continuities between behaviours at different points in the lifespan , and the attempt to understand how interactions between the individual and the environment at one point in time make possible more elaborate interactions at some later point in time .
perhaps the most [differentiating] features of psychological approaches to the study of human development are the assumption of underlying continuities between behaviours at different points in the lifespan , and the attempt to understand how interactions between the individual and the environment at one point in time make possible more elaborate interactions at some later point in time .

This differentiation of competence and performance is necessary , since ordinary speech is frequently ungrammatical , while adults and children are well able to demonstrate knowledge of linguistic rules by distinguishing between grammatical , anomalous and ungrammatical word strings ( Chapter 7 ) .
this differentiation of competence and performance is necessary , since ordinary speech is frequently ungrammatical , while adults and children are well able to demonstrate knowledge of linguistic rules by [differentiating] between grammatical , anomalous and ungrammatical word strings ( chapter 7 ) .

If it can be accepted , as empiricists do , that the process of empirical verification involves a separate and distinct process of consciousness than that of generating the ideal categories in the first place , then there is a basis for distinguishing between ideology and another form of knowledge , ‘ science ’ .
if it can be accepted , as empiricists do , that the process of empirical verification involves a separate and distinct process of consciousness than that of generating the ideal categories in the first place , then there is a basis for [differentiating] between ideology and another form of knowledge , ‘ science ’ .

Age is no longer the benchmark criterion we use for distinguishing people .
age is no longer the benchmark criterion we use for [differentiating] people .

Distinguishing between personal identity , ‘ the perception of selfsameness and continuity of one 's existence in time and space and the perception of the fact that others recognise one 's sameness and continuity , and ego identity , he defines the latter as ,
[differentiating] between personal identity , ‘ the perception of selfsameness and continuity of one 's existence in time and space and the perception of the fact that others recognise one 's sameness and continuity , and ego identity , he defines the latter as ,

In future , balance sheets will analyse liquid assets into cash in hand and balances with the Bank of England ; Treasury bills and other eligible bills ( distinguishing between the two ) ; loans and advances to credit institutions ; debt securities ( issued by public bodies and by others ) ; and other liquid assets .
in future , balance sheets will analyse liquid assets into cash in hand and balances with the bank of england ; treasury bills and other eligible bills ( [differentiating] between the two ) ; loans and advances to credit institutions ; debt securities ( issued by public bodies and by others ) ; and other liquid assets .

My findings emphasize the importance of distinguishing among different types of offences , and point to the futility of seeking to interpret all crime within a single framework .
my findings emphasize the importance of [differentiating] among different types of offences , and point to the futility of seeking to interpret all crime within a single framework .

Their main distinguishing feature was the solid pressed steel side frame , with a flange round the edge .
their main [differentiating] feature was the solid pressed steel side frame , with a flange round the edge .

In most respects this species looks very similar to the preceding species , the main distinguishing characteristic being the reddish colour of the leaves and stems .
in most respects this species looks very similar to the preceding species , the main [differentiating] characteristic being the reddish colour of the leaves and stems .

Characters of the Homininae linking the African apes and humans . The characters distinguishing this node are both morphological ( described in more detail in Box 3 ) and molecular , for example :
characters of the homininae linking the african apes and humans . the characters [differentiating] this node are both morphological ( described in more detail in box 3 ) and molecular , for example :

Sometimes , however , there is a problem in distinguishing ‘ learning ’ theories because they can easily become all-embracing .
sometimes , however , there is a problem in [differentiating] ‘ learning ’ theories because they can easily become all-embracing .

Distinguishing invention presents much more of a problem .
[differentiating] invention presents much more of a problem .

If we call the popular press a mass medium , as we might when distinguishing the Sun from The Times , we refer to circulation numbers ( the ‘ receivers ’ ) .
if we call the popular press a mass medium , as we might when [differentiating] the sun from the times , we refer to circulation numbers ( the ‘ receivers ’ ) .

It is suggested that a useful starting point might be to classify the nine major points of difference which are outlined as distinguishing the two value positions .
it is suggested that a useful starting point might be to classify the nine major points of difference which are outlined as [differentiating] the two value positions .

The Wolfenden Committee , in distinguishing between public and private behaviour , also drew a distinction between ‘ crime ’ and ‘ sin ’ , and concluded that ‘ as a general proposition it will be universally accepted that the law is not concerned with private morals or ethical sanctions ’ , and further , ‘ it is not the duty of the law to concern itself with immorality as such … it should confine itself to those activities which offend against public order and decency and expose the ordinary citizen to what is offensive or injurious ’ .
the wolfenden committee , in [differentiating] between public and private behaviour , also drew a distinction between ‘ crime ’ and ‘ sin ’ , and concluded that ‘ as a general proposition it will be universally accepted that the law is not concerned with private morals or ethical sanctions ’ , and further , ‘ it is not the duty of the law to concern itself with immorality as such … it should confine itself to those activities which offend against public order and decency and expose the ordinary citizen to what is offensive or injurious ’ .

Many of the limitations appear not as abrupt cut-off points , distinguishing what we can do from what we ca n't , but as limitations of rate .
many of the limitations appear not as abrupt cut-off points , [differentiating] what we can do from what we ca n't , but as limitations of rate .

Perhaps Locke did not recognise the difference because he used the same word , ‘ idea ’ , both for what we would ordinarily call an idea and for what is imprinted in , or on , the mind , the ‘ sensation ’ . Baruch Spinoza called Locke 's ‘ sensation ’ an image , and warned about not distinguishing between an idea , as something affirmed or denied , and an image :
perhaps locke did not recognise the difference because he used the same word , ‘ idea ’ , both for what we would ordinarily call an idea and for what is imprinted in , or on , the mind , the ‘ sensation ’ . baruch spinoza called locke 's ‘ sensation ’ an image , and warned about not [differentiating] between an idea , as something affirmed or denied , and an image :

At the beginning of the section Reid considers the artist 's need to acquire ‘ the habit of distinguishing the appearance of objects to the eye , from the judgment which we form by sight , of their colour , distance , magnitude , and figure .
at the beginning of the section reid considers the artist 's need to acquire ‘ the habit of [differentiating] the appearance of objects to the eye , from the judgment which we form by sight , of their colour , distance , magnitude , and figure .

We are right in distinguishing between a sentence and its sense .
we are right in [differentiating] between a sentence and its sense .

That there are auxiliary impressions , Lotze points out , ‘ merely explains the possibility of distinguishing impressions made at different places ; but each impression must also be referred to the definite place at which it acts .
that there are auxiliary impressions , lotze points out , ‘ merely explains the possibility of [differentiating] impressions made at different places ; but each impression must also be referred to the definite place at which it acts .

This whole discussion of the meaning of ‘ here ’ might be summed up by saying that in so far as ‘ Here ’ , in reply to ‘ Where are you ? ‘ , has a meaning , as distinct from a use , its meaningfulness is parasitic on the meaningfulness of ‘ Here ’ in reply to ‘ Where is it ? ’ , the meaningfulness of this being conditional on the possibility of distinguishing places .
this whole discussion of the meaning of ‘ here ’ might be summed up by saying that in so far as ‘ here ’ , in reply to ‘ where are you ? ‘ , has a meaning , as distinct from a use , its meaningfulness is parasitic on the meaningfulness of ‘ here ’ in reply to ‘ where is it ? ’ , the meaningfulness of this being conditional on the possibility of [differentiating] places .

The Cartesian answer would be that they all stand for various kinds of mental activity , a distinguishing mark of the mental being that it is not extended in space like the other substance of Descartes 's dualism , matter .
the cartesian answer would be that they all stand for various kinds of mental activity , a [differentiating] mark of the mental being that it is not extended in space like the other substance of descartes 's dualism , matter .

We need some further distinguishing characteristic .
we need some further [differentiating] characteristic .

So far , we have mentioned two possible answers , those of Descartes and Brentano : Descartes 's , in terms of mental activity , a distinguishing mark of the mental being that it is not extended in space ; Brentano 's , in terms of a concept that needs further elucidation , the concept of intentionality .
so far , we have mentioned two possible answers , those of descartes and brentano : descartes 's , in terms of mental activity , a [differentiating] mark of the mental being that it is not extended in space ; brentano 's , in terms of a concept that needs further elucidation , the concept of intentionality .

Such differences are not a distinguishing truth of British life , merely a truth .
such differences are not a [differentiating] truth of british life , merely a truth .

After distinguishing different types of household in terms of their composition and structure , variation in income with age within each household type is not great .
after [differentiating] different types of household in terms of their composition and structure , variation in income with age within each household type is not great .

Distinguishing between ‘ underlying ’ and ‘ derivative ’ works of art is common in other areas , says Mr Kaufman , who draws a comparison with a book , which is covered under the author 's copyright , while the film made from that book is covered under a separate copyright , because the film has been derived from an existing work of art .
[differentiating] between ‘ underlying ’ and ‘ derivative ’ works of art is common in other areas , says mr kaufman , who draws a comparison with a book , which is covered under the author 's copyright , while the film made from that book is covered under a separate copyright , because the film has been derived from an existing work of art .

But the truth is more complex ; it is difficult to find a hard and fast line absolutely distinguishing quietists from other Quakers .
but the truth is more complex ; it is difficult to find a hard and fast line absolutely [differentiating] quietists from other quakers .

The pamphlet began its argument for the dependence of harmony and order on the recognition of man 's true nature by distinguishing man from other animals .
the pamphlet began its argument for the dependence of harmony and order on the recognition of man 's true nature by [differentiating] man from other animals .

Lines distinguishing different groups and generations could not be completely erased by the building of a sense of common commitment and endeavour .
lines [differentiating] different groups and generations could not be completely erased by the building of a sense of common commitment and endeavour .

Distinguishing features are the overall blue colour in curviceps , and the longer lateral band , reaching the caudal peduncle .
[differentiating] features are the overall blue colour in curviceps , and the longer lateral band , reaching the caudal peduncle .

Those slaves distinguishing themselves through their sporting efforts in the ring were able to win their freedom and , in some cases , elevate themselves to social prominence .
those slaves [differentiating] themselves through their sporting efforts in the ring were able to win their freedom and , in some cases , elevate themselves to social prominence .

In comparison with the countries so far considered some rather different distinguishing characteristics typify the trade union movement in Australia .
in comparison with the countries so far considered some rather different [differentiating] characteristics typify the trade union movement in australia .

With this system , the historical record of a firm 's credit transactions is analysed to show the relative importance — to distinguishing between good and bad payers — of various factors which might be included in a credit proposal form .
with this system , the historical record of a firm 's credit transactions is analysed to show the relative importance — to [differentiating] between good and bad payers — of various factors which might be included in a credit proposal form .

Although the Australians thought this was purely a morale-boosting ploy , in thick cover over difficult terrain or at night , the commandos would use a similar tactic with good reason — as no doubt the Japanese did — in distinguishing friend from foe .
although the australians thought this was purely a morale-boosting ploy , in thick cover over difficult terrain or at night , the commandos would use a similar tactic with good reason — as no doubt the japanese did — in [differentiating] friend from foe .

His distinguishing mark was an inept smear of glue left on enclosures .
his [differentiating] mark was an inept smear of glue left on enclosures .

This is crucial in distinguishing labourism , for while the thrust of labour socialism was toward integration of the working class as a means of overcoming genuine grievances , labourism accepted instinctively a separate working-class identity ( ibid .
this is crucial in [differentiating] labourism , for while the thrust of labour socialism was toward integration of the working class as a means of overcoming genuine grievances , labourism accepted instinctively a separate working-class identity ( ibid .

in text ’ , sufficiently distinguishing between the two types .
in text ’ , sufficiently [differentiating] between the two types .

Elite collaboration is the rule in liberal corporatism , distinguishing it from the elite competition of democratic elitism or the single dominant elite of totalitarian regimes ( see Figure 4.1 ) .
elite collaboration is the rule in liberal corporatism , [differentiating] it from the elite competition of democratic elitism or the single dominant elite of totalitarian regimes ( see figure 4.1 ) .

Of all the multiplicity of middle-class organizations which arose as a response to the dislocation of war and the perceived threat of socialism in Great Britain , the distinguishing feature of the Britons Society was its crude and obsessional anti-semitism .
of all the multiplicity of middle-class organizations which arose as a response to the dislocation of war and the perceived threat of socialism in great britain , the [differentiating] feature of the britons society was its crude and obsessional anti-semitism .

The second and most important divining technique involves an oracular substance ( benge ) which is credited by the Zande with possessing the power of distinguishing between contrary propositions and thus solving human dilemmas .
the second and most important divining technique involves an oracular substance ( benge ) which is credited by the zande with possessing the power of [differentiating] between contrary propositions and thus solving human dilemmas .

and without distinguishing the special nature of each .
and without [differentiating] the special nature of each .

Examples might be the distinguishing features of God or of so-called noumenal selves .
examples might be the [differentiating] features of god or of so-called noumenal selves .

Actual attitude theorists have on the whole taken rather lightly the task of distinguishing the particular kinds of attitudes expressed by those value statements which are distinctively ethical .
actual attitude theorists have on the whole taken rather lightly the task of [differentiating] the particular kinds of attitudes expressed by those value statements which are distinctively ethical .

In our brief consideration of Kant 's moral philosophy , it may be helpful to begin by distinguishing three different sorts of questions — of which the following are chief examples .
in our brief consideration of kant 's moral philosophy , it may be helpful to begin by [differentiating] three different sorts of questions — of which the following are chief examples .

Such questions are worth distinguishing , however , because there are moral philosophers today who think that Kant effectively answered the third correctly , but that he offers no sufficient answer to the second .
such questions are worth [differentiating] , however , because there are moral philosophers today who think that kant effectively answered the third correctly , but that he offers no sufficient answer to the second .

Ribeiro 's argument points to the significance of distinguishing the universal approbation accorded to community care policies from political initiatives for their implementation .
ribeiro 's argument points to the significance of [differentiating] the universal approbation accorded to community care policies from political initiatives for their implementation .

Although there have been many useful publications in the field of special educational needs during the last decade , the distinguishing feature of the present series of volumes lies in their concern with specific areas of the curriculum in primary and secondary schools .
although there have been many useful publications in the field of special educational needs during the last decade , the [differentiating] feature of the present series of volumes lies in their concern with specific areas of the curriculum in primary and secondary schools .

One major distinguishing feature between all conscious beings is the eyes .
one major [differentiating] feature between all conscious beings is the eyes .

Unfortunately , however , the differences in appearance and behaviour between male and female goats are so subtle that some hunters are incapable of distinguishing between them .
unfortunately , however , the differences in appearance and behaviour between male and female goats are so subtle that some hunters are incapable of [differentiating] between them .

There is a further problem of distinguishing fair competition ( lower prices , better quality ) from anticompetitive behaviour , such as predatory pricing , which is the third means by which firms may come to dominate a market ( Ordover and Saloner , 1989 ) .
there is a further problem of [differentiating] fair competition ( lower prices , better quality ) from anticompetitive behaviour , such as predatory pricing , which is the third means by which firms may come to dominate a market ( ordover and saloner , 1989 ) .

One reason for this reluctance to take action against the process of monopolization is the difficulty of distinguishing acceptable and unacceptable behaviour .
one reason for this reluctance to take action against the process of monopolization is the difficulty of [differentiating] acceptable and unacceptable behaviour .

Kerswill 's interest is in distinguishing different types of variable rather than in developing methods of quantification which give different kinds of insight into sociolinguistic patterns .
kerswill 's interest is in [differentiating] different types of variable rather than in developing methods of quantification which give different kinds of insight into sociolinguistic patterns .

Theseus is no doubt right ( the double axe is his distinguishing weapon ) , but the other must be Peirithous .
theseus is no doubt right ( the double axe is his [differentiating] weapon ) , but the other must be peirithous .

Consider , for example , the bold attempt by Lukacs ( 1969 ) to define the specificity of art by distinguishing three phases of human practice : the ‘ practical ’ , the ‘ magico-religious ’ , the ‘ aesthetic ’ .
consider , for example , the bold attempt by lukacs ( 1969 ) to define the specificity of art by [differentiating] three phases of human practice : the ‘ practical ’ , the ‘ magico-religious ’ , the ‘ aesthetic ’ .

These unusual circumstances , and cases of corrupt diversion of corporate assets aside , however , it will in general be very difficult to demonstrate that the directors did not believe that what they were doing would maximise profits , because of the often insuperable problem of distinguishing between means and ends that this entails .
these unusual circumstances , and cases of corrupt diversion of corporate assets aside , however , it will in general be very difficult to demonstrate that the directors did not believe that what they were doing would maximise profits , because of the often insuperable problem of [differentiating] between means and ends that this entails .

Secondly , a distinguishing characteristic of negligence liability ( and indeed of the legal approach in general ) is that it attaches to single episodes of management failure .
secondly , a [differentiating] characteristic of negligence liability ( and indeed of the legal approach in general ) is that it attaches to single episodes of management failure .

This is not persuasive where directors do not pay their own premiums , however , and in any case the difficulties faced by insurers in distinguishing high risk from low risk directors ( i.e .
this is not persuasive where directors do not pay their own premiums , however , and in any case the difficulties faced by insurers in [differentiating] high risk from low risk directors ( i.e .

Dicey 's insistence on distinguishing legal from political sovereignty entails an equivalent separation of law and convention .
dicey 's insistence on [differentiating] legal from political sovereignty entails an equivalent separation of law and convention .

Otherwise , the fieldwork strategy in large-scale quantitative studies must be broadly the same as that of Labov : we need to go as far as possible in obtaining casual styles from informants and to develop ways of distinguishing styles on a continuum from ‘ careful ’ to ‘ casual ’ style .
otherwise , the fieldwork strategy in large-scale quantitative studies must be broadly the same as that of labov : we need to go as far as possible in obtaining casual styles from informants and to develop ways of [differentiating] styles on a continuum from ‘ careful ’ to ‘ casual ’ style .

The essay was quite clear in condemning the prejudices of religions , whilst distinguishing these from other prejudices .
the essay was quite clear in condemning the prejudices of religions , whilst [differentiating] these from other prejudices .

In distinguishing between these two , Gombrich uses the picture frame as an example of design .
in [differentiating] between these two , gombrich uses the picture frame as an example of design .

To recap , the reason for distinguishing between service industries and service occupations was to show employment change within service industries separate from employment change within the service occupations , which are present in all sectors of the economy .
to recap , the reason for [differentiating] between service industries and service occupations was to show employment change within service industries separate from employment change within the service occupations , which are present in all sectors of the economy .

central government 's own expenditure ( distinguishing between voted and other expenditure ) ;
central government 's own expenditure ( [differentiating] between voted and other expenditure ) ;

financing requirements of public corporations ( distinguishing between voted and other items ) .
financing requirements of public corporations ( [differentiating] between voted and other items ) .

Our entrepreneurial drive has long been our distinguishing trait .
our entrepreneurial drive has long been our [differentiating] trait .

However , while every effort will be made to found arguments on intuitively clear cases of semantic deviance , it is only prudent to have some notion of what is involved in distinguishing this from syntactic deviance .
however , while every effort will be made to found arguments on intuitively clear cases of semantic deviance , it is only prudent to have some notion of what is involved in [differentiating] this from syntactic deviance .

It is of course true that one of the main purposes of distinguishing discrete senses is to have available a unit which can stand in relations such as synonymy and oppositeness .
it is of course true that one of the main purposes of [differentiating] discrete senses is to have available a unit which can stand in relations such as synonymy and oppositeness .

Fortunately there are more successful and reliable ways of distinguishing ambiguity from generality , and to these we now turn .
fortunately there are more successful and reliable ways of [differentiating] ambiguity from generality , and to these we now turn .

However , there does not seem to exist an accepted notion of ‘ grammatically different element ’ which is sufficiently well-defined to carry the whole burden of distinguishing lexical units .
however , there does not seem to exist an accepted notion of ‘ grammatically different element ’ which is sufficiently well-defined to carry the whole burden of [differentiating] lexical units .

Another distinguishing feature of casual working , and one likely to influence courts in their conclusion that it is a form of self-employment , is the exclusion of the worker from access to fringe benefits .
another [differentiating] feature of casual working , and one likely to influence courts in their conclusion that it is a form of self-employment , is the exclusion of the worker from access to fringe benefits .

Particularly in the manufacturing sector we have found organisations searching for the most satisfactory form of distinguishing temporary from regular staff .
particularly in the manufacturing sector we have found organisations searching for the most satisfactory form of [differentiating] temporary from regular staff .

In those days the Customs officers were still sufficiently unfamiliar with tourists and their toys to have difficulty distinguishing between amateur and professional equipment .
in those days the customs officers were still sufficiently unfamiliar with tourists and their toys to have difficulty [differentiating] between amateur and professional equipment .

They share this deficiency with squirrels , dogs and many other mammals , which naturally have only two pigments and have difficulty distinguishing between reds and greens .
they share this deficiency with squirrels , dogs and many other mammals , which naturally have only two pigments and have difficulty [differentiating] between reds and greens .

Similarly , we can identify sounds with our eyes closed , even distinguishing between those which are very alike .
similarly , we can identify sounds with our eyes closed , even [differentiating] between those which are very alike .

He also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 ( effective from 1 October 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby distinguishing theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .
he also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the criminal justice act 1991 ( effective from 1 october 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby [differentiating] theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .

Disclose the total amount of pension payments distinguishing between pensions for services as director and other pensions .
disclose the total amount of pension payments [differentiating] between pensions for services as director and other pensions .

Disclose the charge for taxation , distinguishing between the following :
disclose the charge for taxation , [differentiating] between the following :

For each subsidiary undertaking give proportion of nominal value and description of shares of each class held , distinguishing between shareholdings by the parent company and by the group if different .
for each subsidiary undertaking give proportion of nominal value and description of shares of each class held , [differentiating] between shareholdings by the parent company and by the group if different .

For each associated undertaking give proportion of nominal value and description of shares of each class held , distinguishing between shareholdings by the parent company and by the group if different .
for each associated undertaking give proportion of nominal value and description of shares of each class held , [differentiating] between shareholdings by the parent company and by the group if different .

Disclose the total amount of pension payments distinguishing between pensions for services as director and other pensions .
disclose the total amount of pension payments [differentiating] between pensions for services as director and other pensions .

Disclose the charge for taxation , distinguishing between the following :
disclose the charge for taxation , [differentiating] between the following :

If the conclusion of Hécaen and his colleagues ( Hécaen and Sauguet , 1971 ; Hécaen , De Agostini and Monzon-Montes , 1981 ) that familial left handers have bilateral speech , is accepted there is still the problem of distinguishing between those sinistrals with speech on the left side and those with speech on the right .
if the conclusion of hécaen and his colleagues ( hécaen and sauguet , 1971 ; hécaen , de agostini and monzon-montes , 1981 ) that familial left handers have bilateral speech , is accepted there is still the problem of [differentiating] between those sinistrals with speech on the left side and those with speech on the right .

Assuming that all the materials you have are equally suitable for your students , the main distinguishing feature of the video materials is likely to be that they provide the most realistic examples of the language in use .
assuming that all the materials you have are equally suitable for your students , the main [differentiating] feature of the video materials is likely to be that they provide the most realistic examples of the language in use .

Two problems arise at this stage of your strategy : distinguishing between main ideas and related , but subordinate , ideas and details ; and knowing which of this secondary information to include in your notes .
two problems arise at this stage of your strategy : [differentiating] between main ideas and related , but subordinate , ideas and details ; and knowing which of this secondary information to include in your notes .

Breeding in captivity is eminently possible , although distinguishing features between the sexes are limited .
breeding in captivity is eminently possible , although [differentiating] features between the sexes are limited .

Although Dicken 's Barnaby Rudge was a historical novel , set several decades before the period in which it was written , few modern readers are capable of distinguishing it from the author 's non-period writings .
although dicken 's barnaby rudge was a historical novel , set several decades before the period in which it was written , few modern readers are capable of [differentiating] it from the author 's non-period writings .

Weber also saw ownership of wealth as an important criterion for distinguishing classes .
weber also saw ownership of wealth as an important criterion for [differentiating] classes .

Firstly , the distinction between manual and non-manual work is not seen by some as an adequate way of distinguishing between classes .
firstly , the distinction between manual and non-manual work is not seen by some as an adequate way of [differentiating] between classes .

Weberian and neo-Weberian sociologists generally reject the approach to defining and distinguishing classes adopted by the Ehrenreichs .
weberian and neo-weberian sociologists generally reject the approach to defining and [differentiating] classes adopted by the ehrenreichs .

Lakatos presented his methodology as a response to the problem of distinguishing rationality from irrationality , of stemming intellectual pollution and of throwing light on questions ‘ of vital social and political relevance ’ such as the status of Marxism or contemporary research in genetics .
lakatos presented his methodology as a response to the problem of [differentiating] rationality from irrationality , of stemming intellectual pollution and of throwing light on questions ‘ of vital social and political relevance ’ such as the status of marxism or contemporary research in genetics .

The statistics provided by the contemporary factory inspectorate distinguishing between ‘ political ’ and ‘ economic ’ strikes show a growing preponderance of those with political motivation .
the statistics provided by the contemporary factory inspectorate [differentiating] between ‘ political ’ and ‘ economic ’ strikes show a growing preponderance of those with political motivation .

The tsarist political system was the critical factor distinguishing the experience of the Russian working class from that of its western counterparts .
the tsarist political system was the critical factor [differentiating] the experience of the russian working class from that of its western counterparts .

This obviously makes for difficulties in distinguishing policy making and implementation , and for identifying implementation issues and problems .
this obviously makes for difficulties in [differentiating] policy making and implementation , and for identifying implementation issues and problems .

Consequently the onus of distinguishing between the ‘ deserving ’ and the ‘ undeserving ’ poor tended to fall upon the officer dealing with the applicant in the fields just as it had fallen upon the relieving officer in the past .
consequently the onus of [differentiating] between the ‘ deserving ’ and the ‘ undeserving ’ poor tended to fall upon the officer dealing with the applicant in the fields just as it had fallen upon the relieving officer in the past .

Distinguishing between the hypertrophied heart of the athlete and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can be difficult , and the athletic population is a proposed target for screening .
[differentiating] between the hypertrophied heart of the athlete and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can be difficult , and the athletic population is a proposed target for screening .

They have been given guidance on the importance of distinguishing between needs , preferences , and wants .
they have been given guidance on the importance of [differentiating] between needs , preferences , and wants .

Their marketing , and the use of brand names similar to those of the licensed products , seems to rely on the understandable difficulty that consumers will have in distinguishing genuine products from false .
their marketing , and the use of brand names similar to those of the licensed products , seems to rely on the understandable difficulty that consumers will have in [differentiating] genuine products from false .

But given the fact that names in such cases do behave as rigid designators , the question is , does the referential rigidity provide a sufficient criterion for distinguishing names from descriptions , and the answer to this clearly must be that it does not .
but given the fact that names in such cases do behave as rigid designators , the question is , does the referential rigidity provide a sufficient criterion for [differentiating] names from descriptions , and the answer to this clearly must be that it does not .

Most incontinent women have either genuine stress incontinence or detrusor instability , or both , yet distinguishing between these two on the basis of symptoms is impossible in a quarter of patients .
most incontinent women have either genuine stress incontinence or detrusor instability , or both , yet [differentiating] between these two on the basis of symptoms is impossible in a quarter of patients .

Signs of butchering , indicating that the animals were used for food , evidence of diseases , and other distinguishing features are also noted and quantified .
signs of butchering , indicating that the animals were used for food , evidence of diseases , and other [differentiating] features are also noted and quantified .

As has been shown , during the excavation itself , every decision by an excavator in distinguishing one layer or context from another is a form of interpretation .
as has been shown , during the excavation itself , every decision by an excavator in [differentiating] one layer or context from another is a form of interpretation .

Here hierarchy is attempted by distinguishing between ‘ simple ’ , ‘ complex ’ and ‘ precise ’ instructions , and by the addition at Levels 2 and 3 of the giving of instructions .
here hierarchy is attempted by [differentiating] between ‘ simple ’ , ‘ complex ’ and ‘ precise ’ instructions , and by the addition at levels 2 and 3 of the giving of instructions .

… it is a matter of distinguishing between those concepts which define the mode of production and which allow us to establish the nature of the classes and their relationships in the abstract from those concepts which allow a concrete analysis of these classes .
… it is a matter of [differentiating] between those concepts which define the mode of production and which allow us to establish the nature of the classes and their relationships in the abstract from those concepts which allow a concrete analysis of these classes .

This involves distinguishing the respective spheres of the economy/production , the state and civil society .
this involves [differentiating] the respective spheres of the economy/production , the state and civil society .

Massey and Catalano ( 1978 ) suggest a typology of forms of landownership distinguishing between what they call ‘ former landed property ’ ( a rather odd term because one of the major contributions of their work is the extent to which they demonstrate the continued importance of this element ) , ‘ industrial ’ landownership and ‘ financial ’ landownership .
massey and catalano ( 1978 ) suggest a typology of forms of landownership [differentiating] between what they call ‘ former landed property ’ ( a rather odd term because one of the major contributions of their work is the extent to which they demonstrate the continued importance of this element ) , ‘ industrial ’ landownership and ‘ financial ’ landownership .

No attempt has been made to establish criteria for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .
no attempt has been made to establish criteria for [differentiating] those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .

Courts also avoid the slavish copying of earlier decisions by the technique of distinguishing cases .
courts also avoid the slavish copying of earlier decisions by the technique of [differentiating] cases .

But , quite apart from the general difficulty of distinguishing between a defect in the method and a defect in the manner in which the method has been applied , it seems improbable that there are any perfectly reliable methods of acquiring beliefs .
but , quite apart from the general difficulty of [differentiating] between a defect in the method and a defect in the manner in which the method has been applied , it seems improbable that there are any perfectly reliable methods of acquiring beliefs .

The term conversation is widely used , in a non-technical sense , and people seem capable of distinguishing it from other kinds of talk .
the term conversation is widely used , in a non-technical sense , and people seem capable of [differentiating] it from other kinds of talk .

It might also provide a means of distinguishing fragments of discourse which are felt to be good , coherent , examples of English from those that are , intuitively , incoherent concatenations of sentences .
it might also provide a means of [differentiating] fragments of discourse which are felt to be good , coherent , examples of english from those that are , intuitively , incoherent concatenations of sentences .

The notion of ‘ topic ’ , though undefined , seems to provide Rochester & Martin with a natural criterion for distinguishing between the connected , yet incoherent , discourse of thought-disordered speakers and the coherent discourse of normal speakers .
the notion of ‘ topic ’ , though undefined , seems to provide rochester & martin with a natural criterion for [differentiating] between the connected , yet incoherent , discourse of thought-disordered speakers and the coherent discourse of normal speakers .

The cheetah , forced to make its run when it is still some distance from the herd , may now spend crucial moments distinguishing its chosen target from among the confusing mass of racing bodies ahead of it .
the cheetah , forced to make its run when it is still some distance from the herd , may now spend crucial moments [differentiating] its chosen target from among the confusing mass of racing bodies ahead of it .

Looking for distinguishing marks — the upturned bill of the bar-tailed god wit , the chocolate brown head and white cheek with its black spot of the tree sparrow , the double white wing bar of the chaff inch , the square patch of white above the bullfinch 's tail , the grey head and bandit mask of the jackdaw , the bold eyestripe of the sedge warbler .
looking for [differentiating] marks — the upturned bill of the bar-tailed god wit , the chocolate brown head and white cheek with its black spot of the tree sparrow , the double white wing bar of the chaff inch , the square patch of white above the bullfinch 's tail , the grey head and bandit mask of the jackdaw , the bold eyestripe of the sedge warbler .

One other major distinguishing characteristic of publishing lies in the monopoly feature that copyright imparts , which in turn invites high levels of corporate activity .
one other major [differentiating] characteristic of publishing lies in the monopoly feature that copyright imparts , which in turn invites high levels of corporate activity .

It was Thomas who had on their many rambles first made her see the city in all its architectural wonder , distinguishing between façades , pointing out detail .
it was thomas who had on their many rambles first made her see the city in all its architectural wonder , [differentiating] between façades , pointing out detail .

Its distinguishing feature is that it uses only a very few basic operators — typically just one , called modus ponens , or some equivalent — which are very well understood and reliable .
its [differentiating] feature is that it uses only a very few basic operators — typically just one , called modus ponens , or some equivalent — which are very well understood and reliable .

The only distinguishing feature of two different attributes is that they are in different positions , or something like that , which has no bearing on their possible values .
the only [differentiating] feature of two different attributes is that they are in different positions , or something like that , which has no bearing on their possible values .

Distinguishing between different classes :
[differentiating] between different classes :

With this aid to identification , the prairie dogs were much better at distinguishing between the four biologists .
with this aid to identification , the prairie dogs were much better at [differentiating] between the four biologists .

The sheer facts of experience , however , drive the Christians to acknowledge the deity of Yahweh , Jesus , and the Spirit , whilst distinguishing between them .
the sheer facts of experience , however , drive the christians to acknowledge the deity of yahweh , jesus , and the spirit , whilst [differentiating] between them .

However , they invariably began their work by defining interest groups and distinguishing them from political parties .
however , they invariably began their work by defining interest groups and [differentiating] them from political parties .

These sets of buyers should possess distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be selected .
these sets of buyers should possess [differentiating] characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be selected .

The preference for defining competitive strength as current strength also arises out of the recognition that , if attainable status is used , there will be no clear separation on the matrix of established stars from potential stars , and this seems critical for distinguishing between two types of investment : major investment for the future and sufficient investment to maintain a market position .
the preference for defining competitive strength as current strength also arises out of the recognition that , if attainable status is used , there will be no clear separation on the matrix of established stars from potential stars , and this seems critical for [differentiating] between two types of investment : major investment for the future and sufficient investment to maintain a market position .

Distinguishing between cost reduction and cost measurement
[differentiating] between cost reduction and cost measurement

Distinguishing between price recovery and productivity
[differentiating] between price recovery and productivity

Brunnson therefore does an excellent job of distinguishing between the formulation and implementation of ideologies , helping us to begin to see how corporate rational analysis and the organizational perspectives may fit together , but his thesis does not sufficiently recognize the degree to which both rationality and negotiation may still underlie the establishment of his ideologies .
brunnson therefore does an excellent job of [differentiating] between the formulation and implementation of ideologies , helping us to begin to see how corporate rational analysis and the organizational perspectives may fit together , but his thesis does not sufficiently recognize the degree to which both rationality and negotiation may still underlie the establishment of his ideologies .

The third characteristic envisaged for the polytechnics , namely that they should have an ‘ applied philosophy ’ , means that their courses should have a vocational orientation and be designed with specific career outlets in mind , thus distinguishing them from many university courses which are sometimes described as ‘ pure ’ .
the third characteristic envisaged for the polytechnics , namely that they should have an ‘ applied philosophy ’ , means that their courses should have a vocational orientation and be designed with specific career outlets in mind , thus [differentiating] them from many university courses which are sometimes described as ‘ pure ’ .

On every return she has to find her burrow , distinguishing it from its surroundings .
on every return she has to find her burrow , [differentiating] it from its surroundings .

‘ This whole analysis will derive from one simple proposition , namely that the distinguishing characteristic of adjudication lies in the fact that it confers on the affected party a peculiar form of participation in the decision , that of presenting proofs and reasoned arguments for a decision in his favour .
‘ this whole analysis will derive from one simple proposition , namely that the [differentiating] characteristic of adjudication lies in the fact that it confers on the affected party a peculiar form of participation in the decision , that of presenting proofs and reasoned arguments for a decision in his favour .

The difficulty of distinguishing between the kind of case which a tribunal has to determine and the statutory description of the situation which the tribunal must decide is the root cause of the problem .
the difficulty of [differentiating] between the kind of case which a tribunal has to determine and the statutory description of the situation which the tribunal must decide is the root cause of the problem .

The question would be posed more specifically , distinguishing between the types of physical characteristics that were felt to be relevant to teaching and those , such as hair colour , which were not .
the question would be posed more specifically , [differentiating] between the types of physical characteristics that were felt to be relevant to teaching and those , such as hair colour , which were not .

Categories of behaviour are a key element in distinguishing roles in groups .
categories of behaviour are a key element in [differentiating] roles in groups .

One way of distinguishing between them is to define needs as basic physical and psychological drives arising from being human ( eg need for food , clothing , self-esteem etc ) , and to define wants as specific desires directed towards fulfilling the basic needs .
one way of [differentiating] between them is to define needs as basic physical and psychological drives arising from being human ( eg need for food , clothing , self-esteem etc ) , and to define wants as specific desires directed towards fulfilling the basic needs .

The most common method of distinguishing between production systems or types of production is to separate them into the three categories of jobbing , batch and mass production .
the most common method of [differentiating] between production systems or types of production is to separate them into the three categories of jobbing , batch and mass production .

Nobody had been interested in distinguishing them .
nobody had been interested in [differentiating] them .

Distinguishing between a multiplicity of variables in accounting for policy variations is , of course , a hazardous exercise , but despite the methodological difficulties it seems clear that a simple agency model , with local authorities implementing national policies with little or no discretion , is far from accurate .
[differentiating] between a multiplicity of variables in accounting for policy variations is , of course , a hazardous exercise , but despite the methodological difficulties it seems clear that a simple agency model , with local authorities implementing national policies with little or no discretion , is far from accurate .

He also seems to go further than this and sets the pattern for future elite theorists in distinguishing between maximum utility for a community and maximum utility of a community .
he also seems to go further than this and sets the pattern for future elite theorists in [differentiating] between maximum utility for a community and maximum utility of a community .

Interpreting the electrical traces and distinguishing signals from noise is another problem .
interpreting the electrical traces and [differentiating] signals from noise is another problem .

’ To this gloss on the idea that even a thief should have to screw his courage to the sticking-place , Johnson adds the argument that if all else he had written were lost , Shakespeare should have become immortal for the way in which he shows Macbeth ‘ distinguishing true from false fortitude in a line and a half ’ : In Johnson 's footsteps , these roads across Scotland 's shoulder become Shakespeare country .
’ to this gloss on the idea that even a thief should have to screw his courage to the sticking-place , johnson adds the argument that if all else he had written were lost , shakespeare should have become immortal for the way in which he shows macbeth ‘ [differentiating] true from false fortitude in a line and a half ’ : in johnson 's footsteps , these roads across scotland 's shoulder become shakespeare country .

In 1978 Mexican Communist theorists and activists ‘ polemicised with Soviet Latin American specialists over a series of issues relating to the character of Mexican capitalism in the late 1970s … The Mexican participants emphasised the mature development of capitalism in their country and the impossibility of distinguishing between local and foreign monopolies … The Soviet specialists doubted the existence of local Mexican monopolies and defended an interpretation which ascribed a more progressive character to the Mexican state and which noted the primacy of anti-imperialist struggle ’ ( Carr : 1985 , p. 216 , footnote 38 ) .
in 1978 mexican communist theorists and activists ‘ polemicised with soviet latin american specialists over a series of issues relating to the character of mexican capitalism in the late 1970s … the mexican participants emphasised the mature development of capitalism in their country and the impossibility of [differentiating] between local and foreign monopolies … the soviet specialists doubted the existence of local mexican monopolies and defended an interpretation which ascribed a more progressive character to the mexican state and which noted the primacy of anti-imperialist struggle ’ ( carr : 1985 , p. 216 , footnote 38 ) .

Roadburg ( 1980 ) provides a checklist of the key historical , ecological and social factors distinguishing British soccer as a spectator sport from its American counterpart .
roadburg ( 1980 ) provides a checklist of the key historical , ecological and social factors [differentiating] british soccer as a spectator sport from its american counterpart .

His most recent work finds him distinguishing between two separate ‘ fractions ’ of the dislocated working class who have become involved in soccer violence as a result of the peculiar material circumstances affecting their daily lives .
his most recent work finds him [differentiating] between two separate ‘ fractions ’ of the dislocated working class who have become involved in soccer violence as a result of the peculiar material circumstances affecting their daily lives .

It is also used as an agent of ironic comment whose target is the ‘ actualitá ’ of the news broadcast from which all distinguishing features have been purged .
it is also used as an agent of ironic comment whose target is the ‘ actualitá ’ of the news broadcast from which all [differentiating] features have been purged .

There are two child narrators who work in tandem , but distinguishing between them poses no problem , and their identity is never overtly threatened .
there are two child narrators who work in tandem , but [differentiating] between them poses no problem , and their identity is never overtly threatened .

Fine handmade dovetail joints are a distinguishing feature of its Country Traditional bedroom furniture , in hand-waxed solid pine , with an antique finish .
fine handmade dovetail joints are a [differentiating] feature of its country traditional bedroom furniture , in hand-waxed solid pine , with an antique finish .

It is this propensity to engage in self-critique that is perhaps the key distinguishing feature of the academic community .
it is this propensity to engage in self-critique that is perhaps the key [differentiating] feature of the academic community .

Is that not one of the distinguishing characteristics of an institution of higher education , that its staff do , by and large , conduct research and feel themselves under an obligation to do so ?
is that not one of the [differentiating] characteristics of an institution of higher education , that its staff do , by and large , conduct research and feel themselves under an obligation to do so ?

Committees may be classified according to the power they exercise , distinguishing between those having the power to bind the parent body and those without such power .
committees may be classified according to the power they exercise , [differentiating] between those having the power to bind the parent body and those without such power .

If the year of our folly 1990 had started inauspiciously for me , then the Fates , Lady Luck , Lord Chance , God , Life , Evolution — whoever or whatever — immediately thereafter set about the business of proving that the entangled disasters distinguishing the year 's first few days were but a mild and modest prelude to the more thorough-going catastrophes planned for the weeks and months ahead … and this with a rapidity and even an apparent relish which was impressive — if also bowel-looseningly terrifying — to behold .
if the year of our folly 1990 had started inauspiciously for me , then the fates , lady luck , lord chance , god , life , evolution — whoever or whatever — immediately thereafter set about the business of proving that the entangled disasters [differentiating] the year 's first few days were but a mild and modest prelude to the more thorough-going catastrophes planned for the weeks and months ahead … and this with a rapidity and even an apparent relish which was impressive — if also bowel-looseningly terrifying — to behold .

After joining in 1930 the Oriental Ceramic Society , founded in London a decade earlier , David had begun a career of scholarship with papers read to that body , distinguishing himself by identifying the imperial ru ware made between ad 1107 and 1127 .
after joining in 1930 the oriental ceramic society , founded in london a decade earlier , david had begun a career of scholarship with papers read to that body , [differentiating] himself by identifying the imperial ru ware made between ad 1107 and 1127 .

Where the differences between the classes relates to financial entitlement , i.e to dividends and return of capital , the likelihood is that they will be given distinguishing names , though these may be no more informative than ‘ preference ’ and ‘ ordinary , ’ ( perhaps , in the case of the former , preceded by ‘ first ’ or ‘ second ’ where there are two classes of preference shares ) .
where the differences between the classes relates to financial entitlement , i.e to dividends and return of capital , the likelihood is that they will be given [differentiating] names , though these may be no more informative than ‘ preference ’ and ‘ ordinary , ’ ( perhaps , in the case of the former , preceded by ‘ first ’ or ‘ second ’ where there are two classes of preference shares ) .

Distinguishing between public and private places caused the courts a great deal of difficulty .
[differentiating] between public and private places caused the courts a great deal of difficulty .

As expected , she found that subjects were very accurate at distinguishing a sentence they had only just heard from similar sentences with semantic or syntactic changes .
as expected , she found that subjects were very accurate at [differentiating] a sentence they had only just heard from similar sentences with semantic or syntactic changes .

In Chapter 6 we set out a dual-route model of reading aloud , distinguishing between a lexical procedure and a non-lexical procedure for converting print to speech .
in chapter 6 we set out a dual-route model of reading aloud , [differentiating] between a lexical procedure and a non-lexical procedure for converting print to speech .

The American accent was the only distinguishing feature of MacQuillan 's companion , the rest rather dispiriting : ordinary , mousy hair , average height , not heavily built .
the american accent was the only [differentiating] feature of macquillan 's companion , the rest rather dispiriting : ordinary , mousy hair , average height , not heavily built .

‘ The risk of pregnancy is a further and important distinguishing characteristic of rape .
‘ the risk of pregnancy is a further and important [differentiating] characteristic of rape .

Yet the task of distinguishing sexual assaults in terms of gravity is perhaps less awesome than the Committee alleged .
yet the task of [differentiating] sexual assaults in terms of gravity is perhaps less awesome than the committee alleged .

It might be said to have gone further than Scandinavian legislation in distinguishing the position of the wife from that of her unmarried counterpart , since it would arguably have denied her equal access to the law .
it might be said to have gone further than scandinavian legislation in [differentiating] the position of the wife from that of her unmarried counterpart , since it would arguably have denied her equal access to the law .

With this offence , the conceptual and linguistic problem raised by Olugboja of distinguishing consent from submission is avoided and the task of the prosecution rendered far easier .
with this offence , the conceptual and linguistic problem raised by olugboja of [differentiating] consent from submission is avoided and the task of the prosecution rendered far easier .

It was suggested in Chapter 2 that there is a clear case for distinguishing sexual assaults according to whether or not penetration is effected .
it was suggested in chapter 2 that there is a clear case for [differentiating] sexual assaults according to whether or not penetration is effected .

In addressing this task we combined local , national and international action , distinguishing ourselves as a strategic force for conservation .
in addressing this task we combined local , national and international action , [differentiating] ourselves as a strategic force for conservation .

Radiating out from the speaker are a number of concentric circles distinguishing different zones of spatial proximity ; through the speaker passes a `` tame line `` , on which events prior to his present utt rance , and events prior to those , can be linearly arranged , and similarly events at points and spans in the future ; while the discourse to which the speaker contributes unfolds along this same time line .
radiating out from the speaker are a number of concentric circles [differentiating] different zones of spatial proximity ; through the speaker passes a `` tame line `` , on which events prior to his present utt rance , and events prior to those , can be linearly arranged , and similarly events at points and spans in the future ; while the discourse to which the speaker contributes unfolds along this same time line .

Cases like the latter are usually termed diglossic Variants ( Ferguson , 1964 ) , although not everything so called has either the strict co-occurrence rules distinguishing levels or the restrictions in use that formal Tamil has .
cases like the latter are usually termed diglossic variants ( ferguson , 1964 ) , although not everything so called has either the strict co-occurrence rules [differentiating] levels or the restrictions in use that formal tamil has .

So the distinguishing claim of conventionalism , that law is limited to what has been endorsed by legal conventions , might seem ambiguous .
so the [differentiating] claim of conventionalism , that law is limited to what has been endorsed by legal conventions , might seem ambiguous .

Broadly , the distinguishing principle was that capital gains tax was charged on increases in the current use value of land only , while betterment levy was charged on increases in development value .
broadly , the [differentiating] principle was that capital gains tax was charged on increases in the current use value of land only , while betterment levy was charged on increases in development value .

This possibility can be guarded against by distinguishing between independent and dependent events .
this possibility can be guarded against by [differentiating] between independent and dependent events .

Mednick and his colleagues ( 1981a ) describe four characteristics of the sick group which they considered to be distinguishing features :
mednick and his colleagues ( 1981a ) describe four characteristics of the sick group which they considered to be [differentiating] features :

In temperate plants , it has been shown that the proportion of two-coloured displays of fruits discovered by birds is greater than that of monocoloured , but that the consumption after discovery is greater when the distinguishing features are ‘ natural ’ , e.g .
in temperate plants , it has been shown that the proportion of two-coloured displays of fruits discovered by birds is greater than that of monocoloured , but that the consumption after discovery is greater when the [differentiating] features are ‘ natural ’ , e.g .

Along mid-oceanic ridges and subduction zones it is often a problem distinguishing between ‘ normal ’ and anomalous volcanism .
along mid-oceanic ridges and subduction zones it is often a problem [differentiating] between ‘ normal ’ and anomalous volcanism .

Passages of verse or drama , distinguishing for example speakers , stage directions , verse lines , stanzaic units , etc ;
passages of verse or drama , [differentiating] for example speakers , stage directions , verse lines , stanzaic units , etc ;

Quoted phrases , distinguishing direct speech , quotation , terms and glosses , cited phrases etc ;
quoted phrases , [differentiating] direct speech , quotation , terms and glosses , cited phrases etc ;

Distinguishing marks : none .
[differentiating] marks : none .

Indeed , one of the reasons for the rapid absorption of the rational expectations hypothesis into new classical circles was that the underlying model of neoclassical economics in general and new classical macroeconomics in particular was the belief that this hypothesis conformed with the distinguishing feature of neoclassical theory , that of profit and utility maximization .
indeed , one of the reasons for the rapid absorption of the rational expectations hypothesis into new classical circles was that the underlying model of neoclassical economics in general and new classical macroeconomics in particular was the belief that this hypothesis conformed with the [differentiating] feature of neoclassical theory , that of profit and utility maximization .

On its commencement every proceeding is identified by a title , made up of the name of the court in which it is brought , the names of the parties and any Act ( other than the 1984 Act ) relied on to give the court jurisdiction , and by a distinguishing number allotted to it by the court office , written ( in an action ) as `` Case No `` or ( in a matter ) as `` No of Matter `` .
on its commencement every proceeding is identified by a title , made up of the name of the court in which it is brought , the names of the parties and any act ( other than the 1984 act ) relied on to give the court jurisdiction , and by a [differentiating] number allotted to it by the court office , written ( in an action ) as `` case no `` or ( in a matter ) as `` no of matter `` .

3.8 In practice judges tend to use the expression `` pain and suffering `` without distinguishing clearly between the two elements .
3.8 in practice judges tend to use the expression `` pain and suffering `` without [differentiating] clearly between the two elements .

The legal issues are best understood by distinguishing between the benefit of a contract and the burden of a contract , or between the rights and entitlements of a contract and the obligations to be performed under a contract .
the legal issues are best understood by [differentiating] between the benefit of a contract and the burden of a contract , or between the rights and entitlements of a contract and the obligations to be performed under a contract .

Chiaro , inevitably , finds herself distinguishing `` dirty `` jokes from `` Irish `` ; `` political `` jokes from `` sick `` ; and it would be very interesting indeed if a book could be written from a more socio-cultural perspective on such topics as subject , teller and listener .
chiaro , inevitably , finds herself [differentiating] `` dirty `` jokes from `` irish `` ; `` political `` jokes from `` sick `` ; and it would be very interesting indeed if a book could be written from a more socio-cultural perspective on such topics as subject , teller and listener .

This is especially problematic as many points made later in the book depend on distinguishing the three notions .
this is especially problematic as many points made later in the book depend on [differentiating] the three notions .

One of the main ways of distinguishing a European mink Mustela lutreola from this American one is by looking for a white patch on the upper lip .
one of the main ways of [differentiating] a european mink mustela lutreola from this american one is by looking for a white patch on the upper lip .

Finally , they adhered to the principle of Contrast in distinguishing less from more .
finally , they adhered to the principle of contrast in [differentiating] less from more .

All language-based views of reading take account of it ; but the prominence given to it is the main distinguishing mark of the view of reading held by Goodman and Smith with which this paper began .
all language-based views of reading take account of it ; but the prominence given to it is the main [differentiating] mark of the view of reading held by goodman and smith with which this paper began .

The prescription was to offer them no reason for distinguishing between employers who , as custodians for the State , managed those centre-pieces of Socialist attainment , the nationalised industries ; and those who managed privately owned industries .
the prescription was to offer them no reason for [differentiating] between employers who , as custodians for the state , managed those centre-pieces of socialist attainment , the nationalised industries ; and those who managed privately owned industries .

This decision promotes uncertainty in distinguishing between parties and third parties .
this decision promotes uncertainty in [differentiating] between parties and third parties .

According to Mukarovsky , it is the `` consistency and systematic character of foregrounding `` , not just the isolated occurrence of this or that prominent feature , which is the distinguishing mark of literary language .
according to mukarovsky , it is the `` consistency and systematic character of foregrounding `` , not just the isolated occurrence of this or that prominent feature , which is the [differentiating] mark of literary language .

Sucked into the bureaucracy of their organizations , they feel there are few opportunities for providing a unique contribution to profit , for distinguishing themselves with exceptional results .
sucked into the bureaucracy of their organizations , they feel there are few opportunities for providing a unique contribution to profit , for [differentiating] themselves with exceptional results .

Canon Elvy encourages the churches to respect European values and also to be careful in distinguishing between the terms ‘ communication ’ , ‘ publicity ’ , ‘ image-building ’ and ‘ information ’ .
canon elvy encourages the churches to respect european values and also to be careful in [differentiating] between the terms ‘ communication ’ , ‘ publicity ’ , ‘ image-building ’ and ‘ information ’ .

The contributors seem to have been given a clear brief to provide just enough context to introduce the paintings themselves , with special emphasis on distinguishing the styles of lesser masters , and many plates showing refreshingly unfamiliar works from recent London auctions , all perhaps with antique collectors in mind .
the contributors seem to have been given a clear brief to provide just enough context to introduce the paintings themselves , with special emphasis on [differentiating] the styles of lesser masters , and many plates showing refreshingly unfamiliar works from recent london auctions , all perhaps with antique collectors in mind .

This is particularly useful in distinguishing an authentic Persian or Turkoman item from a good quality copy made in India or Pakistan .
this is particularly useful in [differentiating] an authentic persian or turkoman item from a good quality copy made in india or pakistan .

Other words which designated sexual traits , such as nymphomania , narcissism , autoeroticism , kleptomania , urolagnia and many others , began to seep into scientific discourse by the end of the century and the beginning of the twentieth century , indicating a new concern with detail-ing sexual variations , and with using sex as a distinguishing mark between individuals .
other words which designated sexual traits , such as nymphomania , narcissism , autoeroticism , kleptomania , urolagnia and many others , began to seep into scientific discourse by the end of the century and the beginning of the twentieth century , indicating a new concern with detail-ing sexual variations , and with using sex as a [differentiating] mark between individuals .

The most important element was the difficulty that reformers had in distinguishing between their desire to protect the young girls who were the objects of their concern and their desire to control them .
the most important element was the difficulty that reformers had in [differentiating] between their desire to protect the young girls who were the objects of their concern and their desire to control them .

The paper will deal with some distinguishing features only because of the obvious limitations of space and time .
the paper will deal with some [differentiating] features only because of the obvious limitations of space and time .

The only principle of law ( but not business practice ) distinguishing this feature from any type of limited liability company is that the members are liable for the company 's liabilities as guarantors if the company 's own resources prove to be insufficient to meet the liability .
the only principle of law ( but not business practice ) [differentiating] this feature from any type of limited liability company is that the members are liable for the company 's liabilities as guarantors if the company 's own resources prove to be insufficient to meet the liability .

Greenfield 's scale must be capable of distinguishing such local claims from ‘ true ’ evidence of detachment .
greenfield 's scale must be capable of [differentiating] such local claims from ‘ true ’ evidence of detachment .

This working definition is crucial because of the difficulty in distinguishing between accidental and non-accidental injuries .
this working definition is crucial because of the difficulty in [differentiating] between accidental and non-accidental injuries .

Historical experience is partial because of the essential arbitrariness involved in distinguishing one historical event from another .
historical experience is partial because of the essential arbitrariness involved in [differentiating] one historical event from another .

This mystifying theme is particularly important in distinguishing conservatism from liberalism .
this mystifying theme is particularly important in [differentiating] conservatism from liberalism .

Earlier in his essay on the rule of law Oakeshott had suggested that to deliberate the jus of lex is ‘ to invoke a particular kind of moral consideration : … the negative and limited consideration that the prescriptions of law should not conflict with a prevailing educated moral sensibility capable of distinguishing between the conditions of ‘ virtue ’ , the conditions of moral association ( ’ good conduct ’ ) , and those which are of such a kind that they should be imposed by law ( ’ justice ’ ) ' .
earlier in his essay on the rule of law oakeshott had suggested that to deliberate the jus of lex is ‘ to invoke a particular kind of moral consideration : … the negative and limited consideration that the prescriptions of law should not conflict with a prevailing educated moral sensibility capable of [differentiating] between the conditions of ‘ virtue ’ , the conditions of moral association ( ’ good conduct ’ ) , and those which are of such a kind that they should be imposed by law ( ’ justice ’ ) ' .

Here we may recognize Comte 's influence in distinguishing the metaphysical stage associated with juristic thought from the stage of industrialism characterized by the rise of positivist thought .
here we may recognize comte 's influence in [differentiating] the metaphysical stage associated with juristic thought from the stage of industrialism characterized by the rise of positivist thought .

So it seemed plausible that these elliptical fields are stimulated best by bars orientated parallel to their long axis , and that the lack of obliquely oriented cells explained the difficulty the octopus has in distinguishing between the two diagonals .
so it seemed plausible that these elliptical fields are stimulated best by bars orientated parallel to their long axis , and that the lack of obliquely oriented cells explained the difficulty the octopus has in [differentiating] between the two diagonals .

My reasons for distinguishing the Petralona and Steinheim crania included their contrasting facial morphologies and very large size difference .
my reasons for [differentiating] the petralona and steinheim crania included their contrasting facial morphologies and very large size difference .

Yet as the century wore on , their military character ceased to be the exclusive distinguishing feature of princely households .
yet as the century wore on , their military character ceased to be the exclusive [differentiating] feature of princely households .

The evolution of a rudimentary bureaucracy was , by 1180 , the distinguishing feature of royal and princely administrations .
the evolution of a rudimentary bureaucracy was , by 1180 , the [differentiating] feature of royal and princely administrations .

Figure 3.1 gives support to the view that ‘ Perhaps the single most distinguishing characteristic of the Japanese wage structure is the effect of firm size on wages ’ ( Hashimoto 1979 p.1098 ) .
figure 3.1 gives support to the view that ‘ perhaps the single most [differentiating] characteristic of the japanese wage structure is the effect of firm size on wages ’ ( hashimoto 1979 p.1098 ) .

If lifetime employment and seniority wages are seen as key distinguishing characteristics of the Japanese labour market then it has to be recognized that they are far from universal features .
if lifetime employment and seniority wages are seen as key [differentiating] characteristics of the japanese labour market then it has to be recognized that they are far from universal features .

Skill in this will be an important factor in distinguishing good from mediocre curriculum designers .
skill in this will be an important factor in [differentiating] good from mediocre curriculum designers .

Instead we assume that each store location in main store can hold either an instruction or a piece of data ; this does not , of course , preclude the possibility of distinguishing these two cases at any particular time , either by segregating instruction areas from data areas , or by marking store locations in some way .
instead we assume that each store location in main store can hold either an instruction or a piece of data ; this does not , of course , preclude the possibility of [differentiating] these two cases at any particular time , either by segregating instruction areas from data areas , or by marking store locations in some way .

An early researcher , La Brant ( 1933 ) , worked at clause level , distinguishing independent and dependent ( subordinate ) clauses and classifying dependent clauses as noun , adjectival and adverbial .
an early researcher , la brant ( 1933 ) , worked at clause level , [differentiating] independent and dependent ( subordinate ) clauses and classifying dependent clauses as noun , adjectival and adverbial .

They resemble very small covering hairs , but the absence of the basal articulation is their distinguishing feature ( Figs .
they resemble very small covering hairs , but the absence of the basal articulation is their [differentiating] feature ( figs .

The objection touches on large issues in the philosophy of language and in epistemology , but a relatively brief reply , distinguishing various lines of thought that enter into it , is certainly possible .
the objection touches on large issues in the philosophy of language and in epistemology , but a relatively brief reply , [differentiating] various lines of thought that enter into it , is certainly possible .

This suggests he has some difficulty in distinguishing sounds .
this suggests he has some difficulty in [differentiating] sounds .

Together with his error fatet , this may confirm that he has difficulty in distinguishing sounds .
together with his error fatet , this may confirm that he has difficulty in [differentiating] sounds .

With vowels , the problem is not distinguishing the sounds but knowing how to symbolise them , because the same sound can be symbolised in different ways .
with vowels , the problem is not [differentiating] the sounds but knowing how to symbolise them , because the same sound can be symbolised in different ways .

Homonyms are another example of a way of distinguishing between identical sounding words . )
homonyms are another example of a way of [differentiating] between identical sounding words . )

When he got a passport of his own , if they still had the sort Jarvis had by that time , he was going to write ‘ lion tattoo on back ’ under ‘ distinguishing marks ’ .
when he got a passport of his own , if they still had the sort jarvis had by that time , he was going to write ‘ lion tattoo on back ’ under ‘ [differentiating] marks ’ .

Identity here as everywhere else is relational — an effect produced through product ‘ differentiation ’ and market ‘ placement ’ and increasingly the ‘ look ’ becomes the distinguishing factor .
identity here as everywhere else is relational — an effect produced through product ‘ differentiation ’ and market ‘ placement ’ and increasingly the ‘ look ’ becomes the [differentiating] factor .

As early as 1976 , the Layfield Committee was distinguishing not between counties and districts , but between ‘ major spending authorities ’ and the rest in their discussions of the possible introduction of a local income tax ( Layfield 1976:196 ) .
as early as 1976 , the layfield committee was [differentiating] not between counties and districts , but between ‘ major spending authorities ’ and the rest in their discussions of the possible introduction of a local income tax ( layfield 1976:196 ) .

Another way of distinguishing the services provided by local government is to group them according to certain shared characteristics .
another way of [differentiating] the services provided by local government is to group them according to certain shared characteristics .

As Morgenthau put it : ‘ [ Realism ] believes … in the possibility of distinguishing in politics between truth and opinion — between what is true objectively and rationally , supported by evidence and illuminated by reason , and what is only a subjective judgment , divorced from the facts as they are and informed by prejudice and wishful thinking .
as morgenthau put it : ‘ [ realism ] believes … in the possibility of [differentiating] in politics between truth and opinion — between what is true objectively and rationally , supported by evidence and illuminated by reason , and what is only a subjective judgment , divorced from the facts as they are and informed by prejudice and wishful thinking .

It is worth distinguishing between Morgenthau 's general view of the proper conduct of a science and his specific account of international relations , conceived scientifically .
it is worth [differentiating] between morgenthau 's general view of the proper conduct of a science and his specific account of international relations , conceived scientifically .

But Popper limits its implications by distinguishing between the process of discovery and the logic of validation .
but popper limits its implications by [differentiating] between the process of discovery and the logic of validation .

The assumption that all groups in the ‘ not-men ’ class are identical with each other is so firmly rooted that , as we shall see in the fourth section , it is readily assumed even by modern libertarian thinkers that showing that , for example , some ground for distinguishing between men and women is false or irrelevant , immediately commits us to the view that the same ground is irrelevant in distinguishing men from children .
the assumption that all groups in the ‘ not-men ’ class are identical with each other is so firmly rooted that , as we shall see in the fourth section , it is readily assumed even by modern libertarian thinkers that showing that , for example , some ground for [differentiating] between men and women is false or irrelevant , immediately commits us to the view that the same ground is irrelevant in [differentiating] men from children .

It would be perfectly possible to give the rights to children without imposing the duties on them , the one does not entail the other , but we would then still be distinguishing between adults and children as citizens .
it would be perfectly possible to give the rights to children without imposing the duties on them , the one does not entail the other , but we would then still be [differentiating] between adults and children as citizens .

maintenance is the support of litigation by a stranger without just course ; champerty is an aggravated form of maintenance , its distinguishing feature being the support of litigation by a stranger in return for a share of the proceeds .
maintenance is the support of litigation by a stranger without just course ; champerty is an aggravated form of maintenance , its [differentiating] feature being the support of litigation by a stranger in return for a share of the proceeds .

Prometheus ( who stole fire from heaven to animate his clay men ) is only one of countless global myths to accentuate the significance of fire in distinguishing the emergence of civilisation .
prometheus ( who stole fire from heaven to animate his clay men ) is only one of countless global myths to accentuate the significance of fire in [differentiating] the emergence of civilisation .

For these to be useful to schools , teachers need to find economical ways of distinguishing authorised from unauthorised absence , of distinguishing ‘ real ’ from condoned absence and to look for patterns of absence taking actual pupils as the starting point rather than a more generalised attendance rate .
for these to be useful to schools , teachers need to find economical ways of [differentiating] authorised from unauthorised absence , of [differentiating] ‘ real ’ from condoned absence and to look for patterns of absence taking actual pupils as the starting point rather than a more generalised attendance rate .

It is a bit like trying to describe to a blind person what is a horse and distinguishing it from a bull .
it is a bit like trying to describe to a blind person what is a horse and [differentiating] it from a bull .

Visually handicapped people sometimes experience difficulty in distinguishing similar products and so Tesco has introduced braille where possible on products like household cleaners .
visually handicapped people sometimes experience difficulty in [differentiating] similar products and so tesco has introduced braille where possible on products like household cleaners .

Amiss had to restrain his impatience , knowing as he did that a distinguishing feature of Blenkinsop was that he had enjoyed any wine , as long as there was enough of it .
amiss had to restrain his impatience , knowing as he did that a [differentiating] feature of blenkinsop was that he had enjoyed any wine , as long as there was enough of it .

The aims of this study were : ( a ) to explore the distinguishing clinical characteristics between the patients with three types of amyloidosis who presented with clinical signs of intestinal pseudo-obstruction , and ( b ) to examine the relations between the clinical features and pathological findings .
the aims of this study were : ( a ) to explore the [differentiating] clinical characteristics between the patients with three types of amyloidosis who presented with clinical signs of intestinal pseudo-obstruction , and ( b ) to examine the relations between the clinical features and pathological findings .

The use of English by the intellectual classes shows that it was becoming more socially acceptable , and the assertion that language was a distinguishing criterion of nationhood reveals a growing measure of national self-awareness .
the use of english by the intellectual classes shows that it was becoming more socially acceptable , and the assertion that language was a [differentiating] criterion of nationhood reveals a growing measure of national self-awareness .

Wordsworth can be quoted : Our meddling intellect Mis-shapes the beauteous form of things We murder to dissect Yet his friend Coleridge could see a middle path — distinguishing , not in order to divide or separate , but in order to discern or understand .
wordsworth can be quoted : our meddling intellect mis-shapes the beauteous form of things we murder to dissect yet his friend coleridge could see a middle path — [differentiating] , not in order to divide or separate , but in order to discern or understand .

The seven virtues put together the three theological virtues which arise from man 's relationship to God as his creator , and are the condition of all Christian action — faith , hope and charity — with the four classical virtues which relate to man as a social being : justice towards others , prudence in distinguishing good from evil in the world , fortitude in all circumstances , `` whethir so betides `` and temperance to achieve a balanced life-style to `` lyff skillwisely [ with discretion ] als the lawe techis `` .
the seven virtues put together the three theological virtues which arise from man 's relationship to god as his creator , and are the condition of all christian action — faith , hope and charity — with the four classical virtues which relate to man as a social being : justice towards others , prudence in [differentiating] good from evil in the world , fortitude in all circumstances , `` whethir so betides `` and temperance to achieve a balanced life-style to `` lyff skillwisely [ with discretion ] als the lawe techis `` .

Rolle warns against taking any of it seriously : He ends the address to the solitary with his playful warning on the necessity of distinguishing between inner holiness and outward habit having previously established that : The phrase , characteristic of Rolle , `` byrnes in luf of Jhesu Criste `` combines man 's love for God with God 's for man in a fire which sets man alight .
rolle warns against taking any of it seriously : he ends the address to the solitary with his playful warning on the necessity of [differentiating] between inner holiness and outward habit having previously established that : the phrase , characteristic of rolle , `` byrnes in luf of jhesu criste `` combines man 's love for god with god 's for man in a fire which sets man alight .

Despite the salutary scepticism of David Hume this scholastic convention has survived right down to the present day and is perhaps best explained by saying that when intellectuals who have the mental habits of university professors are invited to specify the distinguishing criteria of human beings they end up by producing a self-image of themselves .
despite the salutary scepticism of david hume this scholastic convention has survived right down to the present day and is perhaps best explained by saying that when intellectuals who have the mental habits of university professors are invited to specify the [differentiating] criteria of human beings they end up by producing a self-image of themselves .

The approach of the project has been to develop a computable disaggregated model of the economy which differs from , for example , the Treasury model of distinguishing as many as 39 industries and a comparable level of detail in other sectors of the economy .
the approach of the project has been to develop a computable disaggregated model of the economy which differs from , for example , the treasury model of [differentiating] as many as 39 industries and a comparable level of detail in other sectors of the economy .

The distinguishing feature of the model is its concern with the secular development of the economy rather than its cyclical or short-term development .
the [differentiating] feature of the model is its concern with the secular development of the economy rather than its cyclical or short-term development .

This project will draw attention to problems in distinguishing ‘ committed supporters ’ from ‘ soccer hooligans ’ .
this project will draw attention to problems in [differentiating] ‘ committed supporters ’ from ‘ soccer hooligans ’ .

The present project has designed evaluative materials and intervention materials aimed at developing : awareness of the content and structure of mathematics in general , and of the current topics being learnt ; awareness about teaching and learning methods , including distinguishing the methods appropriate to skill , concept and strategy learning ; awareness of their own personal learning methods , their strengths and weaknesses ; ability to use this knowledge to improve the effectiveness of their learning .
the present project has designed evaluative materials and intervention materials aimed at developing : awareness of the content and structure of mathematics in general , and of the current topics being learnt ; awareness about teaching and learning methods , including [differentiating] the methods appropriate to skill , concept and strategy learning ; awareness of their own personal learning methods , their strengths and weaknesses ; ability to use this knowledge to improve the effectiveness of their learning .

To have taken the portrait down would have marked her flight , distinguishing its importance beyond the dignified acceptance of the Family .
to have taken the portrait down would have marked her flight , [differentiating] its importance beyond the dignified acceptance of the family .

The relative presence or absence of the latter is an important factor in distinguishing between different categories of small town .
the relative presence or absence of the latter is an important factor in [differentiating] between different categories of small town .

Mask , curated by Valerie Brown for Impressions Gallery in York is a computer-developed identikit , a somewhat tongue-in-cheek representation of the average European who , we are told , is androgynous , 31.5 years old , of mixed ethnic origin with no distinguishing marks !
mask , curated by valerie brown for impressions gallery in york is a computer-developed identikit , a somewhat tongue-in-cheek representation of the average european who , we are told , is androgynous , 31.5 years old , of mixed ethnic origin with no [differentiating] marks !

Packers anxious reassurance that they are all portraits ( relieving us of the potentially dangerous task of distinguishing those that are not ) requires him to identify and locate a sitter or sitters .
packers anxious reassurance that they are all portraits ( relieving us of the potentially dangerous task of [differentiating] those that are not ) requires him to identify and locate a sitter or sitters .

The important distinguishing feature between applications in these different product categories is the value that a particular system can offer , both to customers and retailers .
the important [differentiating] feature between applications in these different product categories is the value that a particular system can offer , both to customers and retailers .

Normally a classified image would be colour-coded as the eye is not capable of distinguishing more than six or seven levels of grey .
normally a classified image would be colour-coded as the eye is not capable of [differentiating] more than six or seven levels of grey .

In adopting this chic mode of expression , the nouveau riche was effectively distinguishing itself from the traditional middle classes while at the same time flaunting the fact that it had connoisseurship and taste .
in adopting this chic mode of expression , the nouveau riche was effectively [differentiating] itself from the traditional middle classes while at the same time flaunting the fact that it had connoisseurship and taste .

As Laumann and House suggest , they can usually be depended on to adopt design-languages distinguishing themselves from those who have not yet arrived .
as laumann and house suggest , they can usually be depended on to adopt design-languages [differentiating] themselves from those who have not yet arrived .

There often arises the problem of distinguishing between an entity and an attribute .
there often arises the problem of [differentiating] between an entity and an attribute .

Possibly such ideas could be applied to fine tune aloof measurements by distinguishing between different regions of the image and applying weights .
possibly such ideas could be applied to fine tune aloof measurements by [differentiating] between different regions of the image and applying weights .

The images were easily distinguishable by eye and even with the rather crude resolution obtainable with this camera there should be no difficulty in distinguishing them by software .
the images were easily distinguishable by eye and even with the rather crude resolution obtainable with this camera there should be no difficulty in [differentiating] them by software .

( Indeed , a handwriting recognition system has been developed which is better at distinguishing between a hand-printed v and u than humans ( Suen & Shillman , 1977 ) ) The types of knowledge humans use include lexical , syntactic , semantic and pragmatic information although none of these are used in isolation .
( indeed , a handwriting recognition system has been developed which is better at [differentiating] between a hand-printed v and u than humans ( suen & shillman , 1977 ) ) the types of knowledge humans use include lexical , syntactic , semantic and pragmatic information although none of these are used in isolation .

The task does not require detailed syntactic processing , simply to know where to pause ( the major syntactic boundaries ) , which words to stress ( distinguishing content and function words ) and whether the sentence requires the pitch to fall or rise at the end ( is it a yes-no question ? )
the task does not require detailed syntactic processing , simply to know where to pause ( the major syntactic boundaries ) , which words to stress ( [differentiating] content and function words ) and whether the sentence requires the pitch to fall or rise at the end ( is it a yes-no question ? )

But distinguishing why changes take place is problematic before we have the evidence , as in Jonson 's case , of an author wishing to impose authority on to a text .
but [differentiating] why changes take place is problematic before we have the evidence , as in jonson 's case , of an author wishing to impose authority on to a text .

Internal organization is a class of governance whose distinguishing feature is that a resource owner accepts restrictions on his sole rights to use his resources in whatever way he might choose .
internal organization is a class of governance whose [differentiating] feature is that a resource owner accepts restrictions on his sole rights to use his resources in whatever way he might choose .

defining ambiguous terms and distinguishing homographs , and
defining ambiguous terms and [differentiating] homographs , and

The little ones , the very little ones , called it her ‘ Holy day ’ , not distinguishing clearly between Poly and Holy .
the little ones , the very little ones , called it her ‘ holy day ’ , not [differentiating] clearly between poly and holy .

But until this has actually proved to be possible — and Jakobson would have denied that it is — it seems reasonable to accept that both kinds of equivalence constitute a distinguishing feature , if not of all poetic language , at least of a great deal of it .
but until this has actually proved to be possible — and jakobson would have denied that it is — it seems reasonable to accept that both kinds of equivalence constitute a [differentiating] feature , if not of all poetic language , at least of a great deal of it .

Equally the mere presence of further equivalences at other levels of the text , however intricate and profuse , may simply constitute one among many possible distinguishing features , and not necessarily the essential one , of poetry .
equally the mere presence of further equivalences at other levels of the text , however intricate and profuse , may simply constitute one among many possible [differentiating] features , and not necessarily the essential one , of poetry .

If we accept this , then we might have an objective principle for distinguishing between the relevant and irrelevant associations of words in a text , for ordering its parts according to their relative importance , and for connecting these parts with one another .
if we accept this , then we might have an objective principle for [differentiating] between the relevant and irrelevant associations of words in a text , for ordering its parts according to their relative importance , and for connecting these parts with one another .

First , we can question whether the concept is an adequate one for distinguishing poetry from non-poetry .
first , we can question whether the concept is an adequate one for [differentiating] poetry from non-poetry .

Lack of sufficient proportion , clarity or similarity means that clarifying and distinguishing the data is so fraught with excessive difficulty that interest is stultified .
lack of sufficient proportion , clarity or similarity means that clarifying and [differentiating] the data is so fraught with excessive difficulty that interest is stultified .

The nickname was a contemporary one , a means of distinguishing this Charles from other Carolingians with the same name .
the nickname was a contemporary one , a means of [differentiating] this charles from other carolingians with the same name .

Thinking forward `` was their distinguishing mode of work .
thinking forward `` was their [differentiating] mode of work .

Wartime expansion of milk consumption took place for a third reason that related more to specific practical problems than to a new attitude on the part of policy-makers : simply , the disruptions of wartime made it virtually impossible to implement the pre-war means test criteria , such as the definition of a ‘ necessitous ’ child eligible for free milk , or the distinguishing of those children receiving cheap milk for the under-fives under section 2 of the 1939 Milk Industry Act .
wartime expansion of milk consumption took place for a third reason that related more to specific practical problems than to a new attitude on the part of policy-makers : simply , the disruptions of wartime made it virtually impossible to implement the pre-war means test criteria , such as the definition of a ‘ necessitous ’ child eligible for free milk , or the [differentiating] of those children receiving cheap milk for the under-fives under section 2 of the 1939 milk industry act .

Thus for risky junctions knowledge of the precise risk-related information seen in the judgment phase will provide a useful way of distinguishing targets from distractors in the recognition phase .
thus for risky junctions knowledge of the precise risk-related information seen in the judgment phase will provide a useful way of [differentiating] targets from distractors in the recognition phase .

There are good reasons for distinguishing it both from the level of the meanings of expressions , as will become apparent later in the text ( see in particular Chapter 6 ) , and from whatever more general non-linguistic level of mental activity has to take responsibility for human perception of external phenomena ; a sufficient reason is that speakers of the language are well aware that they can seek to identify one and the same entity or property by using the meanings of various different expressions : Examples like ( 22 ) are familiarly put forward as showing the distinction between meaning and reference ; they may serve that purpose but that is quite a different matter .
there are good reasons for [differentiating] it both from the level of the meanings of expressions , as will become apparent later in the text ( see in particular chapter 6 ) , and from whatever more general non-linguistic level of mental activity has to take responsibility for human perception of external phenomena ; a sufficient reason is that speakers of the language are well aware that they can seek to identify one and the same entity or property by using the meanings of various different expressions : examples like ( 22 ) are familiarly put forward as showing the distinction between meaning and reference ; they may serve that purpose but that is quite a different matter .

No medieval emperor — even the greatest and most powerful — was ever enthroned , and this distinguishing feature of papal ceremonial underlined the pope 's uniqueness .
no medieval emperor — even the greatest and most powerful — was ever enthroned , and this [differentiating] feature of papal ceremonial underlined the pope 's uniqueness .

Klaus had objected to the move , saying that he `` did not know any method of distinguishing in practice dirty money from clean money `` .
klaus had objected to the move , saying that he `` did not know any method of [differentiating] in practice dirty money from clean money `` .

The next case provides some useful guidance on distinguishing between fixtures and fittings .
the next case provides some useful guidance on [differentiating] between fixtures and fittings .

The cases so far decided do not exhaust the possible factual permutations which give the courts such difficulty in distinguishing between leases and licences .
the cases so far decided do not exhaust the possible factual permutations which give the courts such difficulty in [differentiating] between leases and licences .

It has become the means for distinguishing between leases and licences , the latter being the means by which lawyers sought to find a way around statutory controls regarding the levels of rent and security for the tenant .
it has become the means for [differentiating] between leases and licences , the latter being the means by which lawyers sought to find a way around statutory controls regarding the levels of rent and security for the tenant .

When the interest of one of the parties changes hands the successor should fully take his predecessor 's place as landlord or tenant , without distinguishing between different categories of covenant .
when the interest of one of the parties changes hands the successor should fully take his predecessor 's place as landlord or tenant , without [differentiating] between different categories of covenant .

The firm refusal of the courts to equate legal and equitable assignments is strong authority in favour of distinguishing assignments of legal and equitable leases .
the firm refusal of the courts to equate legal and equitable assignments is strong authority in favour of [differentiating] assignments of legal and equitable leases .

In presenting ideas of the school or movement , however , you will need to be careful about distinguishing your own words from your paraphrase of the positions you are representing .
in presenting ideas of the school or movement , however , you will need to be careful about [differentiating] your own words from your paraphrase of the positions you are representing .

It is essential to provide some distinguishing feature so that the guest remembers , a year or more later , than the hotel merits a return visit .
it is essential to provide some [differentiating] feature so that the guest remembers , a year or more later , than the hotel merits a return visit .

In practice , however , the new republic 's distinguishing feature , in marked contrast to either the Third or the Fourth Republic , was the enormous power of the president .
in practice , however , the new republic 's [differentiating] feature , in marked contrast to either the third or the fourth republic , was the enormous power of the president .

Of course , one way of distinguishing between students ' performance will be by examining their Records of Education and Training .
of course , one way of [differentiating] between students ' performance will be by examining their records of education and training .

Distinguishing between pass and merit will be a novel feature of the new awards .
[differentiating] between pass and merit will be a novel feature of the new awards .

Although , as we shall see , many varied and lengthy accounts of what may have been the distinguishing characteristics of the fabliaux have been produced , the short definition given by Bédier in 1893 still attracts support : the fabliaux , he declared , are " " contes à rire en vers " " .
although , as we shall see , many varied and lengthy accounts of what may have been the [differentiating] characteristics of the fabliaux have been produced , the short definition given by bédier in 1893 still attracts support : the fabliaux , he declared , are " " contes à rire en vers " " .

The writer 's intention to amuse , or the reader 's amusement , are not easy issues to deal with in any summary way , but various forms of surprise and shock which may well cause a laugh or a smile will emerge as essential in distinguishing the fabliau .
the writer 's intention to amuse , or the reader 's amusement , are not easy issues to deal with in any summary way , but various forms of surprise and shock which may well cause a laugh or a smile will emerge as essential in [differentiating] the fabliau .

Thus he will have difficulty in distinguishing `` tin `` and `` thin `` , and `` tear `` and `` there `` .
thus he will have difficulty in [differentiating] `` tin `` and `` thin `` , and `` tear `` and `` there `` .

German speakers have difficulty in distinguishing between `` bring `` and `` take `` in English as these are translated by one German word `` bringen `` , but the English speaker has difficulty trying to decide which of the two English words is meant in any statement containing the German word `` bringen `` .
german speakers have difficulty in [differentiating] between `` bring `` and `` take `` in english as these are translated by one german word `` bringen `` , but the english speaker has difficulty trying to decide which of the two english words is meant in any statement containing the german word `` bringen `` .

" Any distinguishing marks ? "
" any [differentiating] marks ? "

Thus , in our opinion reflux symptoms are of no value in distinguishing Barrett 's oesophagus patients from patients with reflux oesophagitis , and only the presence of a severe dysphagia may indicate Barrett 's metaplasia .
thus , in our opinion reflux symptoms are of no value in [differentiating] barrett 's oesophagus patients from patients with reflux oesophagitis , and only the presence of a severe dysphagia may indicate barrett 's metaplasia .

They were to make perambulations , distinguishing between those districts which ought to remain in the forest , and those which ought to be put out .
they were to make perambulations , [differentiating] between those districts which ought to remain in the forest , and those which ought to be put out .

Tim Bell , usually described in the newspapers as ‘ Mrs Thatcher 's favourite adman ’ , claims the distinguishing characteristic of this group was that ‘ we spent time being nice to her .
tim bell , usually described in the newspapers as ‘ mrs thatcher 's favourite adman ’ , claims the [differentiating] characteristic of this group was that ‘ we spent time being nice to her .

‘ The imagination is the distinguishing — ’
‘ the imagination is the [differentiating] — ’

Paintings which he in spected personally have their titles printed in bold capitals , distinguishing them from those known primarily through books and hearsay , whose titles ap pear in lower-case .
paintings which he in spected personally have their titles printed in bold capitals , [differentiating] them from those known primarily through books and hearsay , whose titles ap pear in lower-case .

Voters clearly have no difficulty distinguishing between real politics and the American show-biz variety .
voters clearly have no difficulty [differentiating] between real politics and the american show-biz variety .

It is important to observe and respond appropriately to these individuals , recognising them by their distinctive fin markings , body scars and other distinguishing features .
it is important to observe and respond appropriately to these individuals , recognising them by their distinctive fin markings , body scars and other [differentiating] features .

Logic does not provide the means of distinguishing the true from the false .
logic does not provide the means of [differentiating] the true from the false .

He allows that , despite his claiming to have no consciousness of them , a court may punish a man for his drunken actions , but this is only because it can not be sure of distinguishing in the defendant 's plea ‘ what is real , what counterfeit ’ .
he allows that , despite his claiming to have no consciousness of them , a court may punish a man for his drunken actions , but this is only because it can not be sure of [differentiating] in the defendant 's plea ‘ what is real , what counterfeit ’ .

It is interesting to note that his three criteria for distinguishing reality from illusion can be found also in the works of those philosophers , such as Descartes and Locke , whose view he rejects .
it is interesting to note that his three criteria for [differentiating] reality from illusion can be found also in the works of those philosophers , such as descartes and locke , whose view he rejects .

More importantly , constitutional experts have found considerable difficulty in distinguishing federal states from unitary ones .
more importantly , constitutional experts have found considerable difficulty in [differentiating] federal states from unitary ones .

Hodgson ( 1987 ) provides a useful synthesis of this approach in distinguishing between leadership and management :
hodgson ( 1987 ) provides a useful synthesis of this approach in [differentiating] between leadership and management :

Darwin used several criteria for distinguishing sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .
darwin used several criteria for [differentiating] sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .

Ealing 's Meet Mr Lucifer ( 1953 ) defined the new medium 's effect on audiences as largely negative and , by distinguishing the communal address of cinema from television 's attention to the individual , established a line of attack that was to be much used later .
ealing 's meet mr lucifer ( 1953 ) defined the new medium 's effect on audiences as largely negative and , by [differentiating] the communal address of cinema from television 's attention to the individual , established a line of attack that was to be much used later .

Glancing up at her uneasily and then back to the document in front of him he read that Nora Elizabeth Fanshawe , by profession a teacher , had been born in London in 1945 , had black hair , brown eyes and was five feet nine inches tall with no distinguishing marks .
glancing up at her uneasily and then back to the document in front of him he read that nora elizabeth fanshawe , by profession a teacher , had been born in london in 1945 , had black hair , brown eyes and was five feet nine inches tall with no [differentiating] marks .

One of the conditions for ascribing to oneself experiences of a mind-independent reality , Kant argued , was that we should be capable of distinguishing between those sequences of perceptions ( if you like , ‘ representations delivered up by the input systems ’ ) which are determined by the movement of objects and those which are determined by our own movements .
one of the conditions for ascribing to oneself experiences of a mind-independent reality , kant argued , was that we should be capable of [differentiating] between those sequences of perceptions ( if you like , ‘ representations delivered up by the input systems ’ ) which are determined by the movement of objects and those which are determined by our own movements .

This discomfort on passing urine can be related directly to the gonococcal infection , but again like the vaginal discharge , there are no distinguishing features to give clues that the gonococcus is responsible .
this discomfort on passing urine can be related directly to the gonococcal infection , but again like the vaginal discharge , there are no [differentiating] features to give clues that the gonococcus is responsible .

This is unlikely to produce anything more than a slight increase in vaginal discharge which has no particular distinguishing features .
this is unlikely to produce anything more than a slight increase in vaginal discharge which has no particular [differentiating] features .

Richard Rogers has adopted a high-tech approach , carefully distinguishing between the old work and the new .
richard rogers has adopted a high-tech approach , carefully [differentiating] between the old work and the new .

William James , in his study Varieties of Religious Experience , discussed the effects on consciousness of alcohol and of anaesthetics , including nitrous oxide , without distinguishing sharply between ‘ naturally occurring ’ and man-made substances .
william james , in his study varieties of religious experience , discussed the effects on consciousness of alcohol and of anaesthetics , including nitrous oxide , without [differentiating] sharply between ‘ naturally occurring ’ and man-made substances .

for instance , ‘ it does not need an exceptionally vivid imagination to realise the extent to which people of different ages would become obsessed by the discrepancies arising in a society in which age was the only distinguishing feature ’ .
for instance , ‘ it does not need an exceptionally vivid imagination to realise the extent to which people of different ages would become obsessed by the discrepancies arising in a society in which age was the only [differentiating] feature ’ .

If students in the 1990s have difficulty in distinguishing all the political parties and coalitions that sprang up in Petrograd after the February Revolution , how could a peasant in 1917 be expected to assimilate them in the place of the Tsar , who at least represented a more easily understood form of political authority ?
if students in the 1990s have difficulty in [differentiating] all the political parties and coalitions that sprang up in petrograd after the february revolution , how could a peasant in 1917 be expected to assimilate them in the place of the tsar , who at least represented a more easily understood form of political authority ?

In fact , although there are both surreal and baroque elements in his work , Gironella prefers to call it mestizo ’ , a term which has often had negative , racist overtones but which has been acclaimed in this century , especially in Mexico , as a positive value , indeed the distinguishing feature of Mexican culture : the rich and fruitful mixture of the European with the indigenous American .
in fact , although there are both surreal and baroque elements in his work , gironella prefers to call it mestizo ’ , a term which has often had negative , racist overtones but which has been acclaimed in this century , especially in mexico , as a positive value , indeed the [differentiating] feature of mexican culture : the rich and fruitful mixture of the european with the indigenous american .

Disgust at cruel sports came to be a distinguishing feature of British life .
disgust at cruel sports came to be a [differentiating] feature of british life .

The difference to which he was drawing our attention , therefore , remains a fundamental one between the types of society Marx was distinguishing by this means .
the difference to which he was drawing our attention , therefore , remains a fundamental one between the types of society marx was [differentiating] by this means .

But the distinguishing feature of those films ( even if they can not quite be credited with inventing the conceit ) was what might be called their sense of the inverted anachronism .
but the [differentiating] feature of those films ( even if they can not quite be credited with inventing the conceit ) was what might be called their sense of the inverted anachronism .

Clearly , it can not be a comprehensive dictionary of every word used in science , but the editors have shrewdly picked those likely to cause problems or confusion — distinguishing Zygomycetes from Zygomycotina , for instance , or helping to spell Richard Adolf Zsigmondy 's name , or reminding how many letters are doubled in old-fashioned arsenurretted hydrogen .
clearly , it can not be a comprehensive dictionary of every word used in science , but the editors have shrewdly picked those likely to cause problems or confusion — [differentiating] zygomycetes from zygomycotina , for instance , or helping to spell richard adolf zsigmondy 's name , or reminding how many letters are doubled in old-fashioned arsenurretted hydrogen .

Miller had told Richardson that he hoped to correspond with Dr Alston , King 's Professor of Botany in Edinburgh … ‘ a man of learning and has good skill in distinguishing plants and a great share of modesty ’ .
miller had told richardson that he hoped to correspond with dr alston , king 's professor of botany in edinburgh … ‘ a man of learning and has good skill in [differentiating] plants and a great share of modesty ’ .

The last and incomplete letter from Miller in the Darlington collection , dated 10 November 1769 , carried a wish for plants from Bartram 's garden , because he believed there to be new genera amongst them , but specimens had been ‘ so much compressed as to render the distinguishing characters very doubtful ’ .
the last and incomplete letter from miller in the darlington collection , dated 10 november 1769 , carried a wish for plants from bartram 's garden , because he believed there to be new genera amongst them , but specimens had been ‘ so much compressed as to render the [differentiating] characters very doubtful ’ .

It is worth distinguishing between the management power structure and the general production structure , because what we have got increasingly are quite a lot of women at the professional level , working in individual production teams , as producers and directors of individual series or individual programmes .
it is worth [differentiating] between the management power structure and the general production structure , because what we have got increasingly are quite a lot of women at the professional level , working in individual production teams , as producers and directors of individual series or individual programmes .

If the point of distinguishing murder from manslaughter is to mark out the most heinous group of killings for the extra stigma of a murder conviction , it can be argued that the ‘ grievous bodily harm ’ rule draws the line too low .
if the point of [differentiating] murder from manslaughter is to mark out the most heinous group of killings for the extra stigma of a murder conviction , it can be argued that the ‘ grievous bodily harm ’ rule draws the line too low .

The reason for distinguishing between murder and manslaughter must be to identify and to label the most heinous killings as murder , and it has been questioned whether English law succeeds in this .
the reason for [differentiating] between murder and manslaughter must be to identify and to label the most heinous killings as murder , and it has been questioned whether english law succeeds in this .

In its review of sexual offences the Criminal Law Revision Committee argued in favour of preserving the existing classification , on the basis that rape has a settled popular meaning and that the distinguishing feature of ‘ conventional ’ rape is the risk of pregnancy .
in its review of sexual offences the criminal law revision committee argued in favour of preserving the existing classification , on the basis that rape has a settled popular meaning and that the [differentiating] feature of ‘ conventional ’ rape is the risk of pregnancy .

It also throws light on the guilt-feeling associated with sex , which is a distinguishing mark of nineteenth century morality .
it also throws light on the guilt-feeling associated with sex , which is a [differentiating] mark of nineteenth century morality .

But before this both centres produced very similar ranges of designs and there are considerable difficulties in distinguishing on stylistic grounds alone between late Malaga and early Valencia lustre pottery .
but before this both centres produced very similar ranges of designs and there are considerable difficulties in [differentiating] on stylistic grounds alone between late malaga and early valencia lustre pottery .

7.8 ) ; distinguishing between the different calendar possibilities can not then be achieved by radiocarbon alone .
7.8 ) ; [differentiating] between the different calendar possibilities can not then be achieved by radiocarbon alone .

In many authenticity studies there is rarely a problem in distinguishing very recent from ancient .
in many authenticity studies there is rarely a problem in [differentiating] very recent from ancient .

Where problems can arise is in distinguishing between possible dates in the last few centuries , but prior to the bomb effect .
where problems can arise is in [differentiating] between possible dates in the last few centuries , but prior to the bomb effect .

Each work extends the ‘ augury ’ of Finnegans Wake : each work is a postmodernist paradigm , a prophecy of the self-reflexive foregrounding of language and fiction-making which has become a central , distinguishing characteristic of postmodernism .
each work extends the ‘ augury ’ of finnegans wake : each work is a postmodernist paradigm , a prophecy of the self-reflexive foregrounding of language and fiction-making which has become a central , [differentiating] characteristic of postmodernism .

The most obvious distinguishing feature of the experiment by Hall and Honey is that an appetitive reinforcer was used rather than the electric shock of the conditioned suppression procedure .
the most obvious [differentiating] feature of the experiment by hall and honey is that an appetitive reinforcer was used rather than the electric shock of the conditioned suppression procedure .

One of the marvels of Crime and Punishment is its clear distinguishing , untainted by clinical knowingness , of Svidrigailov 's and Raskolnikov 's ways of being ( as the saying is ) not with us .
one of the marvels of crime and punishment is its clear [differentiating] , untainted by clinical knowingness , of svidrigailov 's and raskolnikov 's ways of being ( as the saying is ) not with us .

Another escape hatch that Olson slams shut upon us is the device of distinguishing between Pound-the-man and Pound-the-poet .
another escape hatch that olson slams shut upon us is the device of [differentiating] between pound-the-man and pound-the-poet .

The above examples demonstrate what can be done if a ballet is to communicate meaning beyond that of distinguishing between the world of the flesh and that of the spirit .
the above examples demonstrate what can be done if a ballet is to communicate meaning beyond that of [differentiating] between the world of the flesh and that of the spirit .

He made his design choreographically viable by distinguishing clearly between the two styles he was using .
he made his design choreographically viable by [differentiating] clearly between the two styles he was using .

His distinguishing marks were a duelling scar across his hand , and also a deformed thumb that had been broken and badly reset ; it gave the impression of a parrot 's bill .
his [differentiating] marks were a duelling scar across his hand , and also a deformed thumb that had been broken and badly reset ; it gave the impression of a parrot 's bill .

( iv ) If they use a computer spelling checker , they should learn about its limitations , for example in not distinguishing homophones , eg fair , fare , or different parts of speech , eg their , there .
( iv ) if they use a computer spelling checker , they should learn about its limitations , for example in not [differentiating] homophones , eg fair , fare , or different parts of speech , eg their , there .

This leads directly to the second distinguishing feature of the example .
this leads directly to the second [differentiating] feature of the example .

East of the Ribblehead railway viaduct and almost in its evening shadow is the desolate moorland of Batty Green , an inhospitable tract of rough ground without distinguishing landmarks and apparently devoid of interest except to grazing sheep , with nothing to earn a second glance by motorists on the Ingleton — Hawes road alongside .
east of the ribblehead railway viaduct and almost in its evening shadow is the desolate moorland of batty green , an inhospitable tract of rough ground without [differentiating] landmarks and apparently devoid of interest except to grazing sheep , with nothing to earn a second glance by motorists on the ingleton — hawes road alongside .

Antibodies provide highly discriminating probes for distinguishing cells which contain any of the many different molecules against which the antibodies can now be made .
antibodies provide highly discriminating probes for [differentiating] cells which contain any of the many different molecules against which the antibodies can now be made .

It is generally accepted that during the period of the First Crusade knights began to wear distinguishing marks of one kind or another .
it is generally accepted that during the period of the first crusade knights began to wear [differentiating] marks of one kind or another .

( Lays de Partida ) These distinguishing devices developed in time into the system we now know as heraldry .
( lays de partida ) these [differentiating] devices developed in time into the system we now know as heraldry .

Vesuvian ( or sub-Plinian ) eruptions are one step further on from Vulcanian , their principal distinguishing feature being that rather than intermittent explosions there is a fairly sustained blast of escaping gas from the throat of the volcano , which carries the cauliflower cloud of ash much higher into the air .
vesuvian ( or sub-plinian ) eruptions are one step further on from vulcanian , their principal [differentiating] feature being that rather than intermittent explosions there is a fairly sustained blast of escaping gas from the throat of the volcano , which carries the cauliflower cloud of ash much higher into the air .

His analysis began by distinguishing between the background factors which had created the potential for urban disorder in areas such as Brixton and the precipitating action or event which sparked off the riots .
his analysis began by [differentiating] between the background factors which had created the potential for urban disorder in areas such as brixton and the precipitating action or event which sparked off the riots .

The professional were not much better than the amateurs at distinguishing the irons but were better than the amateurs at spotting the shaft differences between the woods .
the professional were not much better than the amateurs at [differentiating] the irons but were better than the amateurs at spotting the shaft differences between the woods .

Yet Chapman saw that the future of English football ultimately depended on the young , and he was particularly concerned to win youngsters over to soccer and away from rugby , a concern heightened by the fact that his two sow , Ken and Bruce , were distinguishing themselves in the rugby code .
yet chapman saw that the future of english football ultimately depended on the young , and he was particularly concerned to win youngsters over to soccer and away from rugby , a concern heightened by the fact that his two sow , ken and bruce , were [differentiating] themselves in the rugby code .

Corduroy trousers , a bell , and a ‘ fantail ’ hat with a flap covering the shoulders , were the distinguishing marks of the refuse collector .
corduroy trousers , a bell , and a ‘ fantail ’ hat with a flap covering the shoulders , were the [differentiating] marks of the refuse collector .

From now on this distinction was central to distinguishing between legacies and trusts ; and it is the one that finds its way into Isidore 's book of etymologies .
from now on this distinction was central to [differentiating] between legacies and trusts ; and it is the one that finds its way into isidore 's book of etymologies .

The position was illogical , both because classical law had allowed many wordings which were far from precatory , and because the simplest way of distinguishing civil-law institutions was to see whether they used the proper wording .
the position was illogical , both because classical law had allowed many wordings which were far from precatory , and because the simplest way of [differentiating] civil-law institutions was to see whether they used the proper wording .

These are big differences , and if confirmed would indicate that bone breakage could be a powerful tool in distinguishing between predator assemblages .
these are big differences , and if confirmed would indicate that bone breakage could be a powerful tool in [differentiating] between predator assemblages .

Some of the types of modification that are most useful in distinguishing prey assemblages of living predators are obscured by these later modifications , and consequently some of these potentially useful modification categories have been omitted from consideration .
some of the types of modification that are most useful in [differentiating] prey assemblages of living predators are obscured by these later modifications , and consequently some of these potentially useful modification categories have been omitted from consideration .

There are some characteristics that are helpful in distinguishing a mere group from a team . Here are eight hallmarks of a team :
there are some characteristics that are helpful in [differentiating] a mere group from a team . here are eight hallmarks of a team :

Corporatist politics are sometimes marked at the local level , and Cawson himself ( 1985b ) recognizes this by distinguishing a whole category of ‘ local corporatism ’ .
corporatist politics are sometimes marked at the local level , and cawson himself ( 1985b ) recognizes this by [differentiating] a whole category of ‘ local corporatism ’ .

But the striking and distinguishing feature of organisms is organisation without such simple spatial regularity .
but the striking and [differentiating] feature of organisms is organisation without such simple spatial regularity .

The main snag with binaural stereo , apart from the inconvenience of listening through headphones , is the difficulty of distinguishing front from rear sound , and getting a clear feeling of height .
the main snag with binaural stereo , apart from the inconvenience of listening through headphones , is the difficulty of [differentiating] front from rear sound , and getting a clear feeling of height .

Distinguishing some children 's books as ‘ classics ’ does serve one valuable purpose : it is the recognition that they are works of merit in their own right .
[differentiating] some children 's books as ‘ classics ’ does serve one valuable purpose : it is the recognition that they are works of merit in their own right .

Emitting clicks containing between 20 and 230 pulses per second , and lasting from around one to five seconds , they are capable of distinguishing different sizes of fish to an accuracy of a few millimetres .
emitting clicks containing between 20 and 230 pulses per second , and lasting from around one to five seconds , they are capable of [differentiating] different sizes of fish to an accuracy of a few millimetres .

Pessimism is her distinguishing trait : she worries about many aspects of her work .
pessimism is her [differentiating] trait : she worries about many aspects of her work .

Discrimination learning is especially important for nursing practice as nurses are constantly faced with distinguishing between one set of conditions and another in the form of signs and symptoms , in the form of differences in kinds of equipment and their use , and in the form of differences in patients ' problems and needs .
discrimination learning is especially important for nursing practice as nurses are constantly faced with [differentiating] between one set of conditions and another in the form of signs and symptoms , in the form of differences in kinds of equipment and their use , and in the form of differences in patients ' problems and needs .

In defining and distinguishing crime and deviance we have referred to rules , laws and norms , and to behaviour which does not follow them .
in defining and [differentiating] crime and deviance we have referred to rules , laws and norms , and to behaviour which does not follow them .

The major problem faced by theories suggesting a link between genetic make-up and criminal behaviour is the difficulty of distinguishing between genetic and environmental effects .
the major problem faced by theories suggesting a link between genetic make-up and criminal behaviour is the difficulty of [differentiating] between genetic and environmental effects .

One of the distinguishing features of modern international banking is its cross-border banking aspect .
one of the [differentiating] features of modern international banking is its cross-border banking aspect .

For example , there is evidence to suggest that the ordinary child ( as opposed to the already emotionally disturbed child ) is perfectly capable of distinguishing reality from fantasy situations .
for example , there is evidence to suggest that the ordinary child ( as opposed to the already emotionally disturbed child ) is perfectly capable of [differentiating] reality from fantasy situations .

( 1983 ) in distinguishing public ( or what we might call societal ) hazards from private ( individual ) ones .
( 1983 ) in [differentiating] public ( or what we might call societal ) hazards from private ( individual ) ones .

The distinguishing feature of such high performers is not their success in shaving off labor costs in the assembly room ; it is their effort in changing basic aspects of the way they manage their enterprises .
the [differentiating] feature of such high performers is not their success in shaving off labor costs in the assembly room ; it is their effort in changing basic aspects of the way they manage their enterprises .

The distinguishing feature of Paredes ’ s scholarship has been his humanistic approach to conducting research .
the [differentiating] feature of paredes ’ s scholarship has been his humanistic approach to conducting research .

Richard Palmer , a physicist at Duke University and the Santa Fe Institute , has commented to me that physics is used to distinguishing the initial and boundary conditions from the “ laws. ” In the evolution of a biosphere , the emergence of systems such as the genetic code and meiosis seems rather like the emergence of new laws .
richard palmer , a physicist at duke university and the santa fe institute , has commented to me that physics is used to [differentiating] the initial and boundary conditions from the “ laws. ” in the evolution of a biosphere , the emergence of systems such as the genetic code and meiosis seems rather like the emergence of new laws .

Côte d ’ Azur When the British invented this playground in the 19th century , they called it the French Riviera , distinguishing it from the Italian one that begins round the corner at Ventimiglia .
côte d ’ azur when the british invented this playground in the 19th century , they called it the french riviera , [differentiating] it from the italian one that begins round the corner at ventimiglia .

Shopping in Venice One of the great adventures here is separating the treasure-house from the tourist trap , distinguishing priceless gems from pricey junk .
shopping in venice one of the great adventures here is separating the treasure-house from the tourist trap , [differentiating] priceless gems from pricey junk .

To begin the Roman route , take any number of city buses north to the so-called Military Amphitheatre ( Katonai Amﬁteátrum ) , thus distinguishing it from a smaller one a short distance farther north .
to begin the roman route , take any number of city buses north to the so-called military amphitheatre ( katonai amﬁteátrum ) , thus [differentiating] it from a smaller one a short distance farther north .

Distinguishing between organizational policies and guidelines provided several benefits .
[differentiating] between organizational policies and guidelines provided several benefits .

A distinguishing mark of a profession is acceptance of its responsibility to the public .
a [differentiating] mark of a profession is acceptance of its responsibility to the public .

Distinguishing between organizational policies and guidelines provided several benefits .
[differentiating] between organizational policies and guidelines provided several benefits .

Data Collection We have said that the features distinguishing case studies from other methods are how sites are selected , how the data are collected , and how they are analyzed .
data collection we have said that the features [differentiating] case studies from other methods are how sites are selected , how the data are collected , and how they are analyzed .

Still another distinguishing feature of case studies , according to some researchers , is a nonstatistical approach to data analysis .
still another [differentiating] feature of case studies , according to some researchers , is a nonstatistical approach to data analysis .

The only conceivable argument that can be made for distinguishing Rust is that there even patients who wished to receive abortion counseling could receive the nonabortion services that the Government-funded clinic offered , whereas here some potential LSC clients who wish to receive representation on a benefits claim that does not challenge the statutes will be unable to do so because their cases raise a reform claim that an LSC lawyer may not present .
the only conceivable argument that can be made for [differentiating] rust is that there even patients who wished to receive abortion counseling could receive the nonabortion services that the government-funded clinic offered , whereas here some potential lsc clients who wish to receive representation on a benefits claim that does not challenge the statutes will be unable to do so because their cases raise a reform claim that an lsc lawyer may not present .

At the time , Clarke was aware of the problem of distinguishing between an intelligence case and a law enforcement case .
at the time , clarke was aware of the problem of [differentiating] between an intelligence case and a law enforcement case .

Distinguishing between options 2 and 3 , however , depends to a large extent on the delicate balance between the two proteolytic activities associated with the proteasome : proteolysis and deubiquitination ( Figure 2 ) .
[differentiating] between options 2 and 3 , however , depends to a large extent on the delicate balance between the two proteolytic activities associated with the proteasome : proteolysis and deubiquitination ( figure 2 ) .

Members of a gene family that share a common ancestor as a result of a duplication event are denoted as being paralogous , distinguishing them from orthologous genes in different genomes , which share a common ancestor as a result of a speciation event .
members of a gene family that share a common ancestor as a result of a duplication event are denoted as being paralogous , [differentiating] them from orthologous genes in different genomes , which share a common ancestor as a result of a speciation event .

These measures provide no mechanism for distinguishing between the addled physician who inappropriately orders every test that springs to mind , and the reflective physician who is trying to get to the bottom of a patient 's complaint , rather than simply throw a Band-Aid over the symptoms [ 4 ] .
these measures provide no mechanism for [differentiating] between the addled physician who inappropriately orders every test that springs to mind , and the reflective physician who is trying to get to the bottom of a patient 's complaint , rather than simply throw a band-aid over the symptoms [ 4 ] .

In particular , one important unresolved issue in the burgeoning literature on lifecourse analysis of health concerns how well early life social circumstances are measured , since this these data are essential for distinguishing between the influence of early life and adult conditions on adult health status [ 8,9 ] .
in particular , one important unresolved issue in the burgeoning literature on lifecourse analysis of health concerns how well early life social circumstances are measured , since this these data are essential for [differentiating] between the influence of early life and adult conditions on adult health status [ 8,9 ] .

Observing the overabundance of potential selective scenarios for why language evolved , the linguist Derek Bickerton voices his scepticism : ‘ The fact that these and similar explanations flourish side by side tells one immediately not enough constraints are being used to limit possible explanations. ’ One frequent source of confusion , he notes , is equating language with speech by not distinguishing between modality , lexicon , and structure .
observing the overabundance of potential selective scenarios for why language evolved , the linguist derek bickerton voices his scepticism : ‘ the fact that these and similar explanations flourish side by side tells one immediately not enough constraints are being used to limit possible explanations. ’ one frequent source of confusion , he notes , is equating language with speech by not [differentiating] between modality , lexicon , and structure .

The ending theories identify ages with distinguishing features that have come to an end or will come to an end and will not recur .
the ending theories identify ages with [differentiating] features that have come to an end or will come to an end and will not recur .

The distinguishing features may be dominance by one nation , the prevalence of a particular social system , or the pervasiveness of a certain technology .
the [differentiating] features may be dominance by one nation , the prevalence of a particular social system , or the pervasiveness of a certain technology .

The As may be of quite different lengths from each other , and so may the Bs and Cs , and they may have their distinguishing features to different degrees .
the as may be of quite different lengths from each other , and so may the bs and cs , and they may have their [differentiating] features to different degrees .

On the other hand , inflated grades do a super job of distinguishing among fine gradations of weakness .
on the other hand , inflated grades do a super job of [differentiating] among fine gradations of weakness .

While this unscientific survey is the Web 's version of the just-for-fun 900-number telephone polls , there 's concern among researchers that the public has trouble distinguishing one poll from another on the Web .
while this unscientific survey is the web 's version of the just-for-fun 900-number telephone polls , there 's concern among researchers that the public has trouble [differentiating] one poll from another on the web .

The New Northwest 's distinguishing feature is n't rain or money or coffee .
the new northwest 's [differentiating] feature is n't rain or money or coffee .

The media lauded Bush 's speech for its boldness , citing the `` contrasts '' he drew with President Clinton while `` appealing to a different kind of audience from the one that had elected his father '' and `` distinguishing himself from the rest of the crowded Republican field . ''
the media lauded bush 's speech for its boldness , citing the `` contrasts '' he drew with president clinton while `` appealing to a different kind of audience from the one that had elected his father '' and `` [differentiating] himself from the rest of the crowded republican field . ''

That 's why he opened his news conference not by distinguishing arms control as a transcendent responsibility but by lumping it together with budget politics : `` In recent days , members of the congressional majority have displayed a reckless partisanship .
that 's why he opened his news conference not by [differentiating] arms control as a transcendent responsibility but by lumping it together with budget politics : `` in recent days , members of the congressional majority have displayed a reckless partisanship .

What 's remarkable about the Lojack research is that it does do a careful job of distinguishing among the analogues of Hypotheses 1 , 2 , and 3 .
what 's remarkable about the lojack research is that it does do a careful job of [differentiating] among the analogues of hypotheses 1 , 2 , and 3 .

This is the condition that causes the penis to bend at an unusual angle ; for a time it was reported that this was the `` distinguishing characteristic '' of Clinton 's sex organ that Paula Jones was going to reveal .
this is the condition that causes the penis to bend at an unusual angle ; for a time it was reported that this was the `` [differentiating] characteristic '' of clinton 's sex organ that paula jones was going to reveal .

Apparently , in Culturebox 's eyes , if `` we imagine ourselves to be '' rational , sensible creatures capable of distinguishing between biological drives and moral imperatives , it wo n't help us one bit -- we 'll still be compelled by our natures to view objective descriptions of those drives as moral justifications for giving in to them .
apparently , in culturebox 's eyes , if `` we imagine ourselves to be '' rational , sensible creatures capable of [differentiating] between biological drives and moral imperatives , it wo n't help us one bit -- we 'll still be compelled by our natures to view objective descriptions of those drives as moral justifications for giving in to them .

Set aside the complete foolishness of distinguishing between `` near-term buy '' and `` accumulate '' ( how , again , am I supposed to accumulate shares if I do n't buy them ?
set aside the complete foolishness of [differentiating] between `` near-term buy '' and `` accumulate '' ( how , again , am i supposed to accumulate shares if i do n't buy them ?

U.S. News ' Paula Jones scoop : Her lawyers have stashed three copies of her affidavit about Clinton 's `` distinguishing characteristics '' in hiding places around the country .
u.s. news ' paula jones scoop : her lawyers have stashed three copies of her affidavit about clinton 's `` [differentiating] characteristics '' in hiding places around the country .

He has trouble distinguishing between his fictions and his real life , doing his best to manipulate both , and he 's hard to warm to .
he has trouble [differentiating] between his fictions and his real life , doing his best to manipulate both , and he 's hard to warm to .

As I suggested on Monday , this kind of divergence is a good and comforting thing , since it suggests investors are distinguishing between companies rather than throwing them all into one big buy-or-sell pot .
as i suggested on monday , this kind of divergence is a good and comforting thing , since it suggests investors are [differentiating] between companies rather than throwing them all into one big buy-or-sell pot .

Distinguishing between the two markets undermines Microsoft 's thesis that IE and Windows are `` integrated . ''
[differentiating] between the two markets undermines microsoft 's thesis that ie and windows are `` integrated . ''

Birch , unlike Clinton , had to give a principled answer -- '' uh , yes '' -- at which point Will and Bennett dragged her through the sordid exercise of distinguishing gay marriage from polygamy and incest .
birch , unlike clinton , had to give a principled answer -- '' uh , yes '' -- at which point will and bennett dragged her through the sordid exercise of [differentiating] gay marriage from polygamy and incest .

The Lojack research is in many ways more informative , because the authors were able to do a thorough job of distinguishing between benefits to the purchaser of a Lojack and benefits to the community at large .
the lojack research is in many ways more informative , because the authors were able to do a thorough job of [differentiating] between benefits to the purchaser of a lojack and benefits to the community at large .

Ballentine recalls that Jones also told her that day about the mysterious so-called `` distinguishing mark '' that Jones ' complaint says she saw on Clinton , and on which Jones ' lawyers say they are relying to corroborate her account .
ballentine recalls that jones also told her that day about the mysterious so-called `` [differentiating] mark '' that jones ' complaint says she saw on clinton , and on which jones ' lawyers say they are relying to corroborate her account .

The question is why this practice does not completely displace that of distinguishing between men 's clothes and women 's . )
the question is why this practice does not completely displace that of [differentiating] between men 's clothes and women 's . )

Distinguishing betweeen the two is the most important thing Alan Greenspan can do right now .
[differentiating] betweeen the two is the most important thing alan greenspan can do right now .

Films stay in theaters for less time than ever before ; therefore , more films have to be made ; and therefore , more money has to be spent distinguishing one film from another .
films stay in theaters for less time than ever before ; therefore , more films have to be made ; and therefore , more money has to be spent [differentiating] one film from another .

These words came as quite a shock to those of us who have spent the past year and a half trying to develop , on behalf of the Microsoft Corp. , a magazine whose distinguishing characteristic is that it does not come in the mail .
these words came as quite a shock to those of us who have spent the past year and a half trying to develop , on behalf of the microsoft corp. , a magazine whose [differentiating] characteristic is that it does not come in the mail .

Future offerings will include tables of contents sorted alphabetically ( by title , by author , by opening sentence ) , by author 's height ( or religion or preference in beers ) , by the editor 's confidential opinion of the article 's merits , by Bill Gates ' opinion of the article 's merits , by the amount the author was paid , and by the number of appearances of the phrase `` irrational exuberance '' or `` distinguishing characteristic . ''
future offerings will include tables of contents sorted alphabetically ( by title , by author , by opening sentence ) , by author 's height ( or religion or preference in beers ) , by the editor 's confidential opinion of the article 's merits , by bill gates ' opinion of the article 's merits , by the amount the author was paid , and by the number of appearances of the phrase `` irrational exuberance '' or `` [differentiating] characteristic . ''

I would take issue with the analysis of [ ACTIVE ONLY , ACTIVE/PASSIVE , ] and [ PASSIVE ONLY ] constructions , if only because one of the nastiest areas of grammatical analysis of English lies in distinguishing between passives -- that is , past participles -- and adjectives .
i would take issue with the analysis of [ active only , active/passive , ] and [ passive only ] constructions , if only because one of the nastiest areas of grammatical analysis of english lies in [differentiating] between passives -- that is , past participles -- and adjectives .

Thus , distinguishing epithets like colonial , native , wild , black , brown , green , and gray qualify names of common Old World species like apple , ash , oak , and pine to build a considerable and understandable vocabulary .
thus , [differentiating] epithets like colonial , native , wild , black , brown , green , and gray qualify names of common old world species like apple , ash , oak , and pine to build a considerable and understandable vocabulary .

Speech and writing , as inextricably joined as a paper 's two surfaces , are different forms of the same , singular phenomenon distinguishing humans from all other creatures on earth .
speech and writing , as inextricably joined as a paper 's two surfaces , are different forms of the same , singular phenomenon [differentiating] humans from all other creatures on earth .

Even a partial list reveals the problems of distinguishing between , say , organic brain damage and cerebral dysfunction , though , as is often the case in such naming , the choice of words reflects the bias .
even a partial list reveals the problems of [differentiating] between , say , organic brain damage and cerebral dysfunction , though , as is often the case in such naming , the choice of words reflects the bias .

New bureaucratic functionaries now had to keep track of individuals they might never meet , and they ( and other name-givers , such as priests and other local worthies ) followed a few simple rules for distinguishing one Giovanni from another .
new bureaucratic functionaries now had to keep track of individuals they might never meet , and they ( and other name-givers , such as priests and other local worthies ) followed a few simple rules for [differentiating] one giovanni from another .

It would be more accurate to say that the terms are explained , rather than defined ; opinions are given , techniques are discussed ( carefully distinguishing between dry fly-fishing and wet ) , and the style is easy .
it would be more accurate to say that the terms are explained , rather than defined ; opinions are given , techniques are discussed ( carefully [differentiating] between dry fly-fishing and wet ) , and the style is easy .

There he can take his pick of universities in which to begin undoing the damage of gerundial clauses that take an accusative ( “ We appreciate you coming ... ” ) ; anarchically “ creative ” spelling ( no modern journalist seems capable of distinguishing between “ phase ” and “ faze , ” let alone spelling words like “ internecine ” -- “ internascene ” ? !
there he can take his pick of universities in which to begin undoing the damage of gerundial clauses that take an accusative ( “ we appreciate you coming ... ” ) ; anarchically “ creative ” spelling ( no modern journalist seems capable of [differentiating] between “ phase ” and “ faze , ” let alone spelling words like “ internecine ” -- “ internascene ” ? !

