Natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain , under a bill by Sen. Frank Owen 3 , of El Paso , to acquire sites for underground storage reservoirs for gas .
natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent [area] , under a bill by sen. frank owen 3 , of el paso , to acquire sites for underground storage reservoirs for gas .

Latter domain , under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish , stuffed shrimp .
latter [area] , under the guidance of chef tom yokel , will specialize in steaks , chops , chicken and prime beef as well as tom's favorite dish , stuffed shrimp .

Until 1924 O'Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic .
until 1924 o'banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his north side [area] solidly democratic .

His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when Sibylla's domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors .
his sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when sibylla's [area] is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected suitors .

In this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local , national , and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect , large or small , upon Gentile-Jewish relations .
in this [area] the simple fact of coexistence in the same local , national , and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect , large or small , upon gentile-jewish relations .

In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .
in addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite [area] .

The difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive domain .
the difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among sovereigns , this was by no means its exclusive [area] .

Beyond this , philosophy may urge the social sciences forward by asking the type of question that falls outside the present scope of social inquiry , but within its potential domain of relevance .
beyond this , philosophy may urge the social sciences forward by asking the type of question that falls outside the present scope of social inquiry , but within its potential [area] of relevance .

Combellack argues further , and here he makes his main point , that once The Iliad and The Odyssey are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry , Homeric critics are deprived of an entire domain they previously found arable .
combellack argues further , and here he makes his main point , that once the iliad and the odyssey are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry , homeric critics are deprived of an entire [area] they previously found arable .

The POU-specific domain is underlined and the POU-homeodomain is double underlined .
the pou-specific [area] is underlined and the pou-homeodomain is double underlined .

But these are allegorical landscapes , rich in symbolism relating not only to the public domain of universally recognised codes but also to the artist 's personal mythologies . So the work raises questions of accessibility , and although Braham is keen to help decipher it , should art 's meaning ultimately depend on personal contact with the artist ?
but these are allegorical landscapes , rich in symbolism relating not only to the public [area] of universally recognised codes but also to the artist 's personal mythologies . so the work raises questions of accessibility , and although braham is keen to help decipher it , should art 's meaning ultimately depend on personal contact with the artist ?

She discovers Mellors ' domain where initially , although attracted to each other , their meeting are uneasy affairs .
she discovers mellors ' [area] where initially , although attracted to each other , their meeting are uneasy affairs .

‘ Now information that a school used to retain for its own purposes is becoming part of the public domain .
‘ now information that a school used to retain for its own purposes is becoming part of the public [area] .

‘ The women are occupying the cabin indefinitely to ensure that the plight of the pit remains in the public domain , ’ said a spokeswoman late last night .
‘ the women are occupying the cabin indefinitely to ensure that the plight of the pit remains in the public [area] , ’ said a spokeswoman late last night .

Puffing from the butt of a long gone joint , anticipating to squeeze the last speck , his hands blue from the cold icy wind as it runs in and out of his domain .
puffing from the butt of a long gone joint , anticipating to squeeze the last speck , his hands blue from the cold icy wind as it runs in and out of his [area] .

The turnover of individual government ministers responsible for setting objectives of state enterprises in their domain is even more rapid ( e.g .
the turnover of individual government ministers responsible for setting objectives of state enterprises in their [area] is even more rapid ( e.g .

Some now come with the option of automatic transmission , and a small number are even available with air conditioning — previously the exclusive domain of the ultimate petrol-engined executive express .
some now come with the option of automatic transmission , and a small number are even available with air conditioning — previously the exclusive [area] of the ultimate petrol-engined executive express .

Now Jenkins , with support from Age Concern , is spearheading a new organisation , Action On Elder Abuse , which aims to force the issue into the public domain .
now jenkins , with support from age concern , is spearheading a new organisation , action on elder abuse , which aims to force the issue into the public [area] .

Jenkins : Forcing elder abuse into the public domain
jenkins : forcing elder abuse into the public [area]

Indeed , although such characteristics are commonly thought to be the domain of animals and birds , the evidence shows that thermogenic regulation first occurred in the reptiles .
indeed , although such characteristics are commonly thought to be the [area] of animals and birds , the evidence shows that thermogenic regulation first occurred in the reptiles .

Lutyens 's ideal of an orderly life run by efficient , invisible servants is more than realised in this immaculately appointed domain .
lutyens 's ideal of an orderly life run by efficient , invisible servants is more than realised in this immaculately appointed [area] .

Experiential learning methods aim to develop that domain of knowledge by offering a range of experience through which the nurse can learn .
experiential learning methods aim to develop that [area] of knowledge by offering a range of experience through which the nurse can learn .

Semantic analysis may also be able to provide some feedback mechanism concerning the domain of the sentence so far .
semantic analysis may also be able to provide some feedback mechanism concerning the [area] of the sentence so far .

Semantic analysis may also help by identifying a domain code for content words .
semantic analysis may also help by identifying a [area] code for content words .

It is therefore better to reach some compromise , and perhaps use a word list tailored to the particular domain .
it is therefore better to reach some compromise , and perhaps use a word list tailored to the particular [area] .

It may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular domain of application .
it may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular [area] of application .

This information is useful for syntax , and semantics ( for example , a heading gives clues to the domain or content of following text ) .
this information is useful for syntax , and semantics ( for example , a heading gives clues to the [area] or content of following text ) .

The system should be tailored to a particular domain , as accuracy can be much greater in a restricted situation .
the system should be tailored to a particular [area] , as accuracy can be much greater in a restricted situation .

If , as is the case in most households , only one room can be spared for her , it will be greatly to everyone 's advantage if it is big enough to take her bed , wardrobe and dressing-table , and other necessary items of furniture plus two comfortable armchairs and a television set and radio , so that she can be on her own when she likes , with her favourite programmes ( which may not always be yours ) and able to entertain a friend in the privacy of her own small domain when she wants to , with familiar things around her which help her to preserve her identity and links with the past .
if , as is the case in most households , only one room can be spared for her , it will be greatly to everyone 's advantage if it is big enough to take her bed , wardrobe and dressing-table , and other necessary items of furniture plus two comfortable armchairs and a television set and radio , so that she can be on her own when she likes , with her favourite programmes ( which may not always be yours ) and able to entertain a friend in the privacy of her own small [area] when she wants to , with familiar things around her which help her to preserve her identity and links with the past .

Public Domain
public [area]

As a production of the Ministry of Town Planning much of its message clearly trespassed on the domain of the Ministry of Transport , so that it was scarcely surprising that some intractable transport problems were glossed over in the euphoria for a brave new world .
as a production of the ministry of town planning much of its message clearly trespassed on the [area] of the ministry of transport , so that it was scarcely surprising that some intractable transport problems were glossed over in the euphoria for a brave new world .

Many centuries ago the whole mountain range was the domain of the Dwarfs who cut vast cities and fortresses into the rock .
many centuries ago the whole mountain range was the [area] of the dwarfs who cut vast cities and fortresses into the rock .

Public domain
public [area]

People whose temperamental make-up seems similar to that underlying schizophrenia , continuous with it in the personality domain but without any obvious signs of psychotic illness .
people whose temperamental make-up seems similar to that underlying schizophrenia , continuous with it in the personality [area] but without any obvious signs of psychotic illness .

It is more likely that what connects creativity to madness is some aspect of the thought styles which psychotic and original forms of thinking have in common and which , in the psychiatric domain , can be observed across the arbitrary diagnostic categories of psychosis .
it is more likely that what connects creativity to madness is some aspect of the thought styles which psychotic and original forms of thinking have in common and which , in the psychiatric [area] , can be observed across the arbitrary diagnostic categories of psychosis .

As in the clinical domain , there seems to be a common theme of ‘ psychoticism ’ which nevertheless , in a given individual , will be revealed as a unique blend of several different constituent elements , each of which is continuous with some recognisable symptom pattern found in psychotic illness itself .
as in the clinical [area] , there seems to be a common theme of ‘ psychoticism ’ which nevertheless , in a given individual , will be revealed as a unique blend of several different constituent elements , each of which is continuous with some recognisable symptom pattern found in psychotic illness itself .

There are many comparable examples in the psychological sphere , as well as in the domain of physical disorder .
there are many comparable examples in the psychological sphere , as well as in the [area] of physical disorder .

Space domain iterative modelling of the regional gravity and aeromagnetic data in the East Grampians suggests that the major Younger Basic bodies and post-tectonic granites extend to maximum depths of about 4 and 8 kilometres respectively .
space [area] iterative modelling of the regional gravity and aeromagnetic data in the east grampians suggests that the major younger basic bodies and post-tectonic granites extend to maximum depths of about 4 and 8 kilometres respectively .

Restaurants , household and other personal services and less elegant public employments are all their conceded domain .
restaurants , household and other personal services and less elegant public employments are all their conceded [area] .

Until recently , there were only two questions in physics — the very small ( the sub-nuclear domain ) and the very large ( the Cosmos ) .
until recently , there were only two questions in physics — the very small ( the sub-nuclear [area] ) and the very large ( the cosmos ) .

What this disguises , however , is a bid by some scientists to seize the domain of religion .
what this disguises , however , is a bid by some scientists to seize the [area] of religion .

Moreover , in Britain such work was distinctive of white collar status , programming being the domain of planners and production engineers , while in Germany blue collar craft workers were used and there were instances of rotation between programming in the office and working on the shop floor .
moreover , in britain such work was distinctive of white collar status , programming being the [area] of planners and production engineers , while in germany blue collar craft workers were used and there were instances of rotation between programming in the office and working on the shop floor .

The place took on a magical quality for Lewis , who had towards it something of that feeling of the Grand Meaulnes for his lost domain .
the place took on a magical quality for lewis , who had towards it something of that feeling of the grand meaulnes for his lost [area] .

He had kissed her on the nose , and they had strolled around their small domain , debating what else they should do to the garden .
he had kissed her on the nose , and they had strolled around their small [area] , debating what else they should do to the garden .

Like many of those discussed in this book , Foucault endorses the ethico-political project of establishing forms of knowledge that do not simply turn the other into the same : as he put it in 1968 , he wishes to find another politics than that which ‘ since the beginning of the nineteenth century , stubbornly persists in seeing in the immense domain of practice only the epiphany of a triumphant reason , or in deciphering in it only the historico-transcendental destination of the West ’ .
like many of those discussed in this book , foucault endorses the ethico-political project of establishing forms of knowledge that do not simply turn the other into the same : as he put it in 1968 , he wishes to find another politics than that which ‘ since the beginning of the nineteenth century , stubbornly persists in seeing in the immense [area] of practice only the epiphany of a triumphant reason , or in deciphering in it only the historico-transcendental destination of the west ’ .

Was it correct to assume that women were invisible in the public domain because their interests as ‘ partners ’ in the family were adequately and fairly represented there by men ?
was it correct to assume that women were invisible in the public [area] because their interests as ‘ partners ’ in the family were adequately and fairly represented there by men ?

Marxist and other perspectives continued to use concepts derived from the public domain .
marxist and other perspectives continued to use concepts derived from the public [area] .

Under what circumstances can women be said to have a domain of their own ?
under what circumstances can women be said to have a [area] of their own ?

Nevertheless , while then as now there were important class differences among women , there was the potential for some women to exert indirect influence over the public domain from their power bases within the family ( as , for example , the wives , mothers , mistresses of powerful men ) .
nevertheless , while then as now there were important class differences among women , there was the potential for some women to exert indirect influence over the public [area] from their power bases within the family ( as , for example , the wives , mothers , mistresses of powerful men ) .

The rise of industrial capitalism and associated changes in political organisation involved a more complete separation of the public domain from the private domain of the family .
the rise of industrial capitalism and associated changes in political organisation involved a more complete separation of the public [area] from the private [area] of the family .

It was inevitable that women would lay claims to enter the public domain .
it was inevitable that women would lay claims to enter the public [area] .

In general , these early feminists accepted the broad contours of the family : women were seeking to enter the public domain without recognising the implications of the private domain for this process .
in general , these early feminists accepted the broad contours of the family : women were seeking to enter the public [area] without recognising the implications of the private [area] for this process .

It is only recently that feminists have come to realise how many other changes are needed if women are to share power with men and have recognised that the gender order must change , with men undertaking ‘ women 's work ’ as much as women entering the men 's public domain .
it is only recently that feminists have come to realise how many other changes are needed if women are to share power with men and have recognised that the gender order must change , with men undertaking ‘ women 's work ’ as much as women entering the men 's public [area] .

Entry to the public domain is therefore a difficult undertaking for women .
entry to the public [area] is therefore a difficult undertaking for women .

The Orcs found the Iron Rock when they overran the Worlds Edge Mountains , establishing their own domain over all the peaks between Mad Dog Pass and Fire Mountain .
the orcs found the iron rock when they overran the worlds edge mountains , establishing their own [area] over all the peaks between mad dog pass and fire mountain .

Perhaps he regained his old power in the Badlands and rebuilt his domain , or maybe he fell to the sword stroke of an ambitious young Orc Warboss before ever reaching the Iron Rock .
perhaps he regained his old power in the badlands and rebuilt his [area] , or maybe he fell to the sword stroke of an ambitious young orc warboss before ever reaching the iron rock .

The Forest Goblin tribes share their domain with a great variety of spiders .
the forest goblin tribes share their [area] with a great variety of spiders .

By conferring the status of unquestionable truth on some aspects of the parent 's relation to the infant , she narrows the domain within which the social can have effects .
by conferring the status of unquestionable truth on some aspects of the parent 's relation to the infant , she narrows the [area] within which the social can have effects .

Their visibility , achieved on account of the mass media , forces them into the public and political domain .
their visibility , achieved on account of the mass media , forces them into the public and political [area] .

to keep ‘ important ’ issues off the agenda£ fails to take into account the diversity of media — magazines , journals , books , radio — which allow for an enormous amount of information to find its way into the public domain .
to keep ‘ important ’ issues off the agenda£ fails to take into account the diversity of media — magazines , journals , books , radio — which allow for an enormous amount of information to find its way into the public [area] .

These observations on human language learning , coupled with evolutionary speculations make one realise just what a formidable accomplishment it would be if apes could be taught the use of a communication system remotely approximating a natural language in creativity , recursiveness , and the extreme conventionality revealed in such matters as reference to spatio-temporally remote items or counterfactual conditionalising or universal generalisation about an unsurveyed domain .
these observations on human language learning , coupled with evolutionary speculations make one realise just what a formidable accomplishment it would be if apes could be taught the use of a communication system remotely approximating a natural language in creativity , recursiveness , and the extreme conventionality revealed in such matters as reference to spatio-temporally remote items or counterfactual conditionalising or universal generalisation about an unsurveyed [area] .

Analogical representations , however , are understood or interpreted by matching the two structures concerned ( that is , of the representation itself and of the domain represented ) , and their associated inference-procedures , in a systematic way .
analogical representations , however , are understood or interpreted by matching the two structures concerned ( that is , of the representation itself and of the [area] represented ) , and their associated inference-procedures , in a systematic way .

He defends a position which denies that the properties of individuals are ever explanatory , and which therefore falls squarely into the domain of holism as this was outlined in Chapter iii .
he defends a position which denies that the properties of individuals are ever explanatory , and which therefore falls squarely into the [area] of holism as this was outlined in chapter iii .

It is a common perception that during the 1950s biology replaced physics as the most exciting domain of science .
it is a common perception that during the 1950s biology replaced physics as the most exciting [area] of science .

Chaos — the flipside of the universe , domain of the warp — spawned many vilenesses of the ilk of Thlyy'gzul'zhaell which sought to twist reality askew .
chaos — the flipside of the universe , [area] of the warp — spawned many vilenesses of the ilk of thlyy'gzul'zhaell which sought to twist reality askew .

What did the scavengers think of this intrusion into their domain by a rubbery multi-octopus ? The human crabs scuttled clear of its feelers .
what did the scavengers think of this intrusion into their [area] by a rubbery multi-octopus ? the human crabs scuttled clear of its feelers .

Aside from the pre-eminence of a governor 's own Astropath , Jaq had one further reason for visiting Lord Voronov-Vaux 's domain .
aside from the pre-eminence of a governor 's own astropath , jaq had one further reason for visiting lord voronov-vaux 's [area] .

Here was the domain which glued the Imperium together since ships could slip through it to distant stars within days — or months at most — instead of taking impossible thousands of years over such voyages .
here was the [area] which glued the imperium together since ships could slip through it to distant stars within days — or months at most — instead of taking impossible thousands of years over such voyages .

Perception , therefore , at least in the human domain , seems to involve being able to talk about what we see , hear , or smell , and thereby to entertain beliefs about its objects .
perception , therefore , at least in the human [area] , seems to involve being able to talk about what we see , hear , or smell , and thereby to entertain beliefs about its objects .

All Of the practical issues raised in this chapter have their expert domain .
all of the practical issues raised in this chapter have their expert [area] .

Flying low value goods to isolated communities — without the aid of government subsidy — is still the domain of the propliner because it is cheap to run .
flying low value goods to isolated communities — without the aid of government subsidy — is still the [area] of the propliner because it is cheap to run .

The child 's increasing mastery of grammar has proved to be the most attractive domain for test developers .
the child 's increasing mastery of grammar has proved to be the most attractive [area] for test developers .

It not only dared to enter the domain of philosophy by offering a critique of epistemology but also brought with it the heresy of relativism .
it not only dared to enter the [area] of philosophy by offering a critique of epistemology but also brought with it the heresy of relativism .

In trying to limit the domain of the sociology of knowledge , to keep it from intruding into philosophy and from making unjustifiable empirical claims , Hinshaw 's review suggests that its real concern is with pragmatics , ‘ the relationships of signs to their users ’ ( Hinshaw 1973 : 237 ) .
in trying to limit the [area] of the sociology of knowledge , to keep it from intruding into philosophy and from making unjustifiable empirical claims , hinshaw 's review suggests that its real concern is with pragmatics , ‘ the relationships of signs to their users ’ ( hinshaw 1973 : 237 ) .

But , according to Habermas , implicit within the form of communication are claims to validity at a number of levels : ‘ truth ’ ( representing facts ; referring to the extended world of nature ) , ‘ rightness ’ ( establishing legitimate interpersonal relations ; referring to our world of society ) , ‘ truthfulness ’ ( expression of the speaker 's subjectivity ) and ‘ comprehensibility ’ ( the domain of language ) .
but , according to habermas , implicit within the form of communication are claims to validity at a number of levels : ‘ truth ’ ( representing facts ; referring to the extended world of nature ) , ‘ rightness ’ ( establishing legitimate interpersonal relations ; referring to our world of society ) , ‘ truthfulness ’ ( expression of the speaker 's subjectivity ) and ‘ comprehensibility ’ ( the [area] of language ) .

Models of the domain
models of the [area]

The set of relevant link types will depend on the model of the domain to be conveyed .
the set of relevant link types will depend on the model of the [area] to be conveyed .

Before the album 's release will come a single , ‘ Your Loss My Gain ’ , that 's neither particularly immediate or commercial and so makes a surprising choice to re-establish him in the public domain .
before the album 's release will come a single , ‘ your loss my gain ’ , that 's neither particularly immediate or commercial and so makes a surprising choice to re-establish him in the public [area] .

They reproduce what we might call Harding 's ‘ Spanish village syndrome ’ or Carol Gilligan 's ‘ different voice ’ , constructing women to function best in the private domain and men in the public one .
they reproduce what we might call harding 's ‘ spanish village syndrome ’ or carol gilligan 's ‘ different voice ’ , constructing women to function best in the private [area] and men in the public one .

Its esoteric meaning is of the domain of the scholar rather than the layman — of the initiate rather than the priest .
its esoteric meaning is of the [area] of the scholar rather than the layman — of the initiate rather than the priest .

Reason alone insists that there has to exist a non-physical formative cause to provide an appropriate hypothesis , and in view of this realisation by visionaries in the domain of physics , bio-chemistry , biology , neuro science , etc .
reason alone insists that there has to exist a non-physical formative cause to provide an appropriate hypothesis , and in view of this realisation by visionaries in the [area] of physics , bio-chemistry , biology , neuro science , etc .

Culture , because it provides a set of meanings , can restrain social behaviour but it also refers to ‘ the domain of social experience in which people work out their understanding of the world ’ ( Hales , 1974 ) .
culture , because it provides a set of meanings , can restrain social behaviour but it also refers to ‘ the [area] of social experience in which people work out their understanding of the world ’ ( hales , 1974 ) .

Roebuck positioned and braced himself and at the precise moment drove his shoulder into Shelford 's midriff , stopped him instantaneously , before driving him into the Onewa Domain turf .
roebuck positioned and braced himself and at the precise moment drove his shoulder into shelford 's midriff , stopped him instantaneously , before driving him into the onewa [area] turf .

There was also the totally unexplored domain of colour , rearing in his mind as a great seduction , a temptation to be fought off until he could enter it willingly , and then occupy it , live in it , like a paradise regained .
there was also the totally unexplored [area] of colour , rearing in his mind as a great seduction , a temptation to be fought off until he could enter it willingly , and then occupy it , live in it , like a paradise regained .

He re-entered the domain of ploughed land , far off and spreading endlessly like a sea , with furrows instead of waves .
he re-entered the [area] of ploughed land , far off and spreading endlessly like a sea , with furrows instead of waves .

There is no reason to suppose that what goes on in one domain is necessarily relevant to what goes on in another .
there is no reason to suppose that what goes on in one [area] is necessarily relevant to what goes on in another .

How is the mediating role of teachers to be defined and how can they be guided to adopt it ? Equally , how is language pedagogy to be defined in relation to other areas of enquiry that impinge upon it ? Unless these issues are satisfactorily resolved , ideas emerging from disciplinary study can not be effectively assessed or acted upon in the pedagogic domain .
how is the mediating role of teachers to be defined and how can they be guided to adopt it ? equally , how is language pedagogy to be defined in relation to other areas of enquiry that impinge upon it ? unless these issues are satisfactorily resolved , ideas emerging from disciplinary study can not be effectively assessed or acted upon in the pedagogic [area] .

The dangers of disregarding , by ignorance or design , the essentially conditional nature of abstract models and of making data fit into preconceived categories are well attested in the theoretical domain .
the dangers of disregarding , by ignorance or design , the essentially conditional nature of abstract models and of making data fit into preconceived categories are well attested in the theoretical [area] .

The dangers are no less apparent in the practical domain : they are attested in countless classrooms where teaching is confined to the transmission of textbook material rather than its exploitation for the negotiation of appropriate activities for learning .
the dangers are no less apparent in the practical [area] : they are attested in countless classrooms where teaching is confined to the transmission of textbook material rather than its exploitation for the negotiation of appropriate activities for learning .

This focuses on theory and consists of the interpretation of ideas within their own terms of reference , within the context of their own theoretical provenance , and the evaluation of their relevance or validity in principle with reference to the domain of enquiry which constitutes the context of application .
this focuses on theory and consists of the interpretation of ideas within their own terms of reference , within the context of their own theoretical provenance , and the evaluation of their relevance or validity in principle with reference to the [area] of enquiry which constitutes the context of application .

First , ideas are actually put into operation in the practical domain arid then the consequences are monitored in a second process of evaluation , this time directed at establishing the practical effect of the ideas as operationally realized .
first , ideas are actually put into operation in the practical [area] arid then the consequences are monitored in a second process of evaluation , this time directed at establishing the practical effect of the ideas as operationally realized .

The starting point of theory is in the problems of classroom practice : the researcher 's domain is that of the teacher .
the starting point of theory is in the problems of classroom practice : the researcher 's [area] is that of the teacher .

Generally speaking , it has been assimilation rather than accommodation which has characterized interpretation in the domain of language pedagogy over recent years .
generally speaking , it has been assimilation rather than accommodation which has characterized interpretation in the [area] of language pedagogy over recent years .

Or perhaps authority may come from some prestigious so the domain of the practitioner , as when techniques are recommended on the grounds that they have the warrant of proven theory .
or perhaps authority may come from some prestigious so the [area] of the practitioner , as when techniques are recommended on the grounds that they have the warrant of proven theory .

But at the same time , the classroom can not simply be an extension of the experimental domain .
but at the same time , the classroom can not simply be an extension of the experimental [area] .

Domain 1 .
[area] 1 .

Domain 2 .
[area] 2 .

The topology of domain 2 has both V-like and C-like features .
the topology of [area] 2 has both v-like and c-like features .

Valine 172 and the disulphide bridge residues 110 and 174 contribute to the hydrophobic core of domain 2 , after which the path of the main chain is locked to continue on into solution by Pro 175 .
valine 172 and the disulphide bridge residues 110 and 174 contribute to the hydrophobic core of [area] 2 , after which the path of the main chain is locked to continue on into solution by pro 175 .

The base of domain 2 is neutrally charged ( Fig.3 e ) , thus there is no obvious suggestion of an interaction with the cell surface .
the base of [area] 2 is neutrally charged ( fig.3 e ) , thus there is no obvious suggestion of an interaction with the cell surface .

Superposition is on domain 1 of the blue molecule .
superposition is on [area] 1 of the blue molecule .

In dystrophin , part of the C-terminal domain and the adjacent cysteine-rich region are involved in the binding of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex .
in dystrophin , part of the c-terminal [area] and the adjacent cysteine-rich region are involved in the binding of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex .

The Hox-B1/lacZ transgene , like the endogenous gene , is initially activated in a broad domain at preheadfold stages , with an anterior limit mapping to the future r3/4 boundary .
the hox-b1/lacz transgene , like the endogenous gene , is initially activated in a broad [area] at preheadfold stages , with an anterior limit mapping to the future r3/4 boundary .

There is a progressive restriction of the anterior domain of expression which is limited to rhombomere 4 in the hindbrain by 9.5 d.p.c .
there is a progressive restriction of the anterior [area] of expression which is limited to rhombomere 4 in the hindbrain by 9.5 d.p.c .

( 20 h after treatment with retinoic acid ) in both treated and control embryos post-otic domains of expression regress posteriorly , but in treated embryos the pre-otic domain is very broad and extends from r4 into the midbrain ( Fig .
( 20 h after treatment with retinoic acid ) in both treated and control embryos post-otic domains of expression regress posteriorly , but in treated embryos the pre-otic [area] is very broad and extends from r4 into the midbrain ( fig .

But , this broadened domain is transient and by 9.5d.p.c .
but , this broadened [area] is transient and by 9.5d.p.c .

there is also expression in neural crest cells migrating from this broadened domain ( Fig .
there is also expression in neural crest cells migrating from this broadened [area] ( fig .

We found , however , that these patterns are modified at later stages when a new domain of Krox-20 emerges in r3 ( Fig .
we found , however , that these patterns are modified at later stages when a new [area] of krox-20 emerges in r3 ( fig .

Accompanying the expanded domain of r4 expression , neural crest cells migrating from this region also express r4 markers .
accompanying the expanded [area] of r4 expression , neural crest cells migrating from this region also express r4 markers .

When iron is released the protein goes through a large conformational change involving domain rotation and exposure of the empty metal-binding site to the solvent .
when iron is released the protein goes through a large conformational change involving [area] rotation and exposure of the empty metal-binding site to the solvent .

Members of the src gene family , characterized by extensive homology to the kinase domain of the transforming gene of the Rous sarcoma virus ( v-src ) , encode intracellular ( non-receptor ) protein-tyrosine kinases .
members of the src gene family , characterized by extensive homology to the kinase [area] of the transforming gene of the rous sarcoma virus ( v-src ) , encode intracellular ( non-receptor ) protein-tyrosine kinases .

Point mutations in the atk kinase domain
point mutations in the atk kinase [area]

Whether the principle of stability can be extended beyond the spatial domain in relation to the structure of memory within mental models remains to be established .
whether the principle of stability can be extended beyond the spatial [area] in relation to the structure of memory within mental models remains to be established .

While bank deposits have stagnated over the past three years , mutual funds , which are mostly outside the banks ' domain , have grown by two-thirds .
while bank deposits have stagnated over the past three years , mutual funds , which are mostly outside the banks ' [area] , have grown by two-thirds .

Sex education as a subject is important in any discussion of the work of Mrs Whitehouse , because her experiences of it as a teacher and parent , indirectly , if not directly , led her into the public domain of the politics of sexual morality .
sex education as a subject is important in any discussion of the work of mrs whitehouse , because her experiences of it as a teacher and parent , indirectly , if not directly , led her into the public [area] of the politics of sexual morality .

The Ariadne 's chief engineer , Lieutenant McCafferty , rarely ventured near his own domain .
the ariadne 's chief engineer , lieutenant mccafferty , rarely ventured near his own [area] .

It will , of course , like your other titbits , be in the public domain ?
it will , of course , like your other titbits , be in the public [area] ?

The compromise brought a clearer distinction between the spiritual and temporal aspects of ecclesiastical office than ever before : it abolished lay intervention in conferring the symbols of ecclesiastical office , while conceding that the temporalities remained within the secular domain .
the compromise brought a clearer distinction between the spiritual and temporal aspects of ecclesiastical office than ever before : it abolished lay intervention in conferring the symbols of ecclesiastical office , while conceding that the temporalities remained within the secular [area] .

How did this greatest and most awe-inspiring of the great cats come to make the East its special domain ?
how did this greatest and most awe-inspiring of the great cats come to make the east its special [area] ?

Cultivation spread to the edge of forests that had previously been the tiger 's domain , and the forests themselves were clear-felled .
cultivation spread to the edge of forests that had previously been the tiger 's [area] , and the forests themselves were clear-felled .

This Museum , with the help of the Museums and Galleries Commission/Science Museum Grant Fund , was able to purchase most of this collection and thus help it in the public domain .
this museum , with the help of the museums and galleries commission/science museum grant fund , was able to purchase most of this collection and thus help it in the public [area] .

This of course takes us into the domain of attitudes and feelings of the learners , and is an area more influenced by emotion .
this of course takes us into the [area] of attitudes and feelings of the learners , and is an area more influenced by emotion .

Even when the conflict entered the public domain , the significance of what came to be described as ‘ The Scandal of Tyndale ’ was not at first apparent .
even when the conflict entered the public [area] , the significance of what came to be described as ‘ the scandal of tyndale ’ was not at first apparent .

Cognition is to do with the rational domain : logic , reasoning and problem solving uncomplicated by irrational behaviour .
cognition is to do with the rational [area] : logic , reasoning and problem solving uncomplicated by irrational behaviour .

Conation is to do with the emotional domain : feeling , caring and striving .
conation is to do with the emotional [area] : feeling , caring and striving .

The enterprise is the domain of the works councils ( Jacobs et al .
the enterprise is the [area] of the works councils ( jacobs et al .

Our dealings with our fellow citizens in this public domain are based on what Martin Buber has called the ‘ technical relation ’ .
our dealings with our fellow citizens in this public [area] are based on what martin buber has called the ‘ technical relation ’ .

Indeed as the public domain has become more impersonal and technical so the family has increased in importance .
indeed as the public [area] has become more impersonal and technical so the family has increased in importance .

The private domain is that world where families , individuals and associations of private affiliation live alongside each other .
the private [area] is that world where families , individuals and associations of private affiliation live alongside each other .

It is a turning from darkness to light , from the domain of Satan to the Kingdom of God , from slavery to sin to freedom , service and worship of Christ as Lord ( Matt .
it is a turning from darkness to light , from the [area] of satan to the kingdom of god , from slavery to sin to freedom , service and worship of christ as lord ( matt .

Fashion and make-up have been with us for a very long time indeed — there are make-up palettes surviving from ancient Egypt — and although men in certain times and cultures may devote a lot of effort to their appearance , it has remained chiefly a feminine domain .
fashion and make-up have been with us for a very long time indeed — there are make-up palettes surviving from ancient egypt — and although men in certain times and cultures may devote a lot of effort to their appearance , it has remained chiefly a feminine [area] .

The Queen of the Night has knowledge of her domain , but her knowledge has been built up by allowing the quality of the dark to touch her , and the nature of its creatures to awaken a response in her own being .
the queen of the night has knowledge of her [area] , but her knowledge has been built up by allowing the quality of the dark to touch her , and the nature of its creatures to awaken a response in her own being .

Firstly , as the ending of one individual life , dissolving back into a cauldron of greater life ; this process is the domain of the Great Mother as archetype .
firstly , as the ending of one individual life , dissolving back into a cauldron of greater life ; this process is the [area] of the great mother as archetype .

’ But there is a fear that these developments may transgress natural laws , bringing too much within the domain of deliberate intervention , and promoting physical growth at the expense of the spirit .
’ but there is a fear that these developments may transgress natural laws , bringing too much within the [area] of deliberate intervention , and promoting physical growth at the expense of the spirit .

Life passes through her domain , but she is not of it ; she is beyond it .
life passes through her [area] , but she is not of it ; she is beyond it .

The rules and regulations of her domain are established , and woe betide members of the household who break them .
the rules and regulations of her [area] are established , and woe betide members of the household who break them .

These Student Disks may contain general exercises based on common language learning needs or may be customized according to 's identified market sector needs and/or according to clients ' particular syllabus or domain .
these student disks may contain general exercises based on common language learning needs or may be customized according to 's identified market sector needs and/or according to clients ' particular syllabus or [area] .

From the other side , an increasing number of social anthropologists are bringing their subject home to investigate small communities or self-contained sectors of western society , the traditional domain of sociologists .
from the other side , an increasing number of social anthropologists are bringing their subject home to investigate small communities or self-contained sectors of western society , the traditional [area] of sociologists .

Sun users in education and research can access public domain software , shareware , research articles and images via InterNet and SunSite , a new easy-to-use interactive information repository set up with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . info sunsite.unc.edu
sun users in education and research can access public [area] software , shareware , research articles and images via internet and sunsite , a new easy-to-use interactive information repository set up with the university of north carolina at chapel hill . info sunsite.unc.edu

Benson for instance argues that agencies are primarily concerned with achieving what he calls an ‘ uncluttered domain ' for their services .
benson for instance argues that agencies are primarily concerned with achieving what he calls an ‘ uncluttered [area] ' for their services .

Investigative journalism usually implies intensive and detailed study revealing the ‘ dark under-belly ’ of a subject already in the public domain or dragging a subject which has remained conveniently hidden from view into the public domain .
investigative journalism usually implies intensive and detailed study revealing the ‘ dark under-belly ’ of a subject already in the public [area] or dragging a subject which has remained conveniently hidden from view into the public [area] .

The newspaper coverage may have contributed to bringing the crime into the public domain , but essentially the press and the police are using the same repertoire of scripts .
the newspaper coverage may have contributed to bringing the crime into the public [area] , but essentially the press and the police are using the same repertoire of scripts .

Performance Awareness of Raleigh , New York , is to unveil version 3.4 of its 3 PreVUE performance analysis tools , which include new Motif-like graphical user interfaces built with public domain software .
performance awareness of raleigh , new york , is to unveil version 3.4 of its 3 prevue performance analysis tools , which include new motif-like graphical user interfaces built with public [area] software .

In contrast , the social domain of ‘ Us ’ is characterized by the absence of combative and destructive behaviour .
in contrast , the social [area] of ‘ us ’ is characterized by the absence of combative and destructive behaviour .

women are disallowed from participating in most public decision-making and from the political process in general ; they are associated with the domain of the domestic ;
women are disallowed from participating in most public decision-making and from the political process in general ; they are associated with the [area] of the domestic ;

For the Piaroa , coercion has no place within the domain of the social , including any power a ‘ collectivity ’ might have .
for the piaroa , coercion has no place within the [area] of the social , including any power a ‘ collectivity ’ might have .

Whoever looked out northward from the massive protective shell of Trazior might suspect that some giant world-spider , nourished on venom , had swung from hive to hive spinning ropes , and depositing multi-millions of hatchlings in each domain .
whoever looked out northward from the massive protective shell of trazior might suspect that some giant world-spider , nourished on venom , had swung from hive to hive spinning ropes , and depositing multi-millions of hatchlings in each [area] .

An armoured Marine began to hustle the unclad fettered alien away — no doubt to the diamantine dungeons deep beneath the Apothacarion , domain of the surgeon interrogators .
an armoured marine began to hustle the unclad fettered alien away — no doubt to the diamantine dungeons deep beneath the apothacarion , [area] of the surgeon interrogators .

His rationality was exiled to that other phantom domain where the Weapon of Law was being constructed according to dream-logic .
his rationality was exiled to that other phantom [area] where the weapon of law was being constructed according to dream-logic .

Meg Shepherd , Hal Shepherd 's daughter , was standing in the tall grass of the Domain , watching her brother .
meg shepherd , hal shepherd 's daughter , was standing in the tall grass of the [area] , watching her brother .

There 's a sickness here in the Domain .
there 's a sickness here in the [area] .

There were two gates to the Domain , each manned by an elite squad of a dozen men , hand-picked by the T'ang himself .
there were two gates to the [area] , each manned by an elite squad of a dozen men , hand-picked by the t'ang himself .

Over the years they had become friends of the family and had been granted privileges — one of which was limited entry to the Domain .
over the years they had become friends of the family and had been granted privileges — one of which was limited entry to the [area] .

It was their third sweep of the Domain and their last .
it was their third sweep of the [area] and their last .

Meg sipped at her iced drink then looked up at him . ‘ You think we should let others come here into the Domain ? ’
meg sipped at her iced drink then looked up at him . ‘ you think we should let others come here into the [area] ? ’

Some were lifelike studies of the Domain .
some were lifelike studies of the [area] .

It was more than two decades since he had taken offence at the term-a term used all the while in court , where the Han were predominant and the few Caucasians treated as honorary Han — yet here , in the Domain , he felt the words incongruous , almost — surprisingly — insulting .
it was more than two decades since he had taken offence at the term-a term used all the while in court , where the han were predominant and the few caucasians treated as honorary han — yet here , in the [area] , he felt the words incongruous , almost — surprisingly — insulting .

It was both horrible and necessary , if only to prevent the spread of the disease throughout the Domain ; but it was just that — the horrible necessity of death — that gave it its fascination .
it was both horrible and necessary , if only to prevent the spread of the disease throughout the [area] ; but it was just that — the horrible necessity of death — that gave it its fascination .

He could not for the life of him understand why they should wish to remain inside the cottage while the Domain was dusted with poisons .
he could not for the life of him understand why they should wish to remain inside the cottage while the [area] was dusted with poisons .

Furious , his ‘ father ’ , Robert , had made him a prisoner in the house , forbidding him the run of the Domain until he changed his ways , but Augustus had remained defiant .
furious , his ‘ father ’ , robert , had made him a prisoner in the house , forbidding him the run of the [area] until he changed his ways , but augustus had remained defiant .

Strictly speaking ( for them ) , the domain of information structure is not the clause as a grammatical unit but the tone group as a phonological unit .
strictly speaking ( for them ) , the [area] of information structure is not the clause as a grammatical unit but the tone group as a phonological unit .

Although these broader issues spill over into the whole question of extending the notion of the sociolinguistic variable into the domain of syntactic analysis , they are relevant to data collection because they often entail difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of a specific type of data .
although these broader issues spill over into the whole question of extending the notion of the sociolinguistic variable into the [area] of syntactic analysis , they are relevant to data collection because they often entail difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of a specific type of data .

Following their general line of reasoning sociolinguists like Dines ( 1980 ) have suggested that the notion of the variable should be extended into the domain of pragmatics ( see further 7.7 ) .
following their general line of reasoning sociolinguists like dines ( 1980 ) have suggested that the notion of the variable should be extended into the [area] of pragmatics ( see further 7.7 ) .

To be imprisoned side by side with them in the male domain made them look forward beyond Karlinsky 's address to the regular Saturday-night social in the communal hall next door when they would be able to get together , relax and talk without constraint .
to be imprisoned side by side with them in the male [area] made them look forward beyond karlinsky 's address to the regular saturday-night social in the communal hall next door when they would be able to get together , relax and talk without constraint .

While fashion , be it in clothing , home environment , or food , remains the domain of capital and thus primarily the old world , any movement or change within it is meaningless when considered only in relation to itself .
while fashion , be it in clothing , home environment , or food , remains the [area] of capital and thus primarily the old world , any movement or change within it is meaningless when considered only in relation to itself .

By some instinct , he knew the exact moment she relaxed , and she was shocked to find her sphincter muscle consent to the invasion of its domain .
by some instinct , he knew the exact moment she relaxed , and she was shocked to find her sphincter muscle consent to the invasion of its [area] .

These answers have partial analogues in the constitutional domain .
these answers have partial analogues in the constitutional [area] .

Even in the ‘ feminine ’ arts , however , women have been subject to more subtle pressures : arts , it is believed , are the domain of ‘ feminine ’ men , not women , and there have been attempts in recent years to render the arts more ‘ masculine ’ .
even in the ‘ feminine ’ arts , however , women have been subject to more subtle pressures : arts , it is believed , are the [area] of ‘ feminine ’ men , not women , and there have been attempts in recent years to render the arts more ‘ masculine ’ .

By this means , the Government is accompanying its move away from full citizenship on economic and welfare fronts to a curtailment in the political domain .
by this means , the government is accompanying its move away from full citizenship on economic and welfare fronts to a curtailment in the political [area] .

Such a view implies the incorporation of the arts or humanities into the broad domain of the social or human sciences , a development which has to some extent occurred in France with the concept of sciences humaines and in Germany under the rubric of Geisteswissenschaft .
such a view implies the incorporation of the arts or humanities into the broad [area] of the social or human sciences , a development which has to some extent occurred in france with the concept of sciences humaines and in germany under the rubric of geisteswissenschaft .

But such a dimension does help to explain why philosophy can be seen both as a mode of thinking in any discipline , and also a discipline in its own right ; for it is at least arguable that the ‘ questions about questions ’ in every field eventually converge on certain basic questions and concepts which we recognize as the traditional domain and concern of the philosopher .
but such a dimension does help to explain why philosophy can be seen both as a mode of thinking in any discipline , and also a discipline in its own right ; for it is at least arguable that the ‘ questions about questions ’ in every field eventually converge on certain basic questions and concepts which we recognize as the traditional [area] and concern of the philosopher .

There is of course the whole domain of theories of knowledge which was explored briefly in the last chapter , but there is typically little concrete reference to curricula or courses in such writing ; it moves at a much more abstract level .
there is of course the whole [area] of theories of knowledge which was explored briefly in the last chapter , but there is typically little concrete reference to curricula or courses in such writing ; it moves at a much more abstract level .

This is the key domain of the calculating , rationalist attitude , obsessed with time , which sees other individuals as merely partners in a transaction , rather than individuals in their own right .
this is the key [area] of the calculating , rationalist attitude , obsessed with time , which sees other individuals as merely partners in a transaction , rather than individuals in their own right .

Freud 's example of the fort-da game in which the child pretends to lose and find something as an enactment within a domain it can control , of its sense of separation from , and the return of the mother , provides a classic case of the problems of how to interpret vicarious activity .
freud 's example of the fort-da game in which the child pretends to lose and find something as an enactment within a [area] it can control , of its sense of separation from , and the return of the mother , provides a classic case of the problems of how to interpret vicarious activity .

It is to this domain that we conventionally ascribe our image of self and of importance , identifying strongly with our controlled ability to articulate what appears to us to be the content of our own will .
it is to this [area] that we conventionally ascribe our image of self and of importance , identifying strongly with our controlled ability to articulate what appears to us to be the content of our own will .

By absorbing these , the subject is then in turn able to impose them upon some new domain not previously encountered , and thereby immediately to assimilate this into its particular cultural order .
by absorbing these , the subject is then in turn able to impose them upon some new [area] not previously encountered , and thereby immediately to assimilate this into its particular cultural order .

In most cases a single example of the relationships between the object and a given contextual domain has been selected for illustrative purposes , although it will be obvious that there is a vast number of alternative relevant instances .
in most cases a single example of the relationships between the object and a given contextual [area] has been selected for illustrative purposes , although it will be obvious that there is a vast number of alternative relevant instances .

With a more developed division of labour , and particularly with industrial production , the separation of the sphere of manufacture , as found , for example , in Marx 's privileging of this particular domain , has tended to become more pronounced .
with a more developed division of labour , and particularly with industrial production , the separation of the sphere of manufacture , as found , for example , in marx 's privileging of this particular [area] , has tended to become more pronounced .

From this example , we can draw a conclusion of crucial importance for the analysis of material culture : divisions which may appear important in language and ideology may be absent from object differentiation , while distinctions within the domain of artefacts may constitute important divisions which would elsewhere be ignored or denied .
from this example , we can draw a conclusion of crucial importance for the analysis of material culture : divisions which may appear important in language and ideology may be absent from object differentiation , while distinctions within the [area] of artefacts may constitute important divisions which would elsewhere be ignored or denied .

In no domain is it as difficult as it is in the matter of function and utility to distinguish the actual place of artefacts in human practices from the particular legitimations and assumptions we have about them .
in no [area] is it as difficult as it is in the matter of function and utility to distinguish the actual place of artefacts in human practices from the particular legitimations and assumptions we have about them .

1982 ) , here it will be used to refer solely to the relationship between artefacts within a given object domain , such as all windows or all cars .
1982 ) , here it will be used to refer solely to the relationship between artefacts within a given object [area] , such as all windows or all cars .

Such a field is commonly organized according to the principle of style , which may be defined as the use of certain limited dimensions upon which the variability of a domain is expressed .
such a field is commonly organized according to the principle of style , which may be defined as the use of certain limited dimensions upon which the variability of a [area] is expressed .

Whatever the particular context of such changes , these studies demonstrate that a set of transformations in material culture which may be found to permeate almost every trivial domain , from chimneys to rubbish disposal , can be understood as a largely unconscious and unintentional response by a variety of social groups , which produced new forms of demand and new means of incorporating the emergence of mass produced items .
whatever the particular context of such changes , these studies demonstrate that a set of transformations in material culture which may be found to permeate almost every trivial [area] , from chimneys to rubbish disposal , can be understood as a largely unconscious and unintentional response by a variety of social groups , which produced new forms of demand and new means of incorporating the emergence of mass produced items .

In as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .
in as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the [area] of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .

Although it is sometimes realized that the demands of public sector accountability and decision making in a political context can serve to limit the extent to which concepts of efficiency derived from the private sector can be applied uncritically in the public sector domain , there nevertheless remains a feeling that much more could be done to improve resource utilisation .
although it is sometimes realized that the demands of public sector accountability and decision making in a political context can serve to limit the extent to which concepts of efficiency derived from the private sector can be applied uncritically in the public sector [area] , there nevertheless remains a feeling that much more could be done to improve resource utilisation .

We set out before 7 a.m. , but Jean-Claude did not tell me how far away the château stood , or how long it would take to reach the boundary of the domain .
we set out before 7 a.m. , but jean-claude did not tell me how far away the château stood , or how long it would take to reach the boundary of the [area] .

Thirdly , regulatory agencies are specialist enforcement authorities , having a finite domain of control , consisting of particular behaviour and involving only a segment of the population at large , defined by the kind of economic activity subject to regulation .
thirdly , regulatory agencies are specialist enforcement authorities , having a finite [area] of control , consisting of particular behaviour and involving only a segment of the population at large , defined by the kind of economic activity subject to regulation .

Detection is less of a difficulty for certain other regulatory agents , such as housing inspectors ( Mileski , 1971 ) or consumer protection officers ( Cranston , 1979 ) , whose enforcement domain is peopled with complainants .
detection is less of a difficulty for certain other regulatory agents , such as housing inspectors ( mileski , 1971 ) or consumer protection officers ( cranston , 1979 ) , whose enforcement [area] is peopled with complainants .

The fact that the agencies have as their enforcement domain only a small segment of the population , and one almost wholly in fixed locations , means that a polluter is potentially knowable .
the fact that the agencies have as their enforcement [area] only a small segment of the population , and one almost wholly in fixed locations , means that a polluter is potentially knowable .

One is that any attempt to draw a line between the meaning of a word and ‘ encyclopaedic ’ facts concerning the extra-linguistic referents of the word would be quite arbitrary ; another is that there is no motivation for isolating ‘ pragmatic meaning ’ as a separate domain of lexical meaning .
one is that any attempt to draw a line between the meaning of a word and ‘ encyclopaedic ’ facts concerning the extra-linguistic referents of the word would be quite arbitrary ; another is that there is no motivation for isolating ‘ pragmatic meaning ’ as a separate [area] of lexical meaning .

But it is valid also for the lexical domain .
but it is valid also for the lexical [area] .

The assured domain of calm simplicity
the assured [area] of calm simplicity

The whole is orchestrated towards the moment of resurrection , with the rising sun , in the domain of Osiris .
the whole is orchestrated towards the moment of resurrection , with the rising sun , in the [area] of osiris .

The relationship of a hole to a block is established by indicating that the geometric domain of the space called `` hole `` lies within the space called `` block `` , as shown in Figure 2.1 .
the relationship of a hole to a block is established by indicating that the geometric [area] of the space called `` hole `` lies within the space called `` block `` , as shown in figure 2.1 .

If such a hole-to-block relationship is to be defined then a number of expert rules can be established as follows : 1 ) The domain of `` hole `` must have a `` touching `` relationship with the domain of `` block `` on at least one face to produce a blind hole .
if such a hole-to-block relationship is to be defined then a number of expert rules can be established as follows : 1 ) the [area] of `` hole `` must have a `` touching `` relationship with the [area] of `` block `` on at least one face to produce a blind hole .

3 ) " Holes " can not have boundary surfaces completely outside of the domain of a solid ; these produce groves or keyways .
3 ) " holes " can not have boundary surfaces completely outside of the [area] of a solid ; these produce groves or keyways .

Whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .
whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the [area] of the hole lies within the [area] of block according to the previously declared rules .

This provides an inserted condition such that all elements of the domain called `` hole `` are in the domain called `` block `` .
this provides an inserted condition such that all elements of the [area] called `` hole `` are in the [area] called `` block `` .

This relationship can be transcribed from the geometric domain into the functional domain by grouping the functional attributes into sets .
this relationship can be transcribed from the geometric [area] into the functional [area] by grouping the functional attributes into sets .

This is achieved by declaring an attribute which establishes a touching relationship only with another space domain .
this is achieved by declaring an attribute which establishes a touching relationship only with another space [area] .

This attribute is also declared for the block , together with an attribute declaring that the domain of the space contains a solid .
this attribute is also declared for the block , together with an attribute declaring that the [area] of the space contains a solid .

Due to the hole not being declared as a solid , the assumption is made that it is a void so that the geometric domain is established for the inserted condition ( as voids can not exist freely outside of solids ) to give the geometric domain as also seen in Figure 2.3 .
due to the hole not being declared as a solid , the assumption is made that it is a void so that the geometric [area] is established for the inserted condition ( as voids can not exist freely outside of solids ) to give the geometric [area] as also seen in figure 2.3 .

The designer could be assigned a geometric domain in which to work — this would be described by default values within an assembly model .
the designer could be assigned a geometric [area] in which to work — this would be described by default values within an assembly model .

In either case it is necessary to map the geometric domain on to the object being designed , at the earliest possible time .
in either case it is necessary to map the geometric [area] on to the object being designed , at the earliest possible time .

All objects are thus , at the highest level , simplified so as to be initially represented by the orthogonal enveloping local domain in the reference space .
all objects are thus , at the highest level , simplified so as to be initially represented by the orthogonal enveloping local [area] in the reference space .

Once an enveloping box is established or an old one changed ( by the addition or movement of entities ) the geometric domain model is checked against that of the functional domain .
once an enveloping box is established or an old one changed ( by the addition or movement of entities ) the geometric [area] model is checked against that of the functional [area] .

If the pin is extended so as to enter another spatial domain yet another unwanted association would be detected and flagged to the designer .
if the pin is extended so as to enter another spatial [area] yet another unwanted association would be detected and flagged to the designer .

If all components of an assembly are inserted into the reference space declared for that assembly , a geometric domain of higher order is automatically generated .
if all components of an assembly are inserted into the reference space declared for that assembly , a geometric [area] of higher order is automatically generated .

Whilst the outer domain touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .
whilst the outer [area] touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .

The approach that has been applied here is initially to define a functional domain in which all relationships and attributes can be recorded .
the approach that has been applied here is initially to define a functional [area] in which all relationships and attributes can be recorded .

Mapped on to this functional domain is the geometric domain .
mapped on to this functional [area] is the geometric [area] .

The domain of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or component domains .
the [area] of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or component domains .

If each domain is described by an enveloping box ( see Figure 2.21 ) which contains the local description necessary to produce a car ( see Figure 2.22 ) , the gearbox-transmission unit and passenger compartment will have an intersection ( see Figure 2.23 ) , as these major spaces will consequently have relationships with each other .
if each [area] is described by an enveloping box ( see figure 2.21 ) which contains the local description necessary to produce a car ( see figure 2.22 ) , the gearbox-transmission unit and passenger compartment will have an intersection ( see figure 2.23 ) , as these major spaces will consequently have relationships with each other .

These can then be described in the functional domain and interpreted into geometric relationships within the overlaid geometric domains .
these can then be described in the functional [area] and interpreted into geometric relationships within the overlaid geometric domains .

The functionality of the gear-lever is thus seen to exist as a set of attributes of the intersection of the functional domains ( see Figure 2.24 ) , which are mapped and preserved within the geometric domain .
the functionality of the gear-lever is thus seen to exist as a set of attributes of the intersection of the functional domains ( see figure 2.24 ) , which are mapped and preserved within the geometric [area] .

The procedure thus adopted is one of first checking the spatial relationships in the orthogonal reference space and , if not as desired , moving down to a local containing domain before the uncertainty is reported .
the procedure thus adopted is one of first checking the spatial relationships in the orthogonal reference space and , if not as desired , moving down to a local containing [area] before the uncertainty is reported .

In order that the relationships at the local interacting level can be handled in the easiest manner , all local levels are defined as hierarchical sub-spaces of the main reference domain .
in order that the relationships at the local interacting level can be handled in the easiest manner , all local levels are defined as hierarchical sub-spaces of the main reference [area] .

All associations and relationships declared in one space can thus be subsequently tested in another related space right up to the reference domain .
all associations and relationships declared in one space can thus be subsequently tested in another related space right up to the reference [area] .

The process is then terminated only by reaching a spatial domain where success is achieved , or by reaching the local domain in which the relationship was originally defined without success .
the process is then terminated only by reaching a spatial [area] where success is achieved , or by reaching the local [area] in which the relationship was originally defined without success .

External geometry and relationships may be fixed , and then the designer can only manipulate the geometry and sub-spaces assigned to his geometric domain .
external geometry and relationships may be fixed , and then the designer can only manipulate the geometry and sub-spaces assigned to his geometric [area] .

The relationship so created is then checked against that declared for the intersection of the functional domain ( see Figure 2.33 ) .
the relationship so created is then checked against that declared for the intersection of the functional [area] ( see figure 2.33 ) .

Upon declaring this original domain , the acceptable range of concentration values could be requested .
upon declaring this original [area] , the acceptable range of concentration values could be requested .

The development of an approach stating that the functionality of an item can be mapped on the geometric domain , leads naturally to the inverse argument that the domains themselves can be seen as logical spaces .
the development of an approach stating that the functionality of an item can be mapped on the geometric [area] , leads naturally to the inverse argument that the domains themselves can be seen as logical spaces .

This may initially be viewed with some horror until it is realized that the form of representation inserted into the geometric domain may take on any form appropriate to the solution of the problem .
this may initially be viewed with some horror until it is realized that the form of representation inserted into the geometric [area] may take on any form appropriate to the solution of the problem .

It is convenient to define the geometric domain as a local orthogonal space that will just contain the component part .
it is convenient to define the geometric [area] as a local orthogonal space that will just contain the component part .

In such a procedure the boundaries of the domain can be automatically obtained from the maximum and minimum excursion values of the part in this local coordinate system .
in such a procedure the boundaries of the [area] can be automatically obtained from the maximum and minimum excursion values of the part in this local coordinate system .

Once the orthogonal spaces have been interpreted into the local component state then any suitable geometric model can be entered into `` its geometric domain .
once the orthogonal spaces have been interpreted into the local component state then any suitable geometric model can be entered into `` its geometric [area] .

In its simplest form the domain can contain no geometry at all .
in its simplest form the [area] can contain no geometry at all .

This is a space whose geometry can not be seen from any other domain .
this is a space whose geometry can not be seen from any other [area] .

It may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information contained within that domain .
it may arise because a space has been reserved for an , as yet , undefined component or because the person initiating the search has no authority to see the information contained within that [area] .

The black box space may be declared as a `` no entry space `` , with the owner of that domain being the only person to see the internal geometry and handle its functional associations with all other domains .
the black box space may be declared as a `` no entry space `` , with the owner of that [area] being the only person to see the internal geometry and handle its functional associations with all other domains .

The designer is left to handle only those lines and curves that can influence the design within the specified domain .
the designer is left to handle only those lines and curves that can influence the design within the specified [area] .

All surface relationships within the domain of intersection must be checked .
all surface relationships within the [area] of intersection must be checked .

An intersection can thus be established to exist between the cylinder of the pin and the surface of the block within the bounds of the intersection domain .
an intersection can thus be established to exist between the cylinder of the pin and the surface of the block within the bounds of the intersection [area] .

The intersecting domain will under extreme conditions only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit conditions will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .
the intersecting [area] will under extreme conditions only contain the two surfaces describing the pin , whilst under close fit conditions will also contain elements of both the cylindrical and end surface of the hole itself .

The case of a force fit of pin to block can be recognized as the intersecting domain contains at least two pairs of intersecting surfaces ( see Figure 3.11 ) .
the case of a force fit of pin to block can be recognized as the intersecting [area] contains at least two pairs of intersecting surfaces ( see figure 3.11 ) .

Here lamina representations are constructed upon specified orthogonal surfaces on , or within , the geometric domain of the object .
here lamina representations are constructed upon specified orthogonal surfaces on , or within , the geometric [area] of the object .

The position and depth of various features can then be swept through the domain in order to generate the full solid .
the position and depth of various features can then be swept through the [area] in order to generate the full solid .

These are then assembled from an operator-tree data file to provide not only the local geometry but also the geometric domain .
these are then assembled from an operator-tree data file to provide not only the local geometry but also the geometric [area] .

Solid modelling thus allows the domain handling approach to be extended from the initial gross object definition level right down to the elemental description of local geometry by use of primitives .
solid modelling thus allows the [area] handling approach to be extended from the initial gross object definition level right down to the elemental description of local geometry by use of primitives .

The design procedure described here is based on a technique of mapping the functional requirements on to the geometric domain of the object .
the design procedure described here is based on a technique of mapping the functional requirements on to the geometric [area] of the object .

As the domain `` bracket `` is declared to relate to these two spaces , intersections `` bracket-to-instrument `` and `` bracket-to bed `` would be generated within the functional domain .
as the [area] `` bracket `` is declared to relate to these two spaces , intersections `` bracket-to-instrument `` and `` bracket-to bed `` would be generated within the functional [area] .

Should the change in relationships bring about an unexpected clash with yet another component domain , then it may be sufficient to display only the excursion boxes .
should the change in relationships bring about an unexpected clash with yet another component [area] , then it may be sufficient to display only the excursion boxes .

Initially , the checks are performed at the model domain level , filtering down to a local geometric or primitive level wherever necessary .
initially , the checks are performed at the model [area] level , filtering down to a local geometric or primitive level wherever necessary .

This is then the geometric domain of the object .
this is then the geometric [area] of the object .

Thus , within the geometric domain of the assembly it is possible to recognize immediately those components which do not have a functional relationship due to their spatial remoteness .
thus , within the geometric [area] of the assembly it is possible to recognize immediately those components which do not have a functional relationship due to their spatial remoteness .

Those that lie in local spaces having intersections with other spaces will be forced to have an association , if only in terms of their need to cohabit within the same region of the geometric domain .
those that lie in local spaces having intersections with other spaces will be forced to have an association , if only in terms of their need to cohabit within the same region of the geometric [area] .

This then results in a functional domain that can be directly mapped on to the relevant geometric domain .
this then results in a functional [area] that can be directly mapped on to the relevant geometric [area] .

The intersections in the functional domains thus indicate the type of association that should be maintained , whilst the intersection in the geometric domain indicates the region in which it occurs .
the intersections in the functional domains thus indicate the type of association that should be maintained , whilst the intersection in the geometric [area] indicates the region in which it occurs .

In practice the designer works predominantly in the geometric domain and therefore requires a procedure that can identify those intersections of space as they occur .
in practice the designer works predominantly in the geometric [area] and therefore requires a procedure that can identify those intersections of space as they occur .

These should be checked for the existence of attributes in the functional domain .
these should be checked for the existence of attributes in the functional [area] .

If a form of association is declared , its spatial effect in the geometric domain must be checked and preserved .
if a form of association is declared , its spatial effect in the geometric [area] must be checked and preserved .

The topic of dynamics is based on the concept that forces create movements which can be described as spatial changes within an all-controlling time domain .
the topic of dynamics is based on the concept that forces create movements which can be described as spatial changes within an all-controlling time [area] .

Both started from the concept that each component in the system is defined as a separate item within the data base , and is drawn in its own local space domain .
both started from the concept that each component in the system is defined as a separate item within the data base , and is drawn in its own local space [area] .

Since winning their independence in 1949 the government , based in Java , has sought to control its vast domain partly by making it difficult even for Indonesians to travel freely throughout their own country .
since winning their independence in 1949 the government , based in java , has sought to control its vast [area] partly by making it difficult even for indonesians to travel freely throughout their own country .

The sapphire waters of the coast have long been the domain of fierce sea-going tribes who were such a formidable barrier to the early European spice traders that the mountainous backbone of the island remained unexplored until the turn of this century .
the sapphire waters of the coast have long been the [area] of fierce sea-going tribes who were such a formidable barrier to the early european spice traders that the mountainous backbone of the island remained unexplored until the turn of this century .

This superiority in the visuo-spatial domain has been found in some studies to extend to perception of the third dimension .
this superiority in the visuo-spatial [area] has been found in some studies to extend to perception of the third dimension .

As regards its notoriety as a ‘ land of damnation and chains ’ , a domain of perpetual punishment and pain — this , too , is grimly rooted in the very real sufferings of generations of convicts , rebels , revolutionaries , common criminals and multitudes of often innocent men , women and children , who for nearly four centuries have dragged themselves along the ‘ road of chains ’ ( kandalnaya doroga ) leading beyond the Urals .
as regards its notoriety as a ‘ land of damnation and chains ’ , a [area] of perpetual punishment and pain — this , too , is grimly rooted in the very real sufferings of generations of convicts , rebels , revolutionaries , common criminals and multitudes of often innocent men , women and children , who for nearly four centuries have dragged themselves along the ‘ road of chains ’ ( kandalnaya doroga ) leading beyond the urals .

During the period of Tatar domination from the thirteenth to the end of the fifteenth centuries , Russia under the Golden Horde had been the most westerly province of the great Mongol Empire founded by Genghis Khan ; but from 1582 onwards the tide was turned and the European Slavs rapidly found themselves rulers of a vast colonial domain stretching across Asia to the northern Pacific .
during the period of tatar domination from the thirteenth to the end of the fifteenth centuries , russia under the golden horde had been the most westerly province of the great mongol empire founded by genghis khan ; but from 1582 onwards the tide was turned and the european slavs rapidly found themselves rulers of a vast colonial [area] stretching across asia to the northern pacific .

It seemed to come from another world of reference , an older , ordinary world , of platitude and cliché , of pattern and familiar family ties , a world that she had thought they had never entered , for many good reasons never entered : and now here was Charles himself , invoking its terms , as though it had been there always , as though they had always inhabited its domain .
it seemed to come from another world of reference , an older , ordinary world , of platitude and cliché , of pattern and familiar family ties , a world that she had thought they had never entered , for many good reasons never entered : and now here was charles himself , invoking its terms , as though it had been there always , as though they had always inhabited its [area] .

Surely , if scientists , whose work is in the public domain and open to critical scrutiny , are prone to distortion , the police must be many times more vulnerable , seeing that police investigations are far less structured and not at all open to outside scrutiny .
surely , if scientists , whose work is in the public [area] and open to critical scrutiny , are prone to distortion , the police must be many times more vulnerable , seeing that police investigations are far less structured and not at all open to outside scrutiny .

That quoted below , p. 64 , refers to the rent paid on Egyptian domain land to a Persian absentee overlord .
that quoted below , p. 64 , refers to the rent paid on egyptian [area] land to a persian absentee overlord .

treats the domain of cultural forms and activities as a constantly changing field … looks at the relations which constantly structure this field into dominant and subordinate formations … [ and ] at the process by which these relations of dominance and subordination are articulated' ( Hall 1981 : 235 )
treats the [area] of cultural forms and activities as a constantly changing field … looks at the relations which constantly structure this field into dominant and subordinate formations … [ and ] at the process by which these relations of dominance and subordination are articulated' ( hall 1981 : 235 )

Thus , underlying the other side of Gramsci 's picture — the continuous construction of class alliances , with its articulative dimension in the cultural domain — there is a basic dichotomy , organized around the relationship of ‘ hegemonic ’ and subordinate blocs , ‘ power bloc versus popular classes ’ ( Hall 1981 : 238–9 ) , the content of each and the terrain it controls being precisely the object of cultural as well as economic struggle .
thus , underlying the other side of gramsci 's picture — the continuous construction of class alliances , with its articulative dimension in the cultural [area] — there is a basic dichotomy , organized around the relationship of ‘ hegemonic ’ and subordinate blocs , ‘ power bloc versus popular classes ’ ( hall 1981 : 238–9 ) , the content of each and the terrain it controls being precisely the object of cultural as well as economic struggle .

Second , even if the major private capitalist enterprises were nationalised this would not abolish the problem of allocating resources between the kind of ‘ infrastructural ’ provision , and social services , which are already within the public sector in Britain and those areas of commodity production which are at present the domain of ‘ private enterprise ’ .
second , even if the major private capitalist enterprises were nationalised this would not abolish the problem of allocating resources between the kind of ‘ infrastructural ’ provision , and social services , which are already within the public sector in britain and those areas of commodity production which are at present the [area] of ‘ private enterprise ’ .

If a given investment project within the domain of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .
if a given investment project within the [area] of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .

These responses could be organised under four general headings : first , those showing an appreciation of politics as a domain of representation of opposed class interests ; second , those viewing politics in terms of a ‘ simple representation of class interest ’ without any elaborated notion of conflict of interests ; third , those showing a simple ‘ cultural partisanship ’ without any definite conception of class interests being involved ; and fourth , those seeing no ‘ interest-related ’ or normative class content in party support .
these responses could be organised under four general headings : first , those showing an appreciation of politics as a [area] of representation of opposed class interests ; second , those viewing politics in terms of a ‘ simple representation of class interest ’ without any elaborated notion of conflict of interests ; third , those showing a simple ‘ cultural partisanship ’ without any definite conception of class interests being involved ; and fourth , those seeing no ‘ interest-related ’ or normative class content in party support .

The tasteful domain of the unknown Kettering children , with its bright bedspreads , art reproductions and posters from exhibitions in Florence , had been taken over by the Pargeters , who would soon reduce it to a tip .
the tasteful [area] of the unknown kettering children , with its bright bedspreads , art reproductions and posters from exhibitions in florence , had been taken over by the pargeters , who would soon reduce it to a tip .

In the public domain they are more overtly directed to promoting social ends .
in the public [area] they are more overtly directed to promoting social ends .

Although Ferdinand 's domain was much reduced by the advance of the Turks into Hungary and Croatia , the association of the Hungarians and Croats with the Habsburgs remained until 1918 .
although ferdinand 's [area] was much reduced by the advance of the turks into hungary and croatia , the association of the hungarians and croats with the habsburgs remained until 1918 .

He rolled the disc over segments of the city , the cross-hairs neatly quartering his domain .
he rolled the disc over segments of the city , the cross-hairs neatly quartering his [area] .

Only the public expenditure costs have been counted , not those which fall within the private , domestic domain ( Rimmer , 1983 ; Parker , 1990a ) .
only the public expenditure costs have been counted , not those which fall within the private , domestic [area] ( rimmer , 1983 ; parker , 1990a ) .

Indeed , because care-giving is so crucially important to current community care policies , it is increasingly difficult to keep it entirely confined within the private domestic domain .
indeed , because care-giving is so crucially important to current community care policies , it is increasingly difficult to keep it entirely confined within the private domestic [area] .

The extracellular domain has an adhesion site towards the N-terminal region and several calcium binding sites .
the extracellular [area] has an adhesion site towards the n-terminal region and several calcium binding sites .

Linkage of the cytoplasmic domain to the cytoskeleton through proteins known as catenins is necessary for cadherin function .
linkage of the cytoplasmic [area] to the cytoskeleton through proteins known as catenins is necessary for cadherin function .

The immunoglobulin superfamily is large and diverse probably because the basic structure of the immunoglobulin domain is versatile and readily adaptable to different binding functions .
the immunoglobulin superfamily is large and diverse probably because the basic structure of the immunoglobulin [area] is versatile and readily adaptable to different binding functions .

Since 1914 `` , notes Nizan , `` the whole of life is in the public domain … nobody can escape from the world any longer .
since 1914 `` , notes nizan , `` the whole of life is in the public [area] … nobody can escape from the world any longer .

s This sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in French society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .
s this sudden explosion of the public into the private [area] after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in french society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .

Existential claims are more naturally expressed within the context of a specific domain of discourse .
existential claims are more naturally expressed within the context of a specific [area] of discourse .

The main thesis , as we saw , was that existential propositions involving a qualified quantification into a specified domain can be replaced by propositions about the validity of certain inferences .
the main thesis , as we saw , was that existential propositions involving a qualified quantification into a specified [area] can be replaced by propositions about the validity of certain inferences .

The largest basic domain within the amino terminal region is underlined .
the largest basic [area] within the amino terminal region is underlined .

Minton may have selected which title he was to illustrate , as Le Grand Meaulnes , formerly translated as The Lost Domain , was a book he recommended to friends .
minton may have selected which title he was to illustrate , as le grand meaulnes , formerly translated as the lost [area] , was a book he recommended to friends .

The results are sought not so much to enrich the domain of research with fundamentally new findings as to demonstrate the validity of some new form of automatic processing .
the results are sought not so much to enrich the [area] of research with fundamentally new findings as to demonstrate the validity of some new form of automatic processing .

Though admission to the Bar is still largely the domain of the individual Inns , the formal education of the trainee barrister is centralized through the Inns of Court School of Law run by the Council of Legal Education , which is a committee of Senate .
though admission to the bar is still largely the [area] of the individual inns , the formal education of the trainee barrister is centralized through the inns of court school of law run by the council of legal education , which is a committee of senate .

These elements are introduced in the preceding co-text and form part of what has been described as ‘ the domain of discourse ’ ( cf .
these elements are introduced in the preceding co-text and form part of what has been described as ‘ the [area] of discourse ’ ( cf .

Within the domain of a particular discourse fragment are the people , places , entities , events , facts , etc .
within the [area] of a particular discourse fragment are the people , places , entities , events , facts , etc .

The topic framework consists of elements derivable from the physical context and from the discourse domain of any discourse fragment .
the topic framework consists of elements derivable from the physical context and from the discourse [area] of any discourse fragment .

each state in the domain of learning can be described by a ( long ) string of similar entries , such as real numbers or binary bits , and each such string describes some state ;
each state in the [area] of learning can be described by a ( long ) string of similar entries , such as real numbers or binary bits , and each such string describes some state ;

If on the other hand they are not sitting in that capacity , it was agreed that they are performing functions in the public domain , and judicial review would in principle be available .
if on the other hand they are not sitting in that capacity , it was agreed that they are performing functions in the public [area] , and judicial review would in principle be available .

Mr. Collins said that once it was accepted that Lautro operated in the public domain in the public interest , then certain consequences had also to be accepted .
mr. collins said that once it was accepted that lautro operated in the public [area] in the public interest , then certain consequences had also to be accepted .

Mr. Collins said that any person whose interest are directly affected by a decision of a body acting in the public domain must ordinarily be given the opportunity of knowing what is alleged against him and of making representations to the decision taker .
mr. collins said that any person whose interest are directly affected by a decision of a body acting in the public [area] must ordinarily be given the opportunity of knowing what is alleged against him and of making representations to the decision taker .

Mr. Browne 's next argument centres upon the extent to which these documents are now , as he contends , already in the public domain following the hearing of the appellant 's criminal appeal .
mr. browne 's next argument centres upon the extent to which these documents are now , as he contends , already in the public [area] following the hearing of the appellant 's criminal appeal .

Paula Rego 's sequence of prints , inspired by nursery rhymes , actually seizes on language itself as a female domain , originating with the mother , in the nursery , and extended through play and gossip , as depicted in her etching ‘ Secrets and Whispers ’ , and the one she has given to New Hall , ‘ Encampment ’ , which appropriately has been hung in the Senior Common Room , a place to gather and talk , tell stories , exchange ideas .
paula rego 's sequence of prints , inspired by nursery rhymes , actually seizes on language itself as a female [area] , originating with the mother , in the nursery , and extended through play and gossip , as depicted in her etching ‘ secrets and whispers ’ , and the one she has given to new hall , ‘ encampment ’ , which appropriately has been hung in the senior common room , a place to gather and talk , tell stories , exchange ideas .

The denotational semantics of map each process into a domain with a partial order according to which one process is greater than another if it is better defined , or more predictable .
the denotational semantics of map each process into a [area] with a partial order according to which one process is greater than another if it is better defined , or more predictable .

But it had begun before then , earlier that year , when he had visited Hal Shepherd in the Domain .
but it had begun before then , earlier that year , when he had visited hal shepherd in the [area] .

’ But science was a better way to approach this Mystery than any dogmatic religion could be in the nineteenth century : ‘ We claim , and we shall wrest from theology , the entire domain of cosmological theory .
’ but science was a better way to approach this mystery than any dogmatic religion could be in the nineteenth century : ‘ we claim , and we shall wrest from theology , the entire [area] of cosmological theory .

Look your fill on my domain for , once inside , you will never come out .
look your fill on my [area] for , once inside , you will never come out .

And since there is no place in the known world which is not the Kha-Khan 's domain , you would be an outlaw .
and since there is no place in the known world which is not the kha-khan 's [area] , you would be an outlaw .

People assume they own part of you , on no matter how small an acquaintance ; while if you are reckless enough to write a book , this puts your bank account , your medical records , and the state of your marriage irrevocably into the public domain .
people assume they own part of you , on no matter how small an acquaintance ; while if you are reckless enough to write a book , this puts your bank account , your medical records , and the state of your marriage irrevocably into the public [area] .

Philip claims that this is a domain as yet unexplored by psychoanalysis , and he suggests that possibly this is just as well : ‘ Some call it truth , some creation , some fiction , history , memory or mere jingling of bells .
philip claims that this is a [area] as yet unexplored by psychoanalysis , and he suggests that possibly this is just as well : ‘ some call it truth , some creation , some fiction , history , memory or mere jingling of bells .

Stella is a wild card both in the deepest recesses of Serena 's own mind and in the domain of middlemen , for Stella is the only character in the novel who is exempt from this status : ‘ Stella was in effect her own middleman , alone in the world , selling her personality , and very badly ’ ( 30 ) .
stella is a wild card both in the deepest recesses of serena 's own mind and in the [area] of middlemen , for stella is the only character in the novel who is exempt from this status : ‘ stella was in effect her own middleman , alone in the world , selling her personality , and very badly ’ ( 30 ) .

The spider 's web is clearly a pernicious weapon ; like the network of branches out of which it grows , it frames and structures all that falls within its domain .
the spider 's web is clearly a pernicious weapon ; like the network of branches out of which it grows , it frames and structures all that falls within its [area] .

The discourse of authority represented by customs is outwitted when the text escapes into the domain of personal relations through a semantic back-door in the word ‘ declaration ’ .
the discourse of authority represented by customs is outwitted when the text escapes into the [area] of personal relations through a semantic back-door in the word ‘ declaration ’ .

In these examples descriptions of exchange and the crossing of frontiers illustrate the move from one discursive domain to another , showing how such actions can be made to function as textual manoeuvres and figure the metaphoric strategies of the imagination .
in these examples descriptions of exchange and the crossing of frontiers illustrate the move from one discursive [area] to another , showing how such actions can be made to function as textual manoeuvres and figure the metaphoric strategies of the imagination .

They are forced to operate in the pre-subjective domain of the specular imaginary , using a tactic of ‘ mimétisme ’ ( subversive mimesis ) that Irigaray both describes and illustrates in her writing .
they are forced to operate in the pre-subjective [area] of the specular imaginary , using a tactic of ‘ mimétisme ’ ( subversive mimesis ) that irigaray both describes and illustrates in her writing .

Woman 's domain is that of private relations and psychological matters , while men deal with the public concerns of politics and economic affairs .
woman 's [area] is that of private relations and psychological matters , while men deal with the public concerns of politics and economic affairs .

The four novels deal with the status of the genre relative to the public discourses of the media and the discourses of specialized expertise in the domain of communications technology , both of which have become contemporary discourses of authority .
the four novels deal with the status of the genre relative to the public discourses of the media and the discourses of specialized expertise in the [area] of communications technology , both of which have become contemporary discourses of authority .

Though the novel is not the sole domain of either narrative or fiction , in contemporary Western culture it exemplifies both .
though the novel is not the sole [area] of either narrative or fiction , in contemporary western culture it exemplifies both .

Far from being a romantic reaction against science , this represents an effort to make people recognize that the scientific concepts which permeate our society have implications far beyond the immediate domain of their technical application , and that they are rooted in seemingly more primitive modes of thought such as story-telling .
far from being a romantic reaction against science , this represents an effort to make people recognize that the scientific concepts which permeate our society have implications far beyond the immediate [area] of their technical application , and that they are rooted in seemingly more primitive modes of thought such as story-telling .

According to Leat and Gay : ‘ Payment for care schemes attempt to overcome the weaknesses of bureaucratically organised statutory care by buying in the strengths of care in the private domain whilst at the same time overcoming the weaknesses of informal sector care ’ .
according to leat and gay : ‘ payment for care schemes attempt to overcome the weaknesses of bureaucratically organised statutory care by buying in the strengths of care in the private [area] whilst at the same time overcoming the weaknesses of informal sector care ’ .

Simon 's burgeoning career at the Medical Office in the 1860s coincided with the consolidation of the status of the medical profession , both as a privileged domain of expertise and as a distinctive cultural grouping within the middle-class .
simon 's burgeoning career at the medical office in the 1860s coincided with the consolidation of the status of the medical profession , both as a privileged [area] of expertise and as a distinctive cultural grouping within the middle-class .

Passing through Parliament with little immediate opposition , the contagious diseases legislation was a significant manifestation of consensus politics , marking the application of precision social engineering to the domain of sexuality .
passing through parliament with little immediate opposition , the contagious diseases legislation was a significant manifestation of consensus politics , marking the application of precision social engineering to the [area] of sexuality .

But they do point to the complex inter-relation between official discourses and the domain of constructed personal experience and pleasure .
but they do point to the complex inter-relation between official discourses and the [area] of constructed personal experience and pleasure .

Nevertheless , much repeal work still displayed the ambiguities which had always marked middle-class women 's participation in the domain of social reform .
nevertheless , much repeal work still displayed the ambiguities which had always marked middle-class women 's participation in the [area] of social reform .

The 1885 Criminal Law Amendment Act signalled a new , more coercive system of state intervention into the domain of sexuality .
the 1885 criminal law amendment act signalled a new , more coercive system of state intervention into the [area] of sexuality .

As we have seen , repeal feminists had not been opposed to moral disciplining but they had promoted it through the more ‘ feminine ’ domain of voluntary agencies , attacking the statist solutions of male professionals .
as we have seen , repeal feminists had not been opposed to moral disciplining but they had promoted it through the more ‘ feminine ’ [area] of voluntary agencies , attacking the statist solutions of male professionals .

The new movement worked vigorously to redefine the domain of sexuality-developing concepts of identity and sexual difference , even a vocabulary of satisfaction and pleasure , which was differentiated from social purity .
the new movement worked vigorously to redefine the [area] of sexuality-developing concepts of identity and sexual difference , even a vocabulary of satisfaction and pleasure , which was differentiated from social purity .

As in the 1830s and 1840s , this medico-moral domain specified key concepts of sexuality as part of its concerns .
as in the 1830s and 1840s , this medico-moral [area] specified key concepts of sexuality as part of its concerns .

In the domain of educational aims , it is possible to pick out three main areas to which linguistics can make important contributions :
in the [area] of educational aims , it is possible to pick out three main areas to which linguistics can make important contributions :

outside the domain of the household , it seems imperative that one look at the sociolinguistic and socioeconomic profiles of the different speech communities and the uses they can and do put their languages to .
outside the [area] of the household , it seems imperative that one look at the sociolinguistic and socioeconomic profiles of the different speech communities and the uses they can and do put their languages to .

Many people need to use more than one language in the same domain .
many people need to use more than one language in the same [area] .

At the outset we looked at the traditional ways in which new developments have been incorporated into the domain of the public services .
at the outset we looked at the traditional ways in which new developments have been incorporated into the [area] of the public services .

More recently , Habermas has distinguished a domain of critical thinking separate from the two domains of purposive means-end thought and thought founded on human interaction .
more recently , habermas has distinguished a [area] of critical thinking separate from the two domains of purposive means-end thought and thought founded on human interaction .

In each domain , what counts as being rational can go on being developed .
in each [area] , what counts as being rational can go on being developed .

In short , in the domain of Lernfreiheit as well as Lerfreiheit , academic freedom is an achievement concept .
in short , in the [area] of lernfreiheit as well as lerfreiheit , academic freedom is an achievement concept .

For what is being implied is that graduates should be able to internalize the whole universe of knowledge , because in theory all knowledge is interconnected and critique can draw upon any domain of knowledge in the act of placing or evaluating a discipline .
for what is being implied is that graduates should be able to internalize the whole universe of knowledge , because in theory all knowledge is interconnected and critique can draw upon any [area] of knowledge in the act of placing or evaluating a discipline .

If students really want to understand a form of thought or a professional domain , they ought not to graduate without some inkling of those wider connections .
if students really want to understand a form of thought or a professional [area] , they ought not to graduate without some inkling of those wider connections .

It was also clear that the first of a number of PostScript clones , the language definition has always been in the public domain , were beginning to come to the market .
it was also clear that the first of a number of postscript clones , the language definition has always been in the public [area] , were beginning to come to the market .

The definition of the PostScript language has always been in the public domain and Adobe always anticipated that other companies would produce versions of it .
the definition of the postscript language has always been in the public [area] and adobe always anticipated that other companies would produce versions of it .

Jenks charted new courses in two worlds : in the domain of international law ; and in the theory and practice of international organizations .
jenks charted new courses in two worlds : in the [area] of international law ; and in the theory and practice of international organizations .

The charter granted Calvert palatinate powers over a domain of almost seven million acres from what had once belonged to Virginia .
the charter granted calvert palatinate powers over a [area] of almost seven million acres from what had once belonged to virginia .

In 1891 came the publication of African Aphorisms , or Saws from Swahililand , an annotated collection of some 600 proverbs ; the work ( reissued in 1924 ) provided an outlet for his immense erudition , and became recognized as a classic in the domain of Swahili studies .
in 1891 came the publication of african aphorisms , or saws from swahililand , an annotated collection of some 600 proverbs ; the work ( reissued in 1924 ) provided an outlet for his immense erudition , and became recognized as a classic in the [area] of swahili studies .

The magnetosphere is the magnetic ‘ sphere of influence ’ of a planet , a domain which is limited by the interaction between the magnetic field of the planet and the solar wind .
the magnetosphere is the magnetic ‘ sphere of influence ’ of a planet , a [area] which is limited by the interaction between the magnetic field of the planet and the solar wind .

Gregory Butler has long been a field leader in this domain .
gregory butler has long been a field leader in this [area] .

Although environmental risks have grown into the business domain in the last decade , they are not being accepted whole-heartedly by the insurance industry .
although environmental risks have grown into the business [area] in the last decade , they are not being accepted whole-heartedly by the insurance industry .

Moreover , it is the area in which emotions and feelings are educated ; it engages the effective domain in drama , song , movement , prayer , words and gestures , symbols and colour and , consequently , has a more direct emotional impact than doctrine .
moreover , it is the area in which emotions and feelings are educated ; it engages the effective [area] in drama , song , movement , prayer , words and gestures , symbols and colour and , consequently , has a more direct emotional impact than doctrine .

Lyons boldly lists the following ( 1977a : 574 ) , over and above universal principles of logic and language usage : ( i ) knowledge of role and status ( where role covers both role in the speech event , as speaker or addressee , and social role , and status covers notions of relative social standing ) , ( ii ) knowledge of spatial and temporal location , ( iii ) knowledge of formality level , ( iv ) knowledge of the medium ( roughly the code or style appropriate to a channel , like the distinction between written and spoken varieties of a language ) , ( v ) knowledge of appropriate subject matter , ( vi ) knowledge of appropriate province ( or domain determining the register of a language ) .
lyons boldly lists the following ( 1977a : 574 ) , over and above universal principles of logic and language usage : ( i ) knowledge of role and status ( where role covers both role in the speech event , as speaker or addressee , and social role , and status covers notions of relative social standing ) , ( ii ) knowledge of spatial and temporal location , ( iii ) knowledge of formality level , ( iv ) knowledge of the medium ( roughly the code or style appropriate to a channel , like the distinction between written and spoken varieties of a language ) , ( v ) knowledge of appropriate subject matter , ( vi ) knowledge of appropriate province ( or [area] determining the register of a language ) .

We can then think of a theory as a function in the mathematical sense , which assigns one set of entities ( the domain ) to another set of entities ( the range ) , and the question is , what are these sets of entities ?
we can then think of a theory as a function in the mathematical sense , which assigns one set of entities ( the [area] ) to another set of entities ( the range ) , and the question is , what are these sets of entities ?

Since a sentence plus its context of use can be called an utterance , Katz 's suggestion amounts to the idea that a pragmatic theory is a function whose domain is the set of utterances and whose range is the set of propositions .
since a sentence plus its context of use can be called an utterance , katz 's suggestion amounts to the idea that a pragmatic theory is a function whose [area] is the set of utterances and whose range is the set of propositions .

Secondly , they would need to be aware of the interactional domain ( e.g .
secondly , they would need to be aware of the interactional [area] ( e.g .

The purpose of this thought experiment is to draw attention to the fact that a number of pragmatic phenomena can be explicated by reference to just these sorts of features : for example , as we shall see , deixis can be thought of as based on the assumption of mutual orientation , presupposition on the assumption of shared knowledge of a domain and its updating , speech acts on the making explicit , for other participants , of one 's interactional goals , conversational implicature on the assumption of interactional co-operation , and so on .
the purpose of this thought experiment is to draw attention to the fact that a number of pragmatic phenomena can be explicated by reference to just these sorts of features : for example , as we shall see , deixis can be thought of as based on the assumption of mutual orientation , presupposition on the assumption of shared knowledge of a [area] and its updating , speech acts on the making explicit , for other participants , of one 's interactional goals , conversational implicature on the assumption of interactional co-operation , and so on .

However , by at least some of the views that we reviewed in Chapter 1 , deixis belongs within the domain of pragmatics , because it directly concerns the relationship between the structure of languages and the contexts in which they are used .
however , by at least some of the views that we reviewed in chapter 1 , deixis belongs within the [area] of pragmatics , because it directly concerns the relationship between the structure of languages and the contexts in which they are used .

Vocatives can be divided into calls , or summonses , as in ( 47 ) , and addresses , as in ( 48 ) ( Zwicky , 1974 ) : ( 47 ) Hey you , you just scratched my car with your frisbee ( 48 ) The truth is , Madam , nothing is as good nowadays The distinction is precisely that between gestural and symbolic usages , applied in this domain .
vocatives can be divided into calls , or summonses , as in ( 47 ) , and addresses , as in ( 48 ) ( zwicky , 1974 ) : ( 47 ) hey you , you just scratched my car with your frisbee ( 48 ) the truth is , madam , nothing is as good nowadays the distinction is precisely that between gestural and symbolic usages , applied in this [area] .

Thus , social deixis can be systematically restricted to the study of facts that lie firmly within the scope of structural studies of linguistic systems , leaving the study of usage to another domain .
thus , social deixis can be systematically restricted to the study of facts that lie firmly within the scope of structural studies of linguistic systems , leaving the study of usage to another [area] .

Such a conflict of conversational goals is the domain of pragmatics and will be dealt with later , but its seriousness is strongly implied by Anderson 's very flawed linguistic performance even as he resorts to a higher lexical register to excuse his actions .
such a conflict of conversational goals is the [area] of pragmatics and will be dealt with later , but its seriousness is strongly implied by anderson 's very flawed linguistic performance even as he resorts to a higher lexical register to excuse his actions .

Equally absurd in this context — although not in the domain of syntactic knowledge — would be the Chomskyan argument that Shakespeare et al .
equally absurd in this context — although not in the [area] of syntactic knowledge — would be the chomskyan argument that shakespeare et al .

In recent cases , the courts have virtually applied a presumption in favour of granting the injunction until trial , on the basis that if the information is allowed into the public domain the plaintiff will be unable to repair the damage .
in recent cases , the courts have virtually applied a presumption in favour of granting the injunction until trial , on the basis that if the information is allowed into the public [area] the plaintiff will be unable to repair the damage .

The House of Lords in two subsequent cases has retreated from the position it adopted in the original litigation , by making plain that the Government must prove some damage to the national interest and that no such damage can be established where the information has already been placed in the public domain by being published abroad .
the house of lords in two subsequent cases has retreated from the position it adopted in the original litigation , by making plain that the government must prove some damage to the national interest and that no such damage can be established where the information has already been placed in the public [area] by being published abroad .

Should ‘ police records ’ enter the public domain ?
should ‘ police records ’ enter the public [area] ?

The creation and keeping of records in a local authority takes place in a very specific political , legal and geographical context — with all the social and cultural connotations that come with records-keeping in the public domain .
the creation and keeping of records in a local authority takes place in a very specific political , legal and geographical context — with all the social and cultural connotations that come with records-keeping in the public [area] .

After defining the domain of electronic mail — business communication networks , bulletin boards/listservers , and voice mail — the paper investigates the issues of use .
after defining the [area] of electronic mail — business communication networks , bulletin boards/listservers , and voice mail — the paper investigates the issues of use .

Each subnet has its own ‘ domain ’ and applies controls within that domain .
each subnet has its own ‘ [area] ’ and applies controls within that [area] .

Databases can be : private exchange type , public domain , or commercial ( pay as you use or free , to identify bona fide users as potential customers ) .
databases can be : private exchange type , public [area] , or commercial ( pay as you use or free , to identify bona fide users as potential customers ) .

a list server as described above — a news group where the managers of the domain have been persuaded ( e.g .
a list server as described above — a news group where the managers of the [area] have been persuaded ( e.g .

The domain managers ’ role ends at ensuring it is a sufficiently supported initiative to allow it to start .
the [area] managers ’ role ends at ensuring it is a sufficiently supported initiative to allow it to start .

databases accessed through that domain ;
databases accessed through that [area] ;

The domain is an important part of one 's Internet mailing address .
the [area] is an important part of one 's internet mailing address .

Figuratively ( literally in an increasing number of cases ) , machine-readable information is inherently in the public domain .
figuratively ( literally in an increasing number of cases ) , machine-readable information is inherently in the public [area] .

The buses were parked and the children filed through the gate which led to their own fenced-off domain .
the buses were parked and the children filed through the gate which led to their own fenced-off [area] .

At its most liberal this concept of housing design perceived the interiors of houses and in particular kitchens to be the women 's domain .
at its most liberal this concept of housing design perceived the interiors of houses and in particular kitchens to be the women 's [area] .

And there is , too , the fact that Cable 's handling of half-line or line patterns reveals not only their structure , but the processes by which the structures were arrived at — as in his remarks about finite-state processing , and the apparent fact that metrical composition is ( or may be ) largely a process of entailment , where decisions taken in one part of a metrical domain have profound consequences elsewhere .
and there is , too , the fact that cable 's handling of half-line or line patterns reveals not only their structure , but the processes by which the structures were arrived at — as in his remarks about finite-state processing , and the apparent fact that metrical composition is ( or may be ) largely a process of entailment , where decisions taken in one part of a metrical [area] have profound consequences elsewhere .

Incredibly , there was a time when we liked to think that sophisticated tool use was an exclusively human domain .
incredibly , there was a time when we liked to think that sophisticated tool use was an exclusively human [area] .

Those waters remained the domain of the jellyfish and other floating invertebrates .
those waters remained the [area] of the jellyfish and other floating invertebrates .

First , as they add new words to their repertoires , they stop over-extending words from the same domain already in their vocabulary ( Clark 1973a ; Barrett , 1978 ) .
first , as they add new words to their repertoires , they stop over-extending words from the same [area] already in their vocabulary ( clark 1973a ; barrett , 1978 ) .

When children add new words to a domain , they typically assume that the words apply at the same level , and so contrast .
when children add new words to a [area] , they typically assume that the words apply at the same level , and so contrast .

For example , although they may initially over-extend a word like dog to a variety of different four-legged mammals , they cease to apply it to any part of the domain newly taken over with the acquisition of a new word .
for example , although they may initially over-extend a word like dog to a variety of different four-legged mammals , they cease to apply it to any part of the [area] newly taken over with the acquisition of a new word .

In each lexical domain , children appear to make the same assumption : newly acquired words contrast with those already known .
in each lexical [area] , children appear to make the same assumption : newly acquired words contrast with those already known .

That is , children relied on Contrast in making their inferences , and where specific ‘ local ’ information about the domain pertinent to the contrast was available , they made use of it ( see also Clark , 1978a ; Heibeck and Markman , 1987 ) .
that is , children relied on contrast in making their inferences , and where specific ‘ local ’ information about the [area] pertinent to the contrast was available , they made use of it ( see also clark , 1978a ; heibeck and markman , 1987 ) .

Presumably , the closer the referents of the familiar terms in a domain are to the potential referent of an unfamiliar word , the more specific are the inferences that children can legitimately make .
presumably , the closer the referents of the familiar terms in a [area] are to the potential referent of an unfamiliar word , the more specific are the inferences that children can legitimately make .

In summary , the questions in studies of more and less have revolved around three issues : ( a ) whether children have full or only partial lexical knowledge about the pertinent word meanings ; ( b ) the extent to which children rely on non-linguistic strategies in the absence of lexical information ( clearly children know none of the pertinent meanings at first for a domain , and several studies have documented the kinds of non-linguistic strategies they then rely on in responding to instructions — see Clark , 1973b , 1979,1980 ; Donaldson and McGarrigle , 1974 ) ; and ( c ) whether children observe the principle of Contrast .
in summary , the questions in studies of more and less have revolved around three issues : ( a ) whether children have full or only partial lexical knowledge about the pertinent word meanings ; ( b ) the extent to which children rely on non-linguistic strategies in the absence of lexical information ( clearly children know none of the pertinent meanings at first for a [area] , and several studies have documented the kinds of non-linguistic strategies they then rely on in responding to instructions — see clark , 1973b , 1979,1980 ; donaldson and mcgarrigle , 1974 ) ; and ( c ) whether children observe the principle of contrast .

An arrow shot almost accidentally by the Bishop of Bradford had given the press an excuse to break their self-imposed conspiracy of silence and bring the whole matter into the public domain .
an arrow shot almost accidentally by the bishop of bradford had given the press an excuse to break their self-imposed conspiracy of silence and bring the whole matter into the public [area] .

( iv ) There is no absolute consistency of style with a given domain , and therefore , in measuring the overall statistical properties of texts , we may fail to capture significant variations of style .
( iv ) there is no absolute consistency of style with a given [area] , and therefore , in measuring the overall statistical properties of texts , we may fail to capture significant variations of style .

Cross-references to this appendix are given by italic numbers , ( eg 16 ) From Joseph Conrad , The Secret Sharer On my right hand there were lines of fishing-stakes resembling a mysterious system of half-submerged bamboo fences , incomprehensible in its division of the domain of tropical fishes , and crazy of aspect as if abandoned forever by some nomad tribe of fishermen now gone to the other end of the ocean ; for there was no sign of human habitation as far as the eye could reach ( 1 ) .
cross-references to this appendix are given by italic numbers , ( eg 16 ) from joseph conrad , the secret sharer on my right hand there were lines of fishing-stakes resembling a mysterious system of half-submerged bamboo fences , incomprehensible in its division of the [area] of tropical fishes , and crazy of aspect as if abandoned forever by some nomad tribe of fishermen now gone to the other end of the ocean ; for there was no sign of human habitation as far as the eye could reach ( 1 ) .

First , we may notice that almost half the concrete nouns refer to general topographical features which , as it were , divide the field of vision into geographical areas and points of focus : domain , ocean , islets , sea , shore , sky , river , earth , cloud , guy , etc .
first , we may notice that almost half the concrete nouns refer to general topographical features which , as it were , divide the field of vision into geographical areas and points of focus : [area] , ocean , islets , sea , shore , sky , river , earth , cloud , guy , etc .

The answer must lie to some degree in effectiveness and involvement , in other words whether the discovery method as well as giving some general introduction to scientific method satisfies the educator 's broader aims of working through the affective domain , of stimulating active thought rather than passive reception , of positively influencing motivation .
the answer must lie to some degree in effectiveness and involvement , in other words whether the discovery method as well as giving some general introduction to scientific method satisfies the educator 's broader aims of working through the affective [area] , of stimulating active thought rather than passive reception , of positively influencing motivation .

The worst that can happen is that its domain of applicability becomes circumscribed .
the worst that can happen is that its [area] of applicability becomes circumscribed .

Quantum theory must produce the same goods in the large-scale domain as those of Newtonian mechanics which works so well .
quantum theory must produce the same goods in the large-scale [area] as those of newtonian mechanics which works so well .

Our macroscopic world is precise ; it is the domain of classical Newtonian physics .
our macroscopic world is precise ; it is the [area] of classical newtonian physics .

The microscopic quantum world is imprecise ; it is the domain of Heisenberg uncertainty .
the microscopic quantum world is imprecise ; it is the [area] of heisenberg uncertainty .

The pleasure of experiencing literature that `` joyous thing `` were intended to elevate the student into an affective domain where they might be imbued with a higher moral tone .
the pleasure of experiencing literature that `` joyous thing `` were intended to elevate the student into an affective [area] where they might be imbued with a higher moral tone .

It should be noted that the domain of `` reality `` to which the Report here refers is taken to encompass both the essence of true English cultural and racial identity and true humanity .
it should be noted that the [area] of `` reality `` to which the report here refers is taken to encompass both the essence of true english cultural and racial identity and true humanity .

This places his discourse firmly in the domain of public cultural policy and returns us directly to the concerns of the Newbolt Committee , indeed to one of its major areas of anxiety : `` Whether the class.consciousness which has hitherto formed the chief force of [ linguistic ] stability in Great Britain , will continue to influence the masses , has yet to be seen . ``
this places his discourse firmly in the [area] of public cultural policy and returns us directly to the concerns of the newbolt committee , indeed to one of its major areas of anxiety : `` whether the class.consciousness which has hitherto formed the chief force of [ linguistic ] stability in great britain , will continue to influence the masses , has yet to be seen . ``

Having created their masterpiece , they 're hardly going to just sit on it ( and spin ) — putting it into the Public Domain is a very cost-effective method of bringing their work to the attention of leading software development houses ( Ashley Routledge and David Saunders of Poseidon and St Dragon fame started out this way ) . Who knows , maybe their works of art might inspire commercial programmers to new heights of creativity …
having created their masterpiece , they 're hardly going to just sit on it ( and spin ) — putting it into the public [area] is a very cost-effective method of bringing their work to the attention of leading software development houses ( ashley routledge and david saunders of poseidon and st dragon fame started out this way ) . who knows , maybe their works of art might inspire commercial programmers to new heights of creativity …

The location of certain family members , in particular women and children , in the private domain in which ‘ the King 's writ does not seek to run , and to which its officers do not seek to be admitted ’ ensures their silence .
the location of certain family members , in particular women and children , in the private [area] in which ‘ the king 's writ does not seek to run , and to which its officers do not seek to be admitted ’ ensures their silence .

English law shall apply to any claim made against Amsterdam Travel Service Limited and all proceedings shall be within the exclusive domain of the English Courts .
english law shall apply to any claim made against amsterdam travel service limited and all proceedings shall be within the exclusive [area] of the english courts .

From 1063 to 1202 , the duchy of Gascony was held with Aquitaine by the counts of Poitou , but it was , unlike Poitou , held as an autonomous domain .
from 1063 to 1202 , the duchy of gascony was held with aquitaine by the counts of poitou , but it was , unlike poitou , held as an autonomous [area] .

In 1982 , ( fifty years , after the sculptor 's death excluding the statutory ‘ war years ’ ) Rodin 's work moved into the public domain , although the Musée Rodin retained its ‘ droit moral ’ .
in 1982 , ( fifty years , after the sculptor 's death excluding the statutory ‘ war years ’ ) rodin 's work moved into the public [area] , although the musée rodin retained its ‘ droit moral ’ .

The protection period however does expire eventually and , thereafter , the copyright holder has no further rights ; the work is then ‘ in the public domain ’ and can be freely reproduced and adapted without payment of a royalty .
the protection period however does expire eventually and , thereafter , the copyright holder has no further rights ; the work is then ‘ in the public [area] ’ and can be freely reproduced and adapted without payment of a royalty .

Thus one finds discrimination against women not only in society at large , but in the academic domain .
thus one finds discrimination against women not only in society at large , but in the academic [area] .

The northern Swanwic formed a very large domain , formerly held by the wife of Hugh Fitzgrip .
the northern swanwic formed a very large [area] , formerly held by the wife of hugh fitzgrip .

Other researchers [ McKinnon , 1975 ] have applied the statistical techniques of cluster analysis to samples of language that conform to regular patterns within a specific subject domain ( known as ’ sublanguages ’ ) .
other researchers [ mckinnon , 1975 ] have applied the statistical techniques of cluster analysis to samples of language that conform to regular patterns within a specific subject [area] ( known as ’ sublanguages ’ ) .

— word senses vary according to subject area or domain ;
— word senses vary according to subject area or [area] ;

Black [ 1988 ] compared experimentally three techniques for sense discrimination : a domain general method and two domain specific methods .
black [ 1988 ] compared experimentally three techniques for sense discrimination : a [area] general method and two [area] specific methods .

In applications where the domain is restricted or known in advance , semantic knowledge structures can be used to constrain the range of words that are statistically likely to occur within that subject area .
in applications where the [area] is restricted or known in advance , semantic knowledge structures can be used to constrain the range of words that are statistically likely to occur within that subject area .

Recognition ( not understanding ) is the objective ; and when applied to a limited domain , only a subset of the language may be necessary .
recognition ( not understanding ) is the objective ; and when applied to a limited [area] , only a subset of the language may be necessary .

It may be typical of many business letters , but it is still only one sample of data , and as such represents only one domain — in this case that of banking .
it may be typical of many business letters , but it is still only one sample of data , and as such represents only one [area] — in this case that of banking .

The significant results achieved using this text may have been specific to this domain and hence not necessarily repeatable in other domains ( i.e .
the significant results achieved using this text may have been specific to this [area] and hence not necessarily repeatable in other domains ( i.e .

3.4.1 Domain Specificity
3.4.1 [area] specificity

Test data was gathered by random selection from each domain until the target of approximately 17 sentences per domain had been met .
test data was gathered by random selection from each [area] until the target of approximately 17 sentences per [area] had been met .

it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word in favour of alternative candidates within the domain of banking .
it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word in favour of alternative candidates within the [area] of banking .

it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word from alternative candidates within the domain of estate agents .
it can be said with 99 % confidence that the technique selects the correct word from alternative candidates within the [area] of estate agents .

no evidence to suggest that the technique makes a significant contribution to the recognition process within the domain of music .
no evidence to suggest that the technique makes a significant contribution to the recognition process within the [area] of music .

These results are based on considerably expanded sample sizes so may be accepted as being more representative of the expected performance within each domain .
these results are based on considerably expanded sample sizes so may be accepted as being more representative of the expected performance within each [area] .

This explanation is concerned with the ’ accessibility ’ of the domain , i.e .
this explanation is concerned with the ’ accessibility ’ of the [area] , i.e .

The type of terminology used in a business letter taken from the domain of banking is relatively well used in everyday life and consequently well understood .
the type of terminology used in a business letter taken from the [area] of banking is relatively well used in everyday life and consequently well understood .

In other words , the more ’ everyday ’ a domain is , the more ’ everyday ’ its constituent words will be , and the more they fit into stereotypical patterns of usage that are quoted as examples in the dictionary definitions .
in other words , the more ’ everyday ’ a [area] is , the more ’ everyday ’ its constituent words will be , and the more they fit into stereotypical patterns of usage that are quoted as examples in the dictionary definitions .

However , when language is used within a specific domain , it is often the case that only a subset of those senses is appropriate .
however , when language is used within a specific [area] , it is often the case that only a subset of those senses is appropriate .

It follows therefore that if the domain is known , it may be advantageous to eliminate the alternative word senses from a definition so that processing focuses only on those that are relevant to the domain .
it follows therefore that if the [area] is known , it may be advantageous to eliminate the alternative word senses from a definition so that processing focuses only on those that are relevant to the [area] .

For example , if definitions within a domain can be halved , i.e .
for example , if definitions within a [area] can be halved , i.e .

This compression of definitions is achieved by a process involving the ’ filtering ’ of definitions through a filter set chosen to represent the core vocabulary of a domain ( in this case , that of banking ) .
this compression of definitions is achieved by a process involving the ’ filtering ’ of definitions through a filter set chosen to represent the core vocabulary of a [area] ( in this case , that of banking ) .

This may be done using a frequency distribution from a domain corpus .
this may be done using a frequency distribution from a [area] corpus .

The core vocabulary is usually derived by taking a frequency distribution of a domain corpus , comparing this with a frequency distribution from a general corpus , and sorting according to distinctiveness .
the core vocabulary is usually derived by taking a frequency distribution of a [area] corpus , comparing this with a frequency distribution from a general corpus , and sorting according to distinctiveness .

In this way , words in a definition that represent senses inappropriate to a domain will be unlikely to overlap with the filter set , and so be excluded from the new definition .
in this way , words in a definition that represent senses inappropriate to a [area] will be unlikely to overlap with the filter set , and so be excluded from the new definition .

When this definition is filtered through the banking domain filter set it is reduced to 84 words in length .
when this definition is filtered through the banking [area] filter set it is reduced to 84 words in length .

The words relating to the non-financial senses have been largely eliminated , without losing words relevant to this domain .
the words relating to the non-financial senses have been largely eliminated , without losing words relevant to this [area] .

what proportion of the core vocabulary is an adequate representation of the domain for these purposes ? )
what proportion of the core vocabulary is an adequate representation of the [area] for these purposes ? )

Since documents usually have an overall structure , objective and topic , they can be said to represent a particular domain ( e.g .
since documents usually have an overall structure , objective and topic , they can be said to represent a particular [area] ( e.g .

Instead , we need to measure the number of words that have senses related to the same domain , since these are more likely to co-occur in typical usage .
instead , we need to measure the number of words that have senses related to the same [area] , since these are more likely to co-occur in typical usage .

This can be accomplished by collecting a corpus of texts for a chosen domain and producing a frequency distribution for the words therein .
this can be accomplished by collecting a corpus of texts for a chosen [area] and producing a frequency distribution for the words therein .

We find that a proportion of these definition words will be relevant to the domain of banking ( as defined by membership of the domain wordlist ) , whilst the remainder will not ( or have negligible relevance ) .
we find that a proportion of these definition words will be relevant to the [area] of banking ( as defined by membership of the [area] wordlist ) , whilst the remainder will not ( or have negligible relevance ) .

In the definition above , if the words ’ charged ’ , ’ property ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ repayment ’ and ’ purchase ’ were all members of the domain wordlist , we could say that expansion of this word provides a total of 25 content words , of which 5 are directly relevant and hence useful .
in the definition above , if the words ’ charged ’ , ’ property ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ repayment ’ and ’ purchase ’ were all members of the [area] wordlist , we could say that expansion of this word provides a total of 25 content words , of which 5 are directly relevant and hence useful .

In this respect , a noun that is strongly related to a particular domain will have much useful information in its definition ( e.g .
in this respect , a noun that is strongly related to a particular [area] will have much useful information in its definition ( e.g .

Another aspect under scrutiny was the effect of domain on performance , which is shown in Figure 3.4 .
another aspect under scrutiny was the effect of [area] on performance , which is shown in figure 3.4 .

Evidently , once the window size exceeds two or three word positions in any domain , the performance tends to stabilise .
evidently , once the window size exceeds two or three word positions in any [area] , the performance tends to stabilise .

Given that the eventual needs of a working system may be biased towards the domain of Commerce , the results for the Business , Employment and Finance documents take on a particular relevance .
given that the eventual needs of a working system may be biased towards the [area] of commerce , the results for the business , employment and finance documents take on a particular relevance .

Some collocations such as ’ mortgage-property ’ or ’ insurance-client ’ come about because both words are associated with the same context or subject domain .
some collocations such as ’ mortgage-property ’ or ’ insurance-client ’ come about because both words are associated with the same context or subject [area] .

It was appreciated at an early stage that the efficacy of collocational information could vary greatly according to the domain from which it was taken .
it was appreciated at an early stage that the efficacy of collocational information could vary greatly according to the [area] from which it was taken .

For example , collocations extracted from the domain of Banking may be of little use when processing a medical report , since words like ’ charge ’ behave differently when used to describe a type of payment rather than a type of nurse .
for example , collocations extracted from the [area] of banking may be of little use when processing a medical report , since words like ’ charge ’ behave differently when used to describe a type of payment rather than a type of nurse .

However , this investigation used collocations extracted from a domain-specific corpus , and test data taken from the same domain .
however , this investigation used collocations extracted from a domain-specific corpus , and test data taken from the same [area] .

Therefore , it is more accurate to state ( so far ) that collocation information ’ extracted from and used within a specific domain ’ can significantly improve the recognition process .
therefore , it is more accurate to state ( so far ) that collocation information ’ extracted from and used within a specific [area] ’ can significantly improve the recognition process .

In theory , a collocation dictionary created from a large and general corpus should be sufficiently comprehensive to aid the recognition of text taken from almost any domain .
in theory , a collocation dictionary created from a large and general corpus should be sufficiently comprehensive to aid the recognition of text taken from almost any [area] .

In the pilot study , the collocational dictionary was very small , and therefore covered the just correct words ( being from the same domain ) and a few alternative candidates .
in the pilot study , the collocational dictionary was very small , and therefore covered the just correct words ( being from the same [area] ) and a few alternative candidates .

Hence , when used to disambiguate a document taken from the domain of Banking , the second entry is more appropriate , because it is more representative of the likely word senses and collocations found in such a text .
hence , when used to disambiguate a document taken from the [area] of banking , the second entry is more appropriate , because it is more representative of the likely word senses and collocations found in such a text .

This result implies that domain-specific collocations may be superior to general collocations in analysing documents from the same domain .
this result implies that domain-specific collocations may be superior to general collocations in analysing documents from the same [area] .

4.4 Domain Dictionaries
4.4 [area] dictionaries

However , these results were based on sample documents taken from a single domain .
however , these results were based on sample documents taken from a single [area] .

In the pilot study , a domain-specific dictionary was tested with a document from the same domain .
in the pilot study , a domain-specific dictionary was tested with a document from the same [area] .

It is this high degree of commonality , of which the entry for ’ buy ’ is typical , that enables the general dictionary to provide a highly relevant source of information for recognising text from the estate agent 's domain .
it is this high degree of commonality , of which the entry for ’ buy ’ is typical , that enables the general dictionary to provide a highly relevant source of information for recognising text from the estate agent 's [area] .

Each domain-dictionary achieved its highest z-score when used in the recognition of text taken from the same domain .
each domain-dictionary achieved its highest z-score when used in the recognition of text taken from the same [area] .

This is to be expected , since the purpose of a domain-specific dictionary is to capture precisely those collocations that are specific to and therefore representative of that domain , in preference to any others with which the individual words may otherwise be associated .
this is to be expected , since the purpose of a domain-specific dictionary is to capture precisely those collocations that are specific to and therefore representative of that [area] , in preference to any others with which the individual words may otherwise be associated .

Another objective of this investigation was to determine the extent to which collocations taken from one domain could aid the recognition of text taken from another .
another objective of this investigation was to determine the extent to which collocations taken from one [area] could aid the recognition of text taken from another .

What is more important , this result underlines the need for accurate & reliable domain identification .
what is more important , this result underlines the need for accurate & reliable [area] identification .

Evidently , this particular specific dictionary is only of use in recognising text from its own domain .
evidently , this particular specific dictionary is only of use in recognising text from its own [area] .

Were it to be used on any other domain , it is likely that a negative ( and therefore potentially damaging ) effect would result .
were it to be used on any other [area] , it is likely that a negative ( and therefore potentially damaging ) effect would result .

From this set of results it is not clear whether separate domain dictionaries are a necessity .
from this set of results it is not clear whether separate [area] dictionaries are a necessity .

Although the specific dictionary out-performs the general dictionary for Banking text , for the Estate Agents ' text the general dictionary out-performs the domain dictionary .
although the specific dictionary out-performs the general dictionary for banking text , for the estate agents ' text the general dictionary out-performs the [area] dictionary .

not exclusively associated with any particular domain ) and some domain-specific ( i.e .
not exclusively associated with any particular [area] ) and some domain-specific ( i.e .

The first is a practical issue : domain dictionaries are only of use if the domain has been accurately identified in the first place .
the first is a practical issue : [area] dictionaries are only of use if the [area] has been accurately identified in the first place .

It is not necessarily the case that this will have happened , nor can it be assumed that the document in question belongs to a given domain at all ( it may be some sort of hybrid , or simply too ambiguous to fit neatly in one domain ) .
it is not necessarily the case that this will have happened , nor can it be assumed that the document in question belongs to a given [area] at all ( it may be some sort of hybrid , or simply too ambiguous to fit neatly in one [area] ) .

The small collocation dictionary so produced seemed highly plausible , so a previously unseen document from the domain of banking was passed through the confusion program to produce suitable test data .
the small collocation dictionary so produced seemed highly plausible , so a previously unseen document from the [area] of banking was passed through the confusion program to produce suitable test data .

This suggests that there are many language structures that are not exclusively attached to any one domain , and that the only way to provide a collocation dictionary that is sufficiently flexible and comprehensive is to process as large and varied a corpus as possible .
this suggests that there are many language structures that are not exclusively attached to any one [area] , and that the only way to provide a collocation dictionary that is sufficiently flexible and comprehensive is to process as large and varied a corpus as possible .

Firstly , specific dictionaries can only be relied upon if the domain of the test data has been accurately identified in the first place .
firstly , specific dictionaries can only be relied upon if the [area] of the test data has been accurately identified in the first place .

It is not necessarily the case that this will have happened , nor can it be assumed that the data in question fits neatly within a specific domain at all .
it is not necessarily the case that this will have happened , nor can it be assumed that the data in question fits neatly within a specific [area] at all .

In sum , the domain specific dictionaries are less reliable , lack sufficient coverage and are based on optimistic assumptions about domain identification .
in sum , the [area] specific dictionaries are less reliable , lack sufficient coverage and are based on optimistic assumptions about [area] identification .

In Foucault 's work ‘ sexuality ’ is seen as an historical apparatus , and ‘ sex ’ is a ‘ complex idea that was formed within the deployment of sexuality ’ : 'Sexuality must not be thought of as a kind of natural given which power tries to hold in check , or as an obscure domain which knowledge gradually tries to uncover .
in foucault 's work ‘ sexuality ’ is seen as an historical apparatus , and ‘ sex ’ is a ‘ complex idea that was formed within the deployment of sexuality ’ : 'sexuality must not be thought of as a kind of natural given which power tries to hold in check , or as an obscure [area] which knowledge gradually tries to uncover .

Secondly , it is seen as a unified domain .
secondly , it is seen as a unified [area] .

And strikingly , the world of ‘ sexuality ’ developed more or less contemporaneously with the domain of the ‘ economy ’ and of the ‘ social ’ itself .
and strikingly , the world of ‘ sexuality ’ developed more or less contemporaneously with the [area] of the ‘ economy ’ and of the ‘ social ’ itself .

The family remained ostensibly a privileged domain , even while it was being legally and ideologically constructed and unified .
the family remained ostensibly a privileged [area] , even while it was being legally and ideologically constructed and unified .

Lower status samurai , increasingly influential in domain or Bakufu bureaucracies , began to demand a greater say in the running of political affairs .
lower status samurai , increasingly influential in [area] or bakufu bureaucracies , began to demand a greater say in the running of political affairs .

During the late 1850s radical samurai from powerful tozama domains , especially Satsuma in southern Kyushu , and Choshú0 at the western tip of Honshu , began to steer domain policy towards open opposition to the Bakufu .
during the late 1850s radical samurai from powerful tozama domains , especially satsuma in southern kyushu , and choshú0 at the western tip of honshu , began to steer [area] policy towards open opposition to the bakufu .

The Ryúkyús were an autonomous kingdom , but during the Tokugawa period their king had paid regular tribute to China as well as trading with the lord of Satsuma domain in southern Kyushu , who treated the Ryúkyúan king as a vassal .
the ryúkyús were an autonomous kingdom , but during the tokugawa period their king had paid regular tribute to china as well as trading with the lord of satsuma [area] in southern kyushu , who treated the ryúkyúan king as a vassal .

Ties which might provide a basis for group cohesion included regional origins ( reinforced by the domain system ) , shared caste , family relationships or occupation .
ties which might provide a basis for group cohesion included regional origins ( reinforced by the [area] system ) , shared caste , family relationships or occupation .

From the late sixteenth century the size of a domain was expressed in terms of the rice production it could command , and this assessment was made in terms of koku .
from the late sixteenth century the size of a [area] was expressed in terms of the rice production it could command , and this assessment was made in terms of koku .

This was not always apparent due to the degree of autonomy enjoyed by villages within the domain .
this was not always apparent due to the degree of autonomy enjoyed by villages within the [area] .

In practice village elders were usually jointly responsible for the payment of the dues of village members as a whole , and as long as the correct amount was forthcoming , and the village itself reasonably peaceful and law-abiding , the domain authorities tended to concern themselves little with how this was achieved .
in practice village elders were usually jointly responsible for the payment of the dues of village members as a whole , and as long as the correct amount was forthcoming , and the village itself reasonably peaceful and law-abiding , the [area] authorities tended to concern themselves little with how this was achieved .

He chose to make a serious attempt at integrating scientific and religious perspectives , even though his clerical critics would almost certainly not have welcomed the intrusion of science into their domain .
he chose to make a serious attempt at integrating scientific and religious perspectives , even though his clerical critics would almost certainly not have welcomed the intrusion of science into their [area] .

Whereas the role of the astronomer within the Ptolemaic tradition had been custodian of mathematical , predictive devices , Copernicus transformed that role by importing physical arguments into the astronomer 's domain , thereby raising questions about the real motion of the earth .
whereas the role of the astronomer within the ptolemaic tradition had been custodian of mathematical , predictive devices , copernicus transformed that role by importing physical arguments into the astronomer 's [area] , thereby raising questions about the real motion of the earth .

As soon as the language-system is related to concepts such as ‘ objectivity ’ then it is located within the social and ideological domain and concepts in that domain have political and evaluative implications , whether the user wishes to make them or not .
as soon as the language-system is related to concepts such as ‘ objectivity ’ then it is located within the social and ideological [area] and concepts in that [area] have political and evaluative implications , whether the user wishes to make them or not .

Once the linguist ‘ brings over ’ his formal abstract concepts into the cultural domain then , however much he protests that no ranking is intended , the attribution of such qualities as ‘ objectivity ’ to some languages and not others can not but have implications for ranking and for power .
once the linguist ‘ brings over ’ his formal abstract concepts into the cultural [area] then , however much he protests that no ranking is intended , the attribution of such qualities as ‘ objectivity ’ to some languages and not others can not but have implications for ranking and for power .

Oakeshott traces the emergence of the modern state from the transformation of feudal relations into an association defined by law ; in other words , through the transformation of a ‘ lordly proprietor of a domain ' into a single , inalienable sovereign ruler occupying an office of authority .
oakeshott traces the emergence of the modern state from the transformation of feudal relations into an association defined by law ; in other words , through the transformation of a ‘ lordly proprietor of a [area] ' into a single , inalienable sovereign ruler occupying an office of authority .

For Hayek , law consists of rules of just conduct ; that is , of ‘ purpose-independent rules which govern the conduct of individuals towards each other , are intended to apply to an unknown number of further instances and , by defining a protected domain of each , enable an order of actions to form itself wherein the individuals can make feasible plans ’ Hayek suggests that law is coeval with society .
for hayek , law consists of rules of just conduct ; that is , of ‘ purpose-independent rules which govern the conduct of individuals towards each other , are intended to apply to an unknown number of further instances and , by defining a protected [area] of each , enable an order of actions to form itself wherein the individuals can make feasible plans ’ hayek suggests that law is coeval with society .

Rationing should not be the exclusive domain of managers and professionals .
rationing should not be the exclusive [area] of managers and professionals .

The technique of rotational coherence spectroscopy illustrates particularly well the advantages of working in the time , rather than the frequency , domain — even if some of its most useful applications move us away from the femtosecond world .
the technique of rotational coherence spectroscopy illustrates particularly well the advantages of working in the time , rather than the frequency , [area] — even if some of its most useful applications move us away from the femtosecond world .

Even if we encourage some doctors to specialise in medical education , most of the day to day teaching will remain the domain of jobbing doctors .
even if we encourage some doctors to specialise in medical education , most of the day to day teaching will remain the [area] of jobbing doctors .

Methods exist for recording information about the affective domain ; we believe that observations must include information of this kind .
methods exist for recording information about the affective [area] ; we believe that observations must include information of this kind .

He finds it hard to resist the conclusion that there are some very important implications here , which extend beyond the domain of reading research and education , and touch upon the fundamental issues of democracy and equality .
he finds it hard to resist the conclusion that there are some very important implications here , which extend beyond the [area] of reading research and education , and touch upon the fundamental issues of democracy and equality .

If so much power lies outside the domain or the control of elected governments , it is surely odd to hold that the requirements of democracy are met when government alone is popularly elected and , in principle , accountable .
if so much power lies outside the [area] or the control of elected governments , it is surely odd to hold that the requirements of democracy are met when government alone is popularly elected and , in principle , accountable .

If sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .
if sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the [area] of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .

Assessment tasks are Constructed using the criterion descriptions as a guide , and pupils ' mastery of the domain of a criterion judged from their performance on the tasks .
assessment tasks are constructed using the criterion descriptions as a guide , and pupils ' mastery of the [area] of a criterion judged from their performance on the tasks .

If the domain of a criterion statement is broad the representativeness of assessment tasks is more difficult to arrange and criterion performance may thereby be ambivalent .
if the [area] of a criterion statement is broad the representativeness of assessment tasks is more difficult to arrange and criterion performance may thereby be ambivalent .

recognizes that a generalization defines a domain
recognizes that a generalization defines a [area]

can adapt a generalization to a new domain .
can adapt a generalization to a new [area] .

It has already been noted that a criterion statement such as `` can add two whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` does not refer to a precise domain .
it has already been noted that a criterion statement such as `` can add two whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` does not refer to a precise [area] .

To make the domain precise would necessitate an impractical and unacceptable narrowness in an already narrowly stated objective .
to make the [area] precise would necessitate an impractical and unacceptable narrowness in an already narrowly stated objective .

Examples of assessment tasks accompanying the criterion statements may help to pinpoint more precisely the domain referred to in a criterion statement .
examples of assessment tasks accompanying the criterion statements may help to pinpoint more precisely the [area] referred to in a criterion statement .

While it is true that we have until now been concerned with consciousness , and used the term `` mental events `` in the ordinary way so as not to include all that may be included in the mental , the rest of the subject-matter of that domain is not thereby excluded from our coming reflections .
while it is true that we have until now been concerned with consciousness , and used the term `` mental events `` in the ordinary way so as not to include all that may be included in the mental , the rest of the subject-matter of that [area] is not thereby excluded from our coming reflections .

The new act clearly falls far short of the demand for freedom of information legislation with a presumption that all official information is in the public domain except where there are clearly defined reasons for restricting disclosure and where there is adequate monitoring to ensure that civil servants and politicians are committed to implementing the principles behind the legislation .
the new act clearly falls far short of the demand for freedom of information legislation with a presumption that all official information is in the public [area] except where there are clearly defined reasons for restricting disclosure and where there is adequate monitoring to ensure that civil servants and politicians are committed to implementing the principles behind the legislation .

The greater a noble 's military power , the more land he could control ; and the larger his estates , the more warriors he could support in order to secure his domain .
the greater a noble 's military power , the more land he could control ; and the larger his estates , the more warriors he could support in order to secure his [area] .

International politics , he claimed , was the domain not of morality but of power politics .
international politics , he claimed , was the [area] not of morality but of power politics .

This comfortable yet compact village is a great base for exploring this typically alpine domain .
this comfortable yet compact village is a great base for exploring this typically alpine [area] .

Continental legal doctrine , and common law practice , treats criminal law as falling outside the domain of private international law .
continental legal doctrine , and common law practice , treats criminal law as falling outside the [area] of private international law .

As Lord Wilberforce pointed out , once evidence is brought out in court it is in the public domain ; unless the terms of relevant legislation or international agreements provide otherwise , there is nothing to prevent other interested persons or authorities acting upon the information thus made available .
as lord wilberforce pointed out , once evidence is brought out in court it is in the public [area] ; unless the terms of relevant legislation or international agreements provide otherwise , there is nothing to prevent other interested persons or authorities acting upon the information thus made available .

Increasingly in Britain statutory services are seen as being used as the last resort in the care of older people ; the care of older people is being placed firmly within the domain of the family and the informal sector .
increasingly in britain statutory services are seen as being used as the last resort in the care of older people ; the care of older people is being placed firmly within the [area] of the family and the informal sector .

He was so proud of his domain that he often followed visitors around with a duster and once , in the library , snatched a cigar from out of Winston Churchill 's mouth .
he was so proud of his [area] that he often followed visitors around with a duster and once , in the library , snatched a cigar from out of winston churchill 's mouth .

On the ground floor was the stone-flagged kitchen , the dark green laundry room , domain of Diana 's foul-tempered ginger cat called Marmalade , and the schoolroom where their governess , Miss Gertrude Allen known as ‘ Ally ’ — taught the girls the rudiments of reading and writing .
on the ground floor was the stone-flagged kitchen , the dark green laundry room , [area] of diana 's foul-tempered ginger cat called marmalade , and the schoolroom where their governess , miss gertrude allen known as ‘ ally ’ — taught the girls the rudiments of reading and writing .

This did not prevent him paying for the installation of a swimming pool to amuse his children who roamed around their new domain during the holidays .
this did not prevent him paying for the installation of a swimming pool to amuse his children who roamed around their new [area] during the holidays .

As far as Sarah was concerned Charles was her domain at that time and trespassers were not welcome by the sparky redhead who applied her competitive instincts to the men in her life .
as far as sarah was concerned charles was her [area] at that time and trespassers were not welcome by the sparky redhead who applied her competitive instincts to the men in her life .

For much of the time they slept and when she was n't sleeping Diana frequently visited the kitchens , the domain of ‘ Swampie ’ Marsh and fellow chefs .
for much of the time they slept and when she was n't sleeping diana frequently visited the kitchens , the [area] of ‘ swampie ’ marsh and fellow chefs .

Statute-backed regulation is necessary in order to lay down minimum standards in the public domain .
statute-backed regulation is necessary in order to lay down minimum standards in the public [area] .

We would also point out that prior to the seventeenth-century scientific revolution the universe was seen , by European men , as a great chain of being , connected rather than atomistic , necessarily related to humanity , rather than being a ‘ neutral domain of facts , of contingently correlated elements , the tracing of whose correlations will enable greater and greater manipulation and control of the world ’ ( Taylor , 1985 , p. 134 ) .
we would also point out that prior to the seventeenth-century scientific revolution the universe was seen , by european men , as a great chain of being , connected rather than atomistic , necessarily related to humanity , rather than being a ‘ neutral [area] of facts , of contingently correlated elements , the tracing of whose correlations will enable greater and greater manipulation and control of the world ’ ( taylor , 1985 , p. 134 ) .

Most philosophers who have defended autonomy have exempted the private realm from the domain of its operation .
most philosophers who have defended autonomy have exempted the private realm from the [area] of its operation .

Family life lies quite outside its domain .
family life lies quite outside its [area] .

The shape and structure of the houses project even the most individual activities into the social domain .
the shape and structure of the houses project even the most individual activities into the social [area] .

Visual communication is not the exclusive domain of the graphic designer or the advertising executive .
visual communication is not the exclusive [area] of the graphic designer or the advertising executive .

‘ This is Thorny 's domain .
‘ this is thorny 's [area] .

She found a heavy staff , hefted it and began to make her way to the gate , to go out and beat Tig back to his domain .
she found a heavy staff , hefted it and began to make her way to the gate , to go out and beat tig back to his [area] .

Chopra had felt ill at ease since entering the strange domain .
chopra had felt ill at ease since entering the strange [area] .

the substitution of the state for the individual in the economic domain destroyed the spirit of charity .
the substitution of the state for the individual in the economic [area] destroyed the spirit of charity .

It is primarily the national bureaus , and in particular the military , that are able to exercise wage and factor price discrimination because of their greater monopoly power , use of specialized resources and command of the ‘ public domain , ( e.g .
it is primarily the national bureaus , and in particular the military , that are able to exercise wage and factor price discrimination because of their greater monopoly power , use of specialized resources and command of the ‘ public [area] , ( e.g .

Until a few years ago this was the uncontested domain of surgeons because of the poor results of pharmacological treatment .
until a few years ago this was the uncontested [area] of surgeons because of the poor results of pharmacological treatment .

The t-PA of saliva from the vampire bat ( Desmodus rotundus ) is homologous with human t-PA but lacks the second kringle domain and the plasmin cleavage site for conversion to a two-chain form .
the t-pa of saliva from the vampire bat ( desmodus rotundus ) is homologous with human t-pa but lacks the second kringle [area] and the plasmin cleavage site for conversion to a two-chain form .

‘ If active citizenship is to be established in the public domain then the institutions of participatory democracy must be strengthened .
‘ if active citizenship is to be established in the public [area] then the institutions of participatory democracy must be strengthened .

Movements have accused existing parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public domain .
movements have accused existing parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public [area] .

Active citizenship is severely lacking in the public domain today .
active citizenship is severely lacking in the public [area] today .

For Stewart/Ranson , the ‘ distinct challenge for the public domain derives from the duality of publicness — ; need to enable citizens in their plurality to express their contribution to the life of the community and out of that plurality , to enable a process of collective choice and government of action in the public interest to take place .
for stewart/ranson , the ‘ distinct challenge for the public [area] derives from the duality of publicness — ; need to enable citizens in their plurality to express their contribution to the life of the community and out of that plurality , to enable a process of collective choice and government of action in the public interest to take place .

Public institutions need to be democratised and decentralisation is necessary in the public domain in order to achieve active citizenship .
public institutions need to be democratised and decentralisation is necessary in the public [area] in order to achieve active citizenship .

Souter 's judicial philosophy was believed to be conservative in that he was an advocate of `` strict construction `` — the belief that judges should interpret legislation — including the Constitution itself — narrowly and in accordance with the original intentions of its creators , and `` judicial restraint `` — the notion that the judiciary should intrude as little as possible into the political domain .
souter 's judicial philosophy was believed to be conservative in that he was an advocate of `` strict construction `` — the belief that judges should interpret legislation — including the constitution itself — narrowly and in accordance with the original intentions of its creators , and `` judicial restraint `` — the notion that the judiciary should intrude as little as possible into the political [area] .

Although the country 's economy suffered intolerable strains as a result of the war , hardship was much greater in the public domain than the private . ``
although the country 's economy suffered intolerable strains as a result of the war , hardship was much greater in the public [area] than the private . ``

Nevertheless , from my point of view , by far the greater part of this material is completely misleading because it fails to take account of the fact that while kinship words in most European languages are applied , with rare exceptions , only to relationships within the private domain and thus have quite specific meanings , the corresponding words in most other languages are highly polysemic .
nevertheless , from my point of view , by far the greater part of this material is completely misleading because it fails to take account of the fact that while kinship words in most european languages are applied , with rare exceptions , only to relationships within the private [area] and thus have quite specific meanings , the corresponding words in most other languages are highly polysemic .

Broadly , the purpose of the City Code is to protect the shareholder in the public domain .
broadly , the purpose of the city code is to protect the shareholder in the public [area] .

similarly no information held in-house relating to those companies should be assessed , ie the principle to adopt is that we only access information available in the public domain .
similarly no information held in-house relating to those companies should be assessed , ie the principle to adopt is that we only access information available in the public [area] .

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public [area] otherwise than through our default .

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public [area] otherwise than through our default .

So far all the work on policy optimisation procedures has been restricted to the time domain .
so far all the work on policy optimisation procedures has been restricted to the time [area] .

Possibilities for design of economic policy in the frequency domain will be investigated .
possibilities for design of economic policy in the frequency [area] will be investigated .

The starting point of the research is the fact that very little formal school derived knowledge may be used in discussion of pupils ' reactions to scientific issues in the public domain .
the starting point of the research is the fact that very little formal school derived knowledge may be used in discussion of pupils ' reactions to scientific issues in the public [area] .

It was essentially a fact-finding and largely descriptive exercise designed to produce a 20,000 word report which would be widely distributed in Norfolk and stimulate a debate in the Church as to its responsibilities in this domain .
it was essentially a fact-finding and largely descriptive exercise designed to produce a 20,000 word report which would be widely distributed in norfolk and stimulate a debate in the church as to its responsibilities in this [area] .

The aim would be to put as much information as possible into the public domain as quickly as possible , he said .
the aim would be to put as much information as possible into the public [area] as quickly as possible , he said .

But , for the young , she was loose , roaming the public domain , flaunting sex and intellectual respectability , a companion for Simone Signoret in Room at the Top , Shirley-Anne Field in Saturday Night and Sunday Morning , and Alberto Moravia .
but , for the young , she was loose , roaming the public [area] , flaunting sex and intellectual respectability , a companion for simone signoret in room at the top , shirley-anne field in saturday night and sunday morning , and alberto moravia .

Shareware and Public Domain programs are often as good as their commercial counterparts , and there is the added advantage of being able to try the software before you buy it on payment of a nominal fee .
shareware and public [area] programs are often as good as their commercial counterparts , and there is the added advantage of being able to try the software before you buy it on payment of a nominal fee .

Software for Free has been written especially to help you make that decision without having to plough through mountains of Shareware and Public Domain Software first .
software for free has been written especially to help you make that decision without having to plough through mountains of shareware and public [area] software first .

The opening chapter covers the history of Shareware , Freeware ( Public Domain ) , and Licenceware , and explains the basic differences between each .
the opening chapter covers the history of shareware , freeware ( public [area] ) , and licenceware , and explains the basic differences between each .

In Roman art or in an 18th century Temple of Worthies ( such as the one at Stowe ) the rules of rhetoric might be invoked to argue that the bust functions as synecdoche , the head standing in for the whole physical and active domain of the body .
in roman art or in an 18th century temple of worthies ( such as the one at stowe ) the rules of rhetoric might be invoked to argue that the bust functions as synecdoche , the head standing in for the whole physical and active [area] of the body .

This movement exposes the active site ( pink ) , consisting of a catalytic triad like that of the serine proteinases , which lies at the bottom of a hydrophobic canyon in the catalytic amino-terminal domain of the protein .
this movement exposes the active site ( pink ) , consisting of a catalytic triad like that of the serine proteinases , which lies at the bottom of a hydrophobic canyon in the catalytic amino-terminal [area] of the protein .

The inhibitory effect of these components is overcome by colipase , a small protein also secreted by the exocrine pancreas , which binds to the non-catalytic carboxy-terminal domain of the enzyme ( purple in the figure ) .
the inhibitory effect of these components is overcome by colipase , a small protein also secreted by the exocrine pancreas , which binds to the non-catalytic carboxy-terminal [area] of the enzyme ( purple in the figure ) .

Interestingly , the root was located either in the eukaryotic branch or in the archaebacterial domain , but never in the eubacterial branch .
interestingly , the root was located either in the eukaryotic branch or in the archaebacterial [area] , but never in the eubacterial branch .

This means that there is only one possible value for each domain and not a set of values .
this means that there is only one possible value for each [area] and not a set of values .

Lacroix and Pirotte ( 1977 ) have proposed an alternative calculus which is named the domain calculus in which the fundamental base is that of a domain variable .
lacroix and pirotte ( 1977 ) have proposed an alternative calculus which is named the [area] calculus in which the fundamental base is that of a [area] variable .

Each relation is an entity and if a domain is a key in one relation and an attribute or part of a key in another , this would represent a one-to-many hierarchical relationship .
each relation is an entity and if a [area] is a key in one relation and an attribute or part of a key in another , this would represent a one-to-many hierarchical relationship .

He could have moved directly south into the valley of the Dee , but instead he chose to head eastwards towards the vale of Clwyd , to take a cautious look at the borders of Lord Grey 's domain before he turned south to cross the mountains to Valle Crucis .
he could have moved directly south into the valley of the dee , but instead he chose to head eastwards towards the vale of clwyd , to take a cautious look at the borders of lord grey 's [area] before he turned south to cross the mountains to valle crucis .

This grammar took advantage of the limited vocabulary ( 127 words ) and constructions permitted in the domain .
this grammar took advantage of the limited vocabulary ( 127 words ) and constructions permitted in the [area] .

Informational : The strings have information associated with them from some informational domain
informational : the strings have information associated with them from some informational [area]

Declarative : The associations between strings and the informational domain are declared in terms of what associations are permitted , not how they are to be calculated .
declarative : the associations between strings and the informational [area] are declared in terms of what associations are permitted , not how they are to be calculated .

Since the possibility of full grammatical coverage is not feasible many systems have been created that are targeted to a specific application domain .
since the possibility of full grammatical coverage is not feasible many systems have been created that are targeted to a specific application [area] .

By accepting such a limitation in application domain it is possible to achieve much more detailed analysis of the text .
by accepting such a limitation in application [area] it is possible to achieve much more detailed analysis of the text .

Hence , when selecting a parser it is vital to determine how wide a variety of grammar the parser is able to process and how easily it can be extended to a larger domain .
hence , when selecting a parser it is vital to determine how wide a variety of grammar the parser is able to process and how easily it can be extended to a larger [area] .

For a finite domain ( such as the Bible or the works of Shakespeare ) this is simple .
for a finite [area] ( such as the bible or the works of shakespeare ) this is simple .

Testing of this hypothesis is difficult since probabilistic language models tend to be tested on data from the same domain as the training corpus , hence domain specific effects are unlikely to show up .
testing of this hypothesis is difficult since probabilistic language models tend to be tested on data from the same [area] as the training corpus , hence [area] specific effects are unlikely to show up .

In a closed domain a list of relevant idioms is easily attainable ( Zernik , 1989 ) .
in a closed [area] a list of relevant idioms is easily attainable ( zernik , 1989 ) .

Attempts to scale up these systems beyond their intended domain have met with little success .
attempts to scale up these systems beyond their intended [area] have met with little success .

For such a task crude approaches to semantic processing are preferable to the detailed analyses found in understanding systems since they are computationally tractable , robust and are not restricted to a small language domain .
for such a task crude approaches to semantic processing are preferable to the detailed analyses found in understanding systems since they are computationally tractable , robust and are not restricted to a small language [area] .

Lying almost at the outer edge of the village , a couple of hundred yards off the highway , Guruji 's domain is isolated from the rest of the village and has an aura of self-sufficiency .
lying almost at the outer edge of the village , a couple of hundred yards off the highway , guruji 's [area] is isolated from the rest of the village and has an aura of self-sufficiency .

This is not the first time that this issue has reached the public domain , or will it be the last time that the House is asked to focus on the rights and duties of citizens in circumstances — from time to time inevitable circumstances — when the interests of one individual or one set of individuals necessarily impinge on and potentially damage the interests of others .
this is not the first time that this issue has reached the public [area] , or will it be the last time that the house is asked to focus on the rights and duties of citizens in circumstances — from time to time inevitable circumstances — when the interests of one individual or one set of individuals necessarily impinge on and potentially damage the interests of others .

It is also about the health service treatment of Mr. Thorpe , since it was his doctors who approached me , and his wish , not mine , which has put the matter into the public domain .
it is also about the health service treatment of mr. thorpe , since it was his doctors who approached me , and his wish , not mine , which has put the matter into the public [area] .

They went into Ling 's spotless domain , where they attended to setting out cups and saucers , jugs of milk and bowls of sugar on the bench beside the wide servery .
they went into ling 's spotless [area] , where they attended to setting out cups and saucers , jugs of milk and bowls of sugar on the bench beside the wide servery .

Does the right hon. Gentleman deny that there was an attempt to cover up the fact that many of those units are in serious financial difficulties ? Since the matter is in the public domain , as a consequence of information from his Department reaching the public which was not intended to reach them , how does he propose to deal with the matter ? What proposals has he to put before the House this afternoon ?
does the right hon. gentleman deny that there was an attempt to cover up the fact that many of those units are in serious financial difficulties ? since the matter is in the public [area] , as a consequence of information from his department reaching the public which was not intended to reach them , how does he propose to deal with the matter ? what proposals has he to put before the house this afternoon ?

Is not it true that some documents that the Public Accounts Committee receives are not published , such as the memorandum that the National Audit Office drew up for me on the accountability of United Nations agencies ? Is not it possible to put many of those documents in the public domain and publish them as Public Accounts Committee documents ? Will the hon. Gentleman have a word with the Chairman and members of the Public Accounts Committee about that ?
is not it true that some documents that the public accounts committee receives are not published , such as the memorandum that the national audit office drew up for me on the accountability of united nations agencies ? is not it possible to put many of those documents in the public [area] and publish them as public accounts committee documents ? will the hon. gentleman have a word with the chairman and members of the public accounts committee about that ?

The sonnets may announce a compatibility between poetic convention and authentic expression ; or the sonnets may be the result of Astrophil staying within the muse 's domain , writing in imitation of familiar poetic norms and abandoning the muse 's advice to look for an authentic writing from the heart .
the sonnets may announce a compatibility between poetic convention and authentic expression ; or the sonnets may be the result of astrophil staying within the muse 's [area] , writing in imitation of familiar poetic norms and abandoning the muse 's advice to look for an authentic writing from the heart .

It had always been a much loved and private domain .
it had always been a much loved and private [area] .

Within the bounds of some agreed domain , he allows his resources to be controlled by an authorized decision-making unit to which he might or might not belong .
within the bounds of some agreed [area] , he allows his resources to be controlled by an authorized decision-making unit to which he might or might not belong .

On this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain delegated to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .
on this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the [area] delegated to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .

In other words , holding constant the controlled domain , hierarchy increases as authorized decision-making becomes more concentrated amongst people in an organization .
in other words , holding constant the controlled [area] , hierarchy increases as authorized decision-making becomes more concentrated amongst people in an organization .

Economic and political socialisation can be usefully conceived as the process that shapes young people 's understanding of , and attitudes towards , the economic and political system in which they live and which enables them to function in it . The initiative will focus particularly on three areas of adolescent development within this domain :
economic and political socialisation can be usefully conceived as the process that shapes young people 's understanding of , and attitudes towards , the economic and political system in which they live and which enables them to function in it . the initiative will focus particularly on three areas of adolescent development within this [area] :

Exploratory tools allow learners to investigate views of a given domain which are different from theirs and so to examine consequences and conflicts .
exploratory tools allow learners to investigate views of a given [area] which are different from theirs and so to examine consequences and conflicts .

Her eyes bleak , she surveyed her small domain that , instead of the retreat it had once represented , was now a prison .
her eyes bleak , she surveyed her small [area] that , instead of the retreat it had once represented , was now a prison .

With a nervous swallow he bearded the formidable young lady at the desk at the head of the room : she had always struck him as the sort of librarian who would prefer to see all the desks in her domain empty and all the books permanently under lock and key .
with a nervous swallow he bearded the formidable young lady at the desk at the head of the room : she had always struck him as the sort of librarian who would prefer to see all the desks in her [area] empty and all the books permanently under lock and key .

It was hardly the joyful mood in which Folly had expected to take possession of her new domain , but it seemed to work well enough .
it was hardly the joyful mood in which folly had expected to take possession of her new [area] , but it seemed to work well enough .

Wimsatt and Beardsley argue that a poem ( short-hand , as usual , for a literary work of art ) is , and therefore should be treated as , an object in the public domain , not the private creation of an individual .
wimsatt and beardsley argue that a poem ( short-hand , as usual , for a literary work of art ) is , and therefore should be treated as , an object in the public [area] , not the private creation of an individual .

’ They need information about what constitutes and causes success or failure within a particular domain , as well as strategies for detecting this at the time of the selection .
’ they need information about what constitutes and causes success or failure within a particular [area] , as well as strategies for detecting this at the time of the selection .

In the arts domain these were singing and drawing .
in the arts [area] these were singing and drawing .

Audrey aspires to goals in both traditional and non-traditional domains but succeeds in the traditional domain only .
audrey aspires to goals in both traditional and non-traditional domains but succeeds in the traditional [area] only .

He would say little more for my questions infringed on what he considered Laura 's private domain .
he would say little more for my questions infringed on what he considered laura 's private [area] .

The hotel staff had been firmly relegated to a very small part of their own domain for the preparation of luncheon and would thereafter be merely onlookers , apart from serving the food to the hoi polloi of the guests this evening , while Auguste and his pupils served the Prince of Wales 's table .
the hotel staff had been firmly relegated to a very small part of their own [area] for the preparation of luncheon and would thereafter be merely onlookers , apart from serving the food to the hoi polloi of the guests this evening , while auguste and his pupils served the prince of wales 's table .

Alexandra took her father over every inch of her domain and he nodded at her enthusiasm , but if he was at all impressed by what she did , what she planned , he gave no sign .
alexandra took her father over every inch of her [area] and he nodded at her enthusiasm , but if he was at all impressed by what she did , what she planned , he gave no sign .

In other words , the great domain , far from being a closed unit , required the market to dispose of its surpluses and to meet its needs for extraneous products .
in other words , the great [area] , far from being a closed unit , required the market to dispose of its surpluses and to meet its needs for extraneous products .

Raising the matter in the public domain is not advocated .
raising the matter in the public [area] is not advocated .

Entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .
entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic [area] which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .

In precisely the same way , when we use the word property it will mean an element of this domain used by speakers in constructing their acts of linguistic communication , and not a property as perceived or conceived extralinguistically in a real or imaginary world , unless we specifically state that the latter is intended .
in precisely the same way , when we use the word property it will mean an element of this [area] used by speakers in constructing their acts of linguistic communication , and not a property as perceived or conceived extralinguistically in a real or imaginary world , unless we specifically state that the latter is intended .

This is closely parallel to what has happened in respect of the serial order of classes of prenominal adjectives , categorized according to their pragmatic domain , thoroughly described by Martin ( 1969 ) or Warren ( 1984 ) , to cite two of the many authors who have studied this topic .
this is closely parallel to what has happened in respect of the serial order of classes of prenominal adjectives , categorized according to their pragmatic [area] , thoroughly described by martin ( 1969 ) or warren ( 1984 ) , to cite two of the many authors who have studied this topic .

This is regrettable , because this university ( St Andrews ) is a major contributor to Scottish geological research , and it would have been desirable to utilise measures of consultation in conjunction with the public domain data on publication productivity and citations , to determine overall levels of use of its theses .
this is regrettable , because this university ( st andrews ) is a major contributor to scottish geological research , and it would have been desirable to utilise measures of consultation in conjunction with the public [area] data on publication productivity and citations , to determine overall levels of use of its theses .

social circle , research area , community , cluster , network , problem area , problem domain , cognitive region , invisible college , sub-discipline , subfield , coherent group , paradigm group , theory group , and school of thought .
social circle , research area , community , cluster , network , problem area , problem [area] , cognitive region , invisible college , sub-discipline , subfield , coherent group , paradigm group , theory group , and school of thought .

The domain assumptions of a discipline provide a context for research but are themselves relatively unresponsive to the conclusions of the research .
the [area] assumptions of a discipline provide a context for research but are themselves relatively unresponsive to the conclusions of the research .

We take it that the point of theories , and from this the point of research , is to offer adequate accounts of the empirical world as conceived as the domain of the discipline to which the theory belongs .
we take it that the point of theories , and from this the point of research , is to offer adequate accounts of the empirical world as conceived as the [area] of the discipline to which the theory belongs .

The very idea of the variable draws upon an analogy with the highly abstract structure of mathematics in which variables and constants are objects in a mathematical domain operated upon by the appropriate rules for manipulation .
the very idea of the variable draws upon an analogy with the highly abstract structure of mathematics in which variables and constants are objects in a mathematical [area] operated upon by the appropriate rules for manipulation .

To apply a mathematical system , as in measurement , objects in the target domain ( for brevity we can call this the social world ) must be mapped on to objects , that is numbers , in the mathematical domain .
to apply a mathematical system , as in measurement , objects in the target [area] ( for brevity we can call this the social world ) must be mapped on to objects , that is numbers , in the mathematical [area] .

If the mapping is successful then manipulation of the mathematics is equivalent to manipulation of the objects in the target domain .
if the mapping is successful then manipulation of the mathematics is equivalent to manipulation of the objects in the target [area] .

In physics and other mathematised disciplines , there is an established homology of structure between the mathematics and the relevant substantive domain .
in physics and other mathematised disciplines , there is an established homology of structure between the mathematics and the relevant substantive [area] .

Joxe announced on May 6 plans to create a `` central organ , within the Ministry of Defence , bringing together all the competences which now exist within the domain of military intelligence `` .
joxe announced on may 6 plans to create a `` central organ , within the ministry of defence , bringing together all the competences which now exist within the [area] of military intelligence `` .

Gouled Aptidon announced on Nov. 27 that he was prepared hold a referendum in order to `` consult `` the population on `` changes to be made in the political domain `` .
gouled aptidon announced on nov. 27 that he was prepared hold a referendum in order to `` consult `` the population on `` changes to be made in the political [area] `` .

The concept of domain is central to the diglossic view of bilingualism that was dominant in studies of bilingual communities until recently : see Martin-Jones ( 1991 ) for a critical appraisal of this approach .
the concept of [area] is central to the diglossic view of bilingualism that was dominant in studies of bilingual communities until recently : see martin-jones ( 1991 ) for a critical appraisal of this approach .

Research within this paradigm is usually focused on finding out which language is used in which domain by particular subgroups of speakers — for example , different generations within one community ; in Fishman 's famous phrase , " who speaks what language to whom and when ? " ( 1965 ) .
research within this paradigm is usually focused on finding out which language is used in which [area] by particular subgroups of speakers — for example , different generations within one community ; in fishman 's famous phrase , " who speaks what language to whom and when ? " ( 1965 ) .

Furthermore , there would be `` domains `` where Creole and English could properly be used by those who speak them : Creole in the family and in informal situations , English within the public domain outside the family and even within the family on formal occasions .
furthermore , there would be `` domains `` where creole and english could properly be used by those who speak them : creole in the family and in informal situations , english within the public [area] outside the family and even within the family on formal occasions .

Adolescent speakers are shown as making a choice between `` English `` and `` Jamaican Creole `` on the basis of domain ( home/school ; playground/classroom ) , interlocutor ( white/black ) and interaction type ( +/ — conflict ) .
adolescent speakers are shown as making a choice between `` english `` and `` jamaican creole `` on the basis of [area] ( home/school ; playground/classroom ) , interlocutor ( white/black ) and interaction type ( +/ — conflict ) .

The `` act of identity `` is thus construed broadly as a pattern of behaviour over a largish domain , rather than , say , as an instant in the production of talk , where a choice between two phonetic realisations of the same phoneme is required .
the `` act of identity `` is thus construed broadly as a pattern of behaviour over a largish [area] , rather than , say , as an instant in the production of talk , where a choice between two phonetic realisations of the same phoneme is required .

Up to the autumn of 1960 the underlying divergences between himself and Debré had not prevented the two of them from working together closely ; after de Gaulle 's speech in November 1960 , the policy became less collaborative and more than ever the exclusive domain of the presidency .
up to the autumn of 1960 the underlying divergences between himself and debré had not prevented the two of them from working together closely ; after de gaulle 's speech in november 1960 , the policy became less collaborative and more than ever the exclusive [area] of the presidency .

Firstly , the chart parser was an existing framework , originally developed for use in the syntactic domain , but also used in other areas of the speech chain , e.g .
firstly , the chart parser was an existing framework , originally developed for use in the syntactic [area] , but also used in other areas of the speech chain , e.g .

Some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .
some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public [area] .

At this stage , most if not all expert systems can not be used by naive users ; a reasonable general knowledge of the area of expertise covered by the system ( its knowledge domain ) is essential if the output produced is to be taken seriously , just as the scope , limitations and difficulties presented by a new piece of legislation can only be predicted with any certainty by a lawyer and , even then , not always correctly .
at this stage , most if not all expert systems can not be used by naive users ; a reasonable general knowledge of the area of expertise covered by the system ( its knowledge [area] ) is essential if the output produced is to be taken seriously , just as the scope , limitations and difficulties presented by a new piece of legislation can only be predicted with any certainty by a lawyer and , even then , not always correctly .

If the information is commonplace or is common knowledge to a group of persons ( for example , it is well known to computer programmers ) or to the public at large , it can not be confidential ; instead , it will be considered to be in the public domain .
if the information is commonplace or is common knowledge to a group of persons ( for example , it is well known to computer programmers ) or to the public at large , it can not be confidential ; instead , it will be considered to be in the public [area] .

The owner must believe the information to be secret and not already in the public domain .
the owner must believe the information to be secret and not already in the public [area] .

In some circumstances , it may be preferable simply to keep the idea secret and rely on the law of confidence ; this costs nothing and there is no requirement that the invention must eventually fall into the public domain .
in some circumstances , it may be preferable simply to keep the idea secret and rely on the law of confidence ; this costs nothing and there is no requirement that the invention must eventually fall into the public [area] .

It is obvious that a patent should not be granted for anything which is not new , which is already in the public domain , otherwise the grant of the patent could make illegal an act which was previously legal .
it is obvious that a patent should not be granted for anything which is not new , which is already in the public [area] , otherwise the grant of the patent could make illegal an act which was previously legal .

As technology advances and the pool of knowledge in the public domain grows , it is increasingly difficult to devise something which is absolutely `` new `` .
as technology advances and the pool of knowledge in the public [area] grows , it is increasingly difficult to devise something which is absolutely `` new `` .

Now that the early patents have expired and much of the know-how lies in the public domain , it is essential that the considerable effort that goes into the design and development of new integrated circuits is protected .
now that the early patents have expired and much of the know-how lies in the public [area] , it is essential that the considerable effort that goes into the design and development of new integrated circuits is protected .

As expert systems are designed for use by persons who have some general understanding of the knowledge domain , it is reasonable to assume that the user will take at least some of the responsibility for the output obtained .
as expert systems are designed for use by persons who have some general understanding of the knowledge [area] , it is reasonable to assume that the user will take at least some of the responsibility for the output obtained .

This places one in the domain of knowledge or facts and the perceiving necessarily precedes the logical conclusion to which it gives rise .
this places one in the [area] of knowledge or facts and the perceiving necessarily precedes the logical conclusion to which it gives rise .

the squat domain of Sizewell
the squat [area] of sizewell

The Association of Shareware Professionals is an international body providing floppy disks of programs in the public domain at about £5 a disk and encouraging the buyer to copy them .
the association of shareware professionals is an international body providing floppy disks of programs in the public [area] at about £5 a disk and encouraging the buyer to copy them .

Arts events ‘ the domain of Britain 's privileged ’
arts events ‘ the [area] of britain 's privileged ’

This is the domain of the neurophysiologist .
this is the [area] of the neurophysiologist .

He had no great domain ; many of the nobles and churchmen — and especially the latter — were richer and more powerful than he .
he had no great [area] ; many of the nobles and churchmen — and especially the latter — were richer and more powerful than he .

More curiously still , by promoting the figure of Charlemagne , Otto has also been seen as contributing to the creation of the French state : ‘ The notion that there was such a country as France , at a time when the royal authority was very little recognised outside the narrow boundaries of the royal domain , the Île de France , was fostered by the legend of Charlemagne .
more curiously still , by promoting the figure of charlemagne , otto has also been seen as contributing to the creation of the french state : ‘ the notion that there was such a country as france , at a time when the royal authority was very little recognised outside the narrow boundaries of the royal [area] , the île de france , was fostered by the legend of charlemagne .

What the straight line is to the curve the warm tone is to the cold in the domain of colour .
what the straight line is to the curve the warm tone is to the cold in the [area] of colour .

Poignancy ( and this is why its domain is the minor key ) is the exquisite meshing of two contradictory feelings .
poignancy ( and this is why its [area] is the minor key ) is the exquisite meshing of two contradictory feelings .

But Prince has floated free of grassroots or use value , and ascended to an aristocratic , aerial domain of licence and luxury — where he 's instigated a promiscuous chaos of stylistic miscegenation .
but prince has floated free of grassroots or use value , and ascended to an aristocratic , aerial [area] of licence and luxury — where he 's instigated a promiscuous chaos of stylistic miscegenation .

Guitarist Paul Leary Walthall is a virtuoso of abjection just as Hendrix was of free flight , his domain the sewer rather than the firmament which Jimi traversed like a comet .
guitarist paul leary walthall is a virtuoso of abjection just as hendrix was of free flight , his [area] the sewer rather than the firmament which jimi traversed like a comet .

As a result of the opaqueness of German government , much decision-making and debate takes place within the governing political parties and not in the parliamentary domain .
as a result of the opaqueness of german government , much decision-making and debate takes place within the governing political parties and not in the parliamentary [area] .

Legislation has shifted more and more into the federal domain , which was not what the authors of the constitution intended .
legislation has shifted more and more into the federal [area] , which was not what the authors of the constitution intended .

Nonetheless an evolutionary approach to human social life permits a broad perspective in which the emergence of the social psychological domain from the biological can be traced .
nonetheless an evolutionary approach to human social life permits a broad perspective in which the emergence of the social psychological [area] from the biological can be traced .

And although many architects still find it hard to say Charles 's name without curling their lips , most of them do admit that by bringing the whole subject into the public domain , architecture has had a much-needed shot in the arm .
and although many architects still find it hard to say charles 's name without curling their lips , most of them do admit that by bringing the whole subject into the public [area] , architecture has had a much-needed shot in the arm .

It had to be proved that the papers had put into the public domain information which was not already there and which , in the context of the present case , it was in the public interest should not be there .
it had to be proved that the papers had put into the public [area] information which was not already there and which , in the context of the present case , it was in the public interest should not be there .

All statistics collected with public funds should be in the public domain ; 3 .
all statistics collected with public funds should be in the public [area] ; 3 .

Indeed , there are some who feel that there should be no border , thinking back nostalgically to days when there was only one domain of art .
indeed , there are some who feel that there should be no border , thinking back nostalgically to days when there was only one [area] of art .

’ Such a frank exclusion from the domain of art is not a solitary instance .
’ such a frank exclusion from the [area] of art is not a solitary instance .

Mrs Cohen was ‘ queen ’ of her domain and , aided by a maid ( suitably attired ) , a nurse for the children ( Leonard had an elder sister , Esther ) , and a chauffeur-gardener ( a coloured man named Kerry ) , they were particularly fortunate .
mrs cohen was ‘ queen ’ of her [area] and , aided by a maid ( suitably attired ) , a nurse for the children ( leonard had an elder sister , esther ) , and a chauffeur-gardener ( a coloured man named kerry ) , they were particularly fortunate .

It is almost as if the catholic Irish people become a people of God in Old Testament terms , in a way similar to the Northern Calvinists , a people which have overriding power to set up their domain .
it is almost as if the catholic irish people become a people of god in old testament terms , in a way similar to the northern calvinists , a people which have overriding power to set up their [area] .

The understanding reached between them and the catholic — nationalist lay leadership resulted in schooling in the future state being allocated to the domain of the church , in exchange for the legitimation of that state by the church leadership .
the understanding reached between them and the catholic — nationalist lay leadership resulted in schooling in the future state being allocated to the [area] of the church , in exchange for the legitimation of that state by the church leadership .

Girls with extreme youth and high spirits were to boldly claim their patch in a business which was obviously a male domain .
girls with extreme youth and high spirits were to boldly claim their patch in a business which was obviously a male [area] .

And what emerged from the response to the article is that reincarnation is no longer seen as the domain of cranks and weirdos .
and what emerged from the response to the article is that reincarnation is no longer seen as the [area] of cranks and weirdos .

But the domain has shifted from the world of molecules to a larger scale .
but the [area] has shifted from the world of molecules to a larger scale .

But those universities moved very largely into the public domain without sacrificing too much of their independence , and by improving the standard of their entry .
but those universities moved very largely into the public [area] without sacrificing too much of their independence , and by improving the standard of their entry .

In surveying the discovery of penicillin , we moved from one domain of science to another .
in surveying the discovery of penicillin , we moved from one [area] of science to another .

Lord Justice Neill said an examination of the Royal Charter under which the Jockey Club was set up and of the powers conferred on it suggested that in some aspects of its work it operated in the public domain .
lord justice neill said an examination of the royal charter under which the jockey club was set up and of the powers conferred on it suggested that in some aspects of its work it operated in the public [area] .

It extends the householder 's feeling of control over his or her domain , and gives a direct outlet for the natural desire to improve it .
it extends the householder 's feeling of control over his or her [area] , and gives a direct outlet for the natural desire to improve it .

Television is excellent for this , and Chomsky for long has had that great domain in which to show how governments and the big businesses linked to most television powers are very , very careful to be sure that few views are presented which violate the currently useful consensus .
television is excellent for this , and chomsky for long has had that great [area] in which to show how governments and the big businesses linked to most television powers are very , very careful to be sure that few views are presented which violate the currently useful consensus .

Food is short but surveillance ample in the frozen domain of Zero One Erlend Clouston explores the nightmare world of Ceausescu 's Romania , where even the ashtrays are thought to have ears .
food is short but surveillance ample in the frozen [area] of zero one erlend clouston explores the nightmare world of ceausescu 's romania , where even the ashtrays are thought to have ears .

The main problems in the Volga region , however , lay more in the administrative than in the political domain .
the main problems in the volga region , however , lay more in the administrative than in the political [area] .

The Virgin has always been more popular than Christ in the New World ; indeed in the sixteenth century certain churchmen had argued that while the East was the domain of Christ , the newly discovered West was that of his mother .
the virgin has always been more popular than christ in the new world ; indeed in the sixteenth century certain churchmen had argued that while the east was the [area] of christ , the newly discovered west was that of his mother .

It affected not only rural or seaside communities ( some of which were now facing a crisis with the growing attractiveness of continental holidays and the inroads made by car and caravan into the traditional domain of the seaside landlady ) , but even industrial areas , where such attractions as Big Pit at Blaenavon in South Wales paid testimony to the passing of the age of coal .
it affected not only rural or seaside communities ( some of which were now facing a crisis with the growing attractiveness of continental holidays and the inroads made by car and caravan into the traditional [area] of the seaside landlady ) , but even industrial areas , where such attractions as big pit at blaenavon in south wales paid testimony to the passing of the age of coal .

Beginning with the transfer of power in India and Pakistan in 1947 , through the retreat from Egypt , and the rapid withdrawal from Africa in the Macleod period in the late 1950s and early 1960s , the rapidity and lack of tension with which Britain shed her imperial domain is perhaps the most notable of tributes to national stability and , possibly , maturity in the post-war world .
beginning with the transfer of power in india and pakistan in 1947 , through the retreat from egypt , and the rapid withdrawal from africa in the macleod period in the late 1950s and early 1960s , the rapidity and lack of tension with which britain shed her imperial [area] is perhaps the most notable of tributes to national stability and , possibly , maturity in the post-war world .

Eliot knew the technical sense of this word : ‘ The horde … is the protoplasm of the social domain … ’ Wundt wrote that about ‘ horde , meaning … an unorganized , in contrast to an organized , tribe of people … The Tartars called a division of warriors a horda .
eliot knew the technical sense of this word : ‘ the horde … is the protoplasm of the social [area] … ’ wundt wrote that about ‘ horde , meaning … an unorganized , in contrast to an organized , tribe of people … the tartars called a division of warriors a horda .

It is in these ways that The Roaring Girl begins to disclose how , because of the complex connections between sexuality , gender , and class , and specifically between sexual and economic exploitation , economic and political anxieties can be displaced into the domain of the sexual and conversely , the sexual comes to possess enormous signifying power ( though very different from that attributed to sexuality by the radical humanist ) .
it is in these ways that the roaring girl begins to disclose how , because of the complex connections between sexuality , gender , and class , and specifically between sexual and economic exploitation , economic and political anxieties can be displaced into the [area] of the sexual and conversely , the sexual comes to possess enormous signifying power ( though very different from that attributed to sexuality by the radical humanist ) .

Essentially the assertive female cross-dresser inverted the metaphysics of difference : from being a divine law inscribed essentially in each of God 's subjects and which knowledge of self would confirm , sexual identity and sexual difference are shifted irretrievably into the domain of custom , of the social , of that which can be contested .
essentially the assertive female cross-dresser inverted the metaphysics of difference : from being a divine law inscribed essentially in each of god 's subjects and which knowledge of self would confirm , sexual identity and sexual difference are shifted irretrievably into the [area] of custom , of the social , of that which can be contested .

Masculine sexuality is shown to be complex and unstably implicated within the whole social domain .
masculine sexuality is shown to be complex and unstably implicated within the whole social [area] .

The connections between gender and class were apparent enough in the early modern period , and if the transvestite was a pervert or invert it was precisely in the pre-sexological senses of these ideas ; whether actually or only in the paranoid imagination of the dominant , she was regarded as upsetting the entire social domain , even when her sexual ‘ orientation ’ was not the issue .
the connections between gender and class were apparent enough in the early modern period , and if the transvestite was a pervert or invert it was precisely in the pre-sexological senses of these ideas ; whether actually or only in the paranoid imagination of the dominant , she was regarded as upsetting the entire social [area] , even when her sexual ‘ orientation ’ was not the issue .

To recover more for the domain of the non-sexual is related to a progressive sexual politics .
to recover more for the [area] of the non-sexual is related to a progressive sexual politics .

The family in early times for Marx belongs to the private domain , rather than to the public and political .
the family in early times for marx belongs to the private [area] , rather than to the public and political .

Only after a time do the principles on which the family is based — private property and slavery — come into conflict with the community and its commonality ; this occurs only when the family begins to move into the political domain .
only after a time do the principles on which the family is based — private property and slavery — come into conflict with the community and its commonality ; this occurs only when the family begins to move into the political [area] .

Many can be found in Department of Energy publications , and much of the work falls into the domain of site engineers in terms of replacing tungsten filament lamps with fluorescent fittings , boiler plant optimisation , insulation and so on .
many can be found in department of energy publications , and much of the work falls into the [area] of site engineers in terms of replacing tungsten filament lamps with fluorescent fittings , boiler plant optimisation , insulation and so on .

Ballet is essentially a middle-class interest , the domain of white little girls whose parents can afford the fees .
ballet is essentially a middle-class interest , the [area] of white little girls whose parents can afford the fees .

and is conscious only of the threat to his domain .
and is conscious only of the threat to his [area] .

While pottering about her domain she wore old-fashioned riding breeches ending just below the knee , followed by surprisingly pink , surprisingly chubby , bare legs .
while pottering about her [area] she wore old-fashioned riding breeches ending just below the knee , followed by surprisingly pink , surprisingly chubby , bare legs .

The outlook for the bedroom musician has never been brighter : technology that was once the exclusive domain of Tangerine Dream or the Art Of Noise is now within reach of almost everyone .
the outlook for the bedroom musician has never been brighter : technology that was once the exclusive [area] of tangerine dream or the art of noise is now within reach of almost everyone .

Once the exclusive domain of self-confessed ‘ headers ’ , Leeds United 's terraces have been invaded by a new breed of hedonistic supporter .
once the exclusive [area] of self-confessed ‘ headers ’ , leeds united 's terraces have been invaded by a new breed of hedonistic supporter .

But whereas rap music is still very much a street-level phenomenon , jazz has become more and more a domain of the white middle classes .
but whereas rap music is still very much a street-level phenomenon , jazz has become more and more a [area] of the white middle classes .

The community life and missionary life of the Early Christians meanwhile — their life in the private domain and in the public domain — would be guided by the light of the Spirit .
the community life and missionary life of the early christians meanwhile — their life in the private [area] and in the public [area] — would be guided by the light of the spirit .

This is the conventional ( and essential ) domain of soil erosion studies as presently conceived .
this is the conventional ( and essential ) [area] of soil erosion studies as presently conceived .

flood protection ) clearly are within the domain of a soil conservation policy .
flood protection ) clearly are within the [area] of a soil conservation policy .

The point at issue is that both sets of disciplines tend to have different conceptions about the domain and status of proof in the pursuit of knowledge .
the point at issue is that both sets of disciplines tend to have different conceptions about the [area] and status of proof in the pursuit of knowledge .

In the attempt to combine the analysis of physical processes of soil erosion with that of human agricultural and pastoral practices , the expectations of natural and social scientists over the status and domain of proof tend to be irreconcilable ( for further discussion readers are referred to more detailed texts such as Winch 1958 ; Bernal 1969 ; Benton 1977 ; Gregory ( 1978 ) .
in the attempt to combine the analysis of physical processes of soil erosion with that of human agricultural and pastoral practices , the expectations of natural and social scientists over the status and [area] of proof tend to be irreconcilable ( for further discussion readers are referred to more detailed texts such as winch 1958 ; bernal 1969 ; benton 1977 ; gregory ( 1978 ) .

Roland emerged from tunnels of shelving into Blackadder 's icily lit domain .
roland emerged from tunnels of shelving into blackadder 's icily lit [area] .

He was a remarkable soldier and for his pains was given a domain at Jičín ( where he re-planned the town ) , the dukedom of Friedland and the duchy of Mecklenburg .
he was a remarkable soldier and for his pains was given a [area] at jičín ( where he re-planned the town ) , the dukedom of friedland and the duchy of mecklenburg .

For example , despite her attachment to an extra-textual and pre-linguistic domain of mental activity , Nathalie Sarraute 's work , according to Heath , should not be limited by interpretative strategies which are fundamentally referentialist in orientation .
for example , despite her attachment to an extra-textual and pre-linguistic [area] of mental activity , nathalie sarraute 's work , according to heath , should not be limited by interpretative strategies which are fundamentally referentialist in orientation .

Nathalie Sarraute , however , has never deviated from her conviction that her novels must be considered as attempts to reproduce , in formal terms , the domain of the interpersonal , pre-verbal psychological reality of tropism .
nathalie sarraute , however , has never deviated from her conviction that her novels must be considered as attempts to reproduce , in formal terms , the [area] of the interpersonal , pre-verbal psychological reality of tropism .

He distinguished between ‘ l'aventure d'une écriture ’ and ‘ l'écriture d'une aventure ’ : this precluded the existence of a pre-verbal , pre-textual domain .
he distinguished between ‘ l'aventure d'une écriture ’ and ‘ l'écriture d'une aventure ’ : this precluded the existence of a pre-verbal , pre-textual [area] .

Labour implemented a more repressive policy on the ground than Likud while pretending to greater moderation in the international domain .
labour implemented a more repressive policy on the ground than likud while pretending to greater moderation in the international [area] .

The bizarre story of Winterbotham 's unhindered wanderings round Hitler 's domain is one of the two highlights of The Ultra Spy , the other being his adventures as organiser of the information later garnered from Ultra .
the bizarre story of winterbotham 's unhindered wanderings round hitler 's [area] is one of the two highlights of the ultra spy , the other being his adventures as organiser of the information later garnered from ultra .

But whereas this in all probability had previously been secret lore imparted through oral tradition , with Evan it was willingly shared and brought into the public domain .
but whereas this in all probability had previously been secret lore imparted through oral tradition , with evan it was willingly shared and brought into the public [area] .

Bodybuilding : Charlie rules on pure flex appeal : Joe Lovejoy enters the oily domain of the muscled where Surrey 's incredible hulk uncovers a universal truth
bodybuilding : charlie rules on pure flex appeal : joe lovejoy enters the oily [area] of the muscled where surrey 's incredible hulk uncovers a universal truth

Spy swaps , prisoner exchanges , and negotiations to free the thousands of East Germans that this summer sought refuge in West German embassies , were his domain .
spy swaps , prisoner exchanges , and negotiations to free the thousands of east germans that this summer sought refuge in west german embassies , were his [area] .

Spy swaps , prisoner exchanges , and negotiations to free the thousands of East Germans that this summer sought refuge in West German embassies , were his domain .
spy swaps , prisoner exchanges , and negotiations to free the thousands of east germans that this summer sought refuge in west german embassies , were his [area] .

This was a somewhat underexploited arthropodan niche that ants have claimed as their domain .
this was a somewhat underexploited arthropodan niche that ants have claimed as their [area] .

The result is The Woman 's Domain , published in association with Viking Penguin on 30 August ( £16.99 ) .
the result is the woman 's [area] , published in association with viking penguin on 30 august ( £16.99 ) .

The same people , however , demanded a high standard from public works and nowhere more so than in the domain of street lighting .
the same people , however , demanded a high standard from public works and nowhere more so than in the [area] of street lighting .

’ Alas ’ , she wrote , ‘ my power is , in this respect , very limited and it is surely the Emperor who is all powerful in this domain ( working for peace ) .
’ alas ’ , she wrote , ‘ my power is , in this respect , very limited and it is surely the emperor who is all powerful in this [area] ( working for peace ) .

It has in fact taken over thirty years for the truth about the 1957 Windscale fire to emerge , bit by bit , into the public domain .
it has in fact taken over thirty years for the truth about the 1957 windscale fire to emerge , bit by bit , into the public [area] .

The fall of the Manchus in China hinted at the far wider rebellion that would mark the first half of the twentieth century , transforming world political geography from a handful of empires , maps on which only the primary colours were needed to show each domain , to a mass of independent States , more numerous than the ingenuity of any distinguishable colour range .
the fall of the manchus in china hinted at the far wider rebellion that would mark the first half of the twentieth century , transforming world political geography from a handful of empires , maps on which only the primary colours were needed to show each [area] , to a mass of independent states , more numerous than the ingenuity of any distinguishable colour range .

In spite of all my best efforts , they remained in their domain , although Blair caught two ; but just seeing them , and just being there , was reward enough .
in spite of all my best efforts , they remained in their [area] , although blair caught two ; but just seeing them , and just being there , was reward enough .

The cairn was erected in the 1870s by the local gamekeeper and named after him : it stands twelve feet high with an interior providing shelter , and occupies a vantage point from which Josse could survey the whole of his domain .
the cairn was erected in the 1870s by the local gamekeeper and named after him : it stands twelve feet high with an interior providing shelter , and occupies a vantage point from which josse could survey the whole of his [area] .

The domain guarded by the Three Men is , however , unworthy of such distinguished surveillance .
the [area] guarded by the three men is , however , unworthy of such distinguished surveillance .

One with a job during the day , who enjoyed looking after her small domain , and who did not demand too much attention from her landlady .
one with a job during the day , who enjoyed looking after her small [area] , and who did not demand too much attention from her landlady .

Indeed , the typical Greek tended to be backward-looking , since the future appeared to him to be the domain of total uncertainty , his only guide to it being delusive expectation .
indeed , the typical greek tended to be backward-looking , since the future appeared to him to be the [area] of total uncertainty , his only guide to it being delusive expectation .

If the individual can fence himself off from the prying eyes or fingers of the state , can maintain his private domain in his own way without intervention by public authorities , an important aspect of political liberty is established .
if the individual can fence himself off from the prying eyes or fingers of the state , can maintain his private [area] in his own way without intervention by public authorities , an important aspect of political liberty is established .

Request : The former holder of the parliamentary egg portfolio was asked to pen a brief preface to a book called ‘ Egg On Their Faces ’ — ‘ a humorous anthology of incidents which have embarrassed people in the public domain . ’
request : the former holder of the parliamentary egg portfolio was asked to pen a brief preface to a book called ‘ egg on their faces ’ — ‘ a humorous anthology of incidents which have embarrassed people in the public [area] . ’

The chieftains ' domain might have been delineated by the ‘ Giant 's Hedge ’ , apparently a defensive barrier constructed between the Fowey and Looe rivers .
the chieftains ' [area] might have been delineated by the ‘ giant 's hedge ’ , apparently a defensive barrier constructed between the fowey and looe rivers .

It is possible that Drummond and Hutton 's review underestimates the total activity , since many appraisals may be undertaken within health authorities and such reports do not always enter into the public domain .
it is possible that drummond and hutton 's review underestimates the total activity , since many appraisals may be undertaken within health authorities and such reports do not always enter into the public [area] .

In both the political arena and in the public domain reactions have been sharply divided .
in both the political arena and in the public [area] reactions have been sharply divided .

Accountability operates in the same domain as trust .
accountability operates in the same [area] as trust .

Although Garvey and Caramazza describe implicit causality as a property of verbs , it is , as we have already implied , best regarded as an aspect of world knowledge and , as such , its effects can readily be accommodated within the mental models framework , particularly if one assumes with Ladusaw & Dowty ( 1988 ) that generalizations about roles associated with verbs lie in the domain of world knowledge rather than linguistic theory .
although garvey and caramazza describe implicit causality as a property of verbs , it is , as we have already implied , best regarded as an aspect of world knowledge and , as such , its effects can readily be accommodated within the mental models framework , particularly if one assumes with ladusaw & dowty ( 1988 ) that generalizations about roles associated with verbs lie in the [area] of world knowledge rather than linguistic theory .

Their knowledge ( rules , facts and ideas ) has been acquired by study , investigation , observation and experience over many years of work in a particular domain , i.e .
their knowledge ( rules , facts and ideas ) has been acquired by study , investigation , observation and experience over many years of work in a particular [area] , i.e .

an understanding of how the system/component works and its relation with the outside world ( ‘ narrow domain ’ ) ;
an understanding of how the system/component works and its relation with the outside world ( ‘ narrow [area] ’ ) ;

Need to educate and gain confidence of domain experts
need to educate and gain confidence of [area] experts

Data , information and expertise are domain specific , ie they are specific to a particular application .
data , information and expertise are [area] specific , ie they are specific to a particular application .

Reasoning is domain independent and consists of generalised problem solving strategies .
reasoning is [area] independent and consists of generalised problem solving strategies .

But the Supreme Court decided that only questions of safety or public exposure to radiation are within the federal government 's domain .
but the supreme court decided that only questions of safety or public exposure to radiation are within the federal government 's [area] .

When the computer was the domain of the ‘ data processing department ’ — with double doors to keep out unwanted irritants like dirt , warm air and people who did n't understand what was going on within — the resident team of programmers and operators went unchallenged .
when the computer was the [area] of the ‘ data processing department ’ — with double doors to keep out unwanted irritants like dirt , warm air and people who did n't understand what was going on within — the resident team of programmers and operators went unchallenged .

Shallis 's proposal is then that events that happen in the Universe may similarly combine in ways that have meaning , in a domain or context that transcends time as we know it .
shallis 's proposal is then that events that happen in the universe may similarly combine in ways that have meaning , in a [area] or context that transcends time as we know it .

More than anyone before him , Herschel extended the domain of astronomy beyond the confines of the Solar System to the whole Galaxy ; Hubble extended it beyond the Galaxy to the ‘ realm of the nebulae ’ — presumably to the whole physical Universe .
more than anyone before him , herschel extended the [area] of astronomy beyond the confines of the solar system to the whole galaxy ; hubble extended it beyond the galaxy to the ‘ realm of the nebulae ’ — presumably to the whole physical universe .

Most complementary therapies act largely in the domain between the psychological and the physical , so that placebo-type effects , involving conscious mental participation , are often part of the treatment .
most complementary therapies act largely in the [area] between the psychological and the physical , so that placebo-type effects , involving conscious mental participation , are often part of the treatment .

Today , with powerful venoms added , they have become a formidable defence system against anything that enters the domain of the spiny fish .
today , with powerful venoms added , they have become a formidable defence system against anything that enters the [area] of the spiny fish .

Also infesting this domain are the dramatically spiny sea urchins .
also infesting this [area] are the dramatically spiny sea urchins .

In northern France this had been traditionally organized by the institution known as the villa , a country estate of variable size , often more or less the equivalent of a village , where all the land was the lord 's ; some part of it he let out to tenants , some part of it he farmed directly ; but even his own domain was in large measure tilled by the peasant tenants , who held their land in return for services in money , services in kind , and above all labour-services , for a defined amount of work for the lord .
in northern france this had been traditionally organized by the institution known as the villa , a country estate of variable size , often more or less the equivalent of a village , where all the land was the lord 's ; some part of it he let out to tenants , some part of it he farmed directly ; but even his own [area] was in large measure tilled by the peasant tenants , who held their land in return for services in money , services in kind , and above all labour-services , for a defined amount of work for the lord .

We can guess that both the lords and the village community found a uniform system , in which all the tenants had land of their own , and all worked to till the lord 's domain , had its advantages ; in particular , that the lords preferred the service of serfs , whose lives they did not have to organize in detail , to that of slaves , who were dependent on them for food and clothing and a roof over their heads .
we can guess that both the lords and the village community found a uniform system , in which all the tenants had land of their own , and all worked to till the lord 's [area] , had its advantages ; in particular , that the lords preferred the service of serfs , whose lives they did not have to organize in detail , to that of slaves , who were dependent on them for food and clothing and a roof over their heads .

The notion that there was such a country as France , at a time when the royal authority was very little recognized outside the narrow boundaries of the royal domain , the Île de France , was fostered by the legend of Charlemagne .
the notion that there was such a country as france , at a time when the royal authority was very little recognized outside the narrow boundaries of the royal [area] , the île de france , was fostered by the legend of charlemagne .

The room at the top stretches from the front to the back of the house and is the domain of the Pages ' younger son , Nicholas .
the room at the top stretches from the front to the back of the house and is the [area] of the pages ' younger son , nicholas .

The fact that our own personal experience of being alive is different to the experience which all other humans and lower creatures have of us , is a clear and obvious pointer to the mind-nature of this physical domain .
the fact that our own personal experience of being alive is different to the experience which all other humans and lower creatures have of us , is a clear and obvious pointer to the mind-nature of this physical [area] .

However this is a controversial area , and conventional allergists do not seem eager to welcome behavioural disorders such as hyperactivity into their domain .
however this is a controversial area , and conventional allergists do not seem eager to welcome behavioural disorders such as hyperactivity into their [area] .

The questions our friends were dying to ask were those which the tabloids have trumpeted ever since the case came into the public domain .
the questions our friends were dying to ask were those which the tabloids have trumpeted ever since the case came into the public [area] .

Each domain is subdivided into a hierarchy of categories , which provide the basis for a set of objectives for a given piece of learning .
each [area] is subdivided into a hierarchy of categories , which provide the basis for a set of objectives for a given piece of learning .

In the cognitive domain ( Table 4.1 ) , the categories are : knowledge , comprehension , application , analysis , synthesis and evaluation .
in the cognitive [area] ( table 4.1 ) , the categories are : knowledge , comprehension , application , analysis , synthesis and evaluation .

The affective domain is similarly divided into a hierarchy of five categories .
the affective [area] is similarly divided into a hierarchy of five categories .

It seems difficult to write behavioural objectives for this domain alone , as affective functioning is always interwoven with cognitive functioning .
it seems difficult to write behavioural objectives for this [area] alone , as affective functioning is always interwoven with cognitive functioning .

In the examples of objectives given above for the cognitive domain , the affective component will be revealed in the quality of the interaction between the student and patient , in the way the nurse handles any complications arising , and in the evaluation stage , in the emphasis she places on personal and psychological needs .
in the examples of objectives given above for the cognitive [area] , the affective component will be revealed in the quality of the interaction between the student and patient , in the way the nurse handles any complications arising , and in the evaluation stage , in the emphasis she places on personal and psychological needs .

It may be argued that because the affective domain deals with qualitative differences it can not be planned for in the same systematic way that is applied to knowledge , and that it is best dealt with by providing suitable models , and by discussion when problems and student needs arise .
it may be argued that because the affective [area] deals with qualitative differences it can not be planned for in the same systematic way that is applied to knowledge , and that it is best dealt with by providing suitable models , and by discussion when problems and student needs arise .

The motor skills domain has received far less attention than the cognitive and affective , and objectives in this field are perhaps best devised from a study of the way skills are learned .
the motor skills [area] has received far less attention than the cognitive and affective , and objectives in this field are perhaps best devised from a study of the way skills are learned .

We have been brought up to regard the house as our domain , and , despite wanting a man to pull his weight , can resent the feeling of being usurped .
we have been brought up to regard the house as our [area] , and , despite wanting a man to pull his weight , can resent the feeling of being usurped .

Thus , in the cognitive domain , the user should know how to make use of specific databases and information systems for information retrieval .
thus , in the cognitive [area] , the user should know how to make use of specific databases and information systems for information retrieval .

In the affective domain , objectives are concerned with how the user feels about using the system and if he/she continues to use this method of information retrieval after training .
in the affective [area] , objectives are concerned with how the user feels about using the system and if he/she continues to use this method of information retrieval after training .

Thirdly , and following on , the debate helped to formulate a new image of young workers and to project it , not only well beyond the immediate confines of the reformers and their circles , but also well beyond the realms of education into the public domain .
thirdly , and following on , the debate helped to formulate a new image of young workers and to project it , not only well beyond the immediate confines of the reformers and their circles , but also well beyond the realms of education into the public [area] .

Armed with this knowledge , we then decide to adopt Taylor 's value-added framework ( in his seminal work of 1986 ) to discuss the processes needed to transform information as it first appears in the public domain into information that matches the detailed individual decision-making situation .
armed with this knowledge , we then decide to adopt taylor 's value-added framework ( in his seminal work of 1986 ) to discuss the processes needed to transform information as it first appears in the public [area] into information that matches the detailed individual decision-making situation .

Partly because of this facility , knowledge workers are able to communicate directly and informally with the environment 's ‘ original information formulators ’ — and thus receive information before it enters the public domain , if , indeed , it ever subsequently does .
partly because of this facility , knowledge workers are able to communicate directly and informally with the environment 's ‘ original information formulators ’ — and thus receive information before it enters the public [area] , if , indeed , it ever subsequently does .

However , ‘ players ’ do not confine themselves to releasing into the public domain ‘ required ’ publications . They will also seek to influence public and corporate opinion by generating other publicly available information via :
however , ‘ players ’ do not confine themselves to releasing into the public [area] ‘ required ’ publications . they will also seek to influence public and corporate opinion by generating other publicly available information via :

My contention is that the prime reason for this situation — in the publicly available data domain — is the failure of librarians and information scientists to get a proper grip on the overall problem and to take effective measures to solve it .
my contention is that the prime reason for this situation — in the publicly available data [area] — is the failure of librarians and information scientists to get a proper grip on the overall problem and to take effective measures to solve it .

May Day is celebrated absurdly in different parts of Cosla 's domain on different days .
may day is celebrated absurdly in different parts of cosla 's [area] on different days .

It was during these five years of Clarendon 's first period at the Foreign Office that it seems to have changed its status from the personal domain of the Secretary of State to a professionally staffed institution with its own executive functions and , at the same time , positive steps were taken towards providing suitable accommodation for this new organization .
it was during these five years of clarendon 's first period at the foreign office that it seems to have changed its status from the personal [area] of the secretary of state to a professionally staffed institution with its own executive functions and , at the same time , positive steps were taken towards providing suitable accommodation for this new organization .

In the rhetoric of the abolitionists , slavery in the United States made the country into “ a House of Bondage. ” Both blacks and whites identified with the same story of liberation from this domain of oppression .
in the rhetoric of the abolitionists , slavery in the united states made the country into “ a house of bondage. ” both blacks and whites identified with the same story of liberation from this [area] of oppression .

The fatal mistake in 1883 was concluding that everything below stage five could properly be classified as private or “ social. ” Justice Harlan ’ s dissent stresses that stages two , three , and four are also actions in the public domain that implicate the state in various ways—as enforcer , as beneficiary of the surrogate private enterprise , or by direct or indirect funding ( e.g. , tax incentives ) .
the fatal mistake in 1883 was concluding that everything below stage five could properly be classified as private or “ social. ” justice harlan ’ s dissent stresses that stages two , three , and four are also actions in the public [area] that implicate the state in various ways—as enforcer , as beneficiary of the surrogate private enterprise , or by direct or indirect funding ( e.g. , tax incentives ) .

In doing so , it shortchanges its proper domain .
in doing so , it shortchanges its proper [area] .

Because we have not realized that we can not finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere or an econo-sphere ; by contrast , Newton , Laplace , Boltzmann , Einstein , and perhaps Bohr have all more or less presupposed that we can finitely prestate the configuration space of any domain open to scientific enquiry .
because we have not realized that we can not finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere or an econo-sphere ; by contrast , newton , laplace , boltzmann , einstein , and perhaps bohr have all more or less presupposed that we can finitely prestate the configuration space of any [area] open to scientific enquiry .

Consider a “ domain ” and a “ range. ” A mapping takes points in the domain to points in the range .
consider a “ [area] ” and a “ range. ” a mapping takes points in the [area] to points in the range .

For example , in a : mapping , each point in the domain maps to a single corresponding point in the range .
for example , in a : mapping , each point in the [area] maps to a single corresponding point in the range .

The domain and range can be discrete sets or continuous .
the [area] and range can be discrete sets or continuous .

An interesting feature of categories is that a category can have the property that the mapping from the domain to the range is specified by the category itself in a recursive way ; the elements of the range determine the mapping from the domain to the range .
an interesting feature of categories is that a category can have the property that the mapping from the [area] to the range is specified by the category itself in a recursive way ; the elements of the range determine the mapping from the [area] to the range .

We need merely think of a set of molecular species in the domain and a set of molecular species in the range ; the mapping from domain to range is just the set of reactions that transform the initial “ substrate molecules ” in the domain to the “ product molecules ” in the range .
we need merely think of a set of molecular species in the [area] and a set of molecular species in the range ; the mapping from [area] to range is just the set of reactions that transform the initial “ substrate molecules ” in the [area] to the “ product molecules ” in the range .

An autocatalytic set has the property that certain product molecules in the range , namely the products that are also catalysts , “ choose ” the reactions that are catalyzed from the substrates to the products , hence , choose the specific mapping from the domain to the range .
an autocatalytic set has the property that certain product molecules in the range , namely the products that are also catalysts , “ choose ” the reactions that are catalyzed from the substrates to the products , hence , choose the specific mapping from the [area] to the range .

We are entering an entirely new domain .
we are entering an entirely new [area] .

Mohammed Ali had a vision for his new domain .
mohammed ali had a vision for his new [area] .

A narrow cobbled trail of 587 steps leads from the town to the small port below , now the domain of a fleet of donkeys that wait to carry cruise ship passengers into town .
a narrow cobbled trail of 587 steps leads from the town to the small port below , now the [area] of a fleet of donkeys that wait to carry cruise ship passengers into town .

Part of Greece from the moment of statehood , the Sporades islands see many Greek mainland visitors , and were once the exclusive domain of an independent sailing fraternity .
part of greece from the moment of statehood , the sporades islands see many greek mainland visitors , and were once the exclusive [area] of an independent sailing fraternity .

Beside the docks is Victoria Craft Market , the domain of the famous “ higglers , ” the assertive women who run the small stalls .
beside the docks is victoria craft market , the [area] of the famous “ higglers , ” the assertive women who run the small stalls .

Other sports : If you feel the need to work up a sweat while you are in Cairo then you can become a temporary member of the Gazira Sports Club — once the domain of the upper classes .
other sports : if you feel the need to work up a sweat while you are in cairo then you can become a temporary member of the gazira sports club — once the [area] of the upper classes .

Finally , the Caribs were expelled from the French domain , remaining for a period on Dominica and St. Vincent .
finally , the caribs were expelled from the french [area] , remaining for a period on dominica and st. vincent .

To tour the legislators ’ domain , bring your passport or identity card .
to tour the legislators ’ [area] , bring your passport or identity card .

The Sinai has long been the domain of the Bedouin , nomadic tribes who travel with their flocks of sheep and camels , moving from pasture to pasture and living in large family tents .
the sinai has long been the [area] of the bedouin , nomadic tribes who travel with their flocks of sheep and camels , moving from pasture to pasture and living in large family tents .

If your desire is to escape the coastal heat , highland retreats will refresh and invigorate , offering a chance to enjoy what was once the exclusive domain of colonial administrators .
if your desire is to escape the coastal heat , highland retreats will refresh and invigorate , offering a chance to enjoy what was once the exclusive [area] of colonial administrators .

Traditional shapes of urns , jugs , and cups are decorated with scenes taken from the lives of the ancients or of the Greek gods in their domain on Mount Olympus .
traditional shapes of urns , jugs , and cups are decorated with scenes taken from the lives of the ancients or of the greek gods in their [area] on mount olympus .

The settlement was entered on maps of the Roman Empire , but following Rome ’ s decline , the land became the domain of various Germanic tribes in what is known throughout Europe as the “ Dark Ages. ” This probably had little effect on the fledgling city , whose main trade was fishing .
the settlement was entered on maps of the roman empire , but following rome ’ s decline , the land became the [area] of various germanic tribes in what is known throughout europe as the “ dark ages. ” this probably had little effect on the fledgling city , whose main trade was fishing .

For many years , the island of Lombok was the domain of the Sasaks , a people who had come from the Asian mainland by way of Java and Bali .
for many years , the island of lombok was the [area] of the sasaks , a people who had come from the asian mainland by way of java and bali .

In the domain of darker political history , two former Nationalist prisons outside town are open as monuments to the Revolutionary cause .
in the [area] of darker political history , two former nationalist prisons outside town are open as monuments to the revolutionary cause .

Only a few years ago this street was the domain of the Bay Street Boys , a small group of men who controlled all economic activity in the Bahamas ; now Bay Street seduces visitors with huge sparkling gems , hundreds of ounces of gold , and the smell of a thousand designer fragrances .
only a few years ago this street was the [area] of the bay street boys , a small group of men who controlled all economic activity in the bahamas ; now bay street seduces visitors with huge sparkling gems , hundreds of ounces of gold , and the smell of a thousand designer fragrances .

Guards do their best to keep the beach the domain of the expatriate and wealthy tourist classes .
guards do their best to keep the beach the [area] of the expatriate and wealthy tourist classes .

A narrow cobbled trail of 587 steps leads from the town to the small port below , now the domain of a fleet of donkeys that wait to carry cruise ship passengers into town .
a narrow cobbled trail of 587 steps leads from the town to the small port below , now the [area] of a fleet of donkeys that wait to carry cruise ship passengers into town .

The lawsuit , filed by attorneys for Neighborhood Legal Services Association and Community Justice Project , asked the Allegheny County courts to appoint a board of viewers under the state Eminent Domain Code to determine `` just compensation and relocation expenses '' for five families who still live there and for several who already were evicted .
the lawsuit , filed by attorneys for neighborhood legal services association and community justice project , asked the allegheny county courts to appoint a board of viewers under the state eminent [area] code to determine `` just compensation and relocation expenses '' for five families who still live there and for several who already were evicted .

In the suit , NLS attorney Eileen D. Yacknin and Evalynn B. Welling , Community Justice Project attorney , contend that the city is trying to avoid its responsibilities to the tenants under state eminent domain code and the federal Housing and Community Development Act by having Raimondi carry out the evictions .
in the suit , nls attorney eileen d. yacknin and evalynn b. welling , community justice project attorney , contend that the city is trying to avoid its responsibilities to the tenants under state eminent [area] code and the federal housing and community development act by having raimondi carry out the evictions .

The majority of opinion leaders in emergency medicine reflect the current belief that alcohol problems are outside their practice domain .
the majority of opinion leaders in emergency medicine reflect the current belief that alcohol problems are outside their practice [area] .

Each specialty operates within its own domain , with little integration of services across specialities , and they do not publish in common journals .
each specialty operates within its own [area] , with little integration of services across specialities , and they do not publish in common journals .

The REMSAD modeling domain selected for the Clear Skies Act consists of 36 km x 36 km grid cells covering the 48-contiguous United States , and REMSAD can perform a full-year simulation , generating predictions of hourly PM concentrations ( including both PM2.5 component species and PM10 ) at each grid cell .
the remsad modeling [area] selected for the clear skies act consists of 36 km x 36 km grid cells covering the 48-contiguous united states , and remsad can perform a full-year simulation , generating predictions of hourly pm concentrations ( including both pm2.5 component species and pm10 ) at each grid cell .

The modeling domain for this analysis encompasses most of the eastern U.S. , bounded on the east by the 67 degrees west longitude and on the west by the 99 degrees west longitude .
the modeling [area] for this analysis encompasses most of the eastern u.s. , bounded on the east by the 67 degrees west longitude and on the west by the 99 degrees west longitude .

The top of the modeling domain is 4000 meters above ground level .
the top of the modeling [area] is 4000 meters above ground level .

The `` inner OTAG '' region is comprised of the more eastern ( and more populated ) states within the OTAG domain .
the `` inner otag '' region is comprised of the more eastern ( and more populated ) states within the otag [area] .

Given available ozone monitoring data , we generated full-season ozone profiles for each location in the modeling domain in two steps : ( 1 ) we combine monitored observations and modeled ozone predictions to interpolate hourly ozone concentrations to a grid of 8 km by 8 km population grid-cells , as will be described in the Human Health and Environmental Effects Modeling section , and ( 2 ) we converted these full-season hourly ozone profiles to an ozone measure of interest , such as the daily average .
given available ozone monitoring data , we generated full-season ozone profiles for each location in the modeling [area] in two steps : ( 1 ) we combine monitored observations and modeled ozone predictions to interpolate hourly ozone concentrations to a grid of 8 km by 8 km population grid-cells , as will be described in the human health and environmental effects modeling section , and ( 2 ) we converted these full-season hourly ozone profiles to an ozone measure of interest , such as the daily average .

This means there would be no separate in-county rates , no separate rates for classroom material , no separate rates for nonprofit organizations ( which exist both in Periodicals and in Standard A ) , no separate rates for Library mail,11 and no separate rates for Science-of- 10 Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
this means there would be no separate in-county rates , no separate rates for classroom material , no separate rates for nonprofit organizations ( which exist both in periodicals and in standard a ) , no separate rates for library mail,11 and no separate rates for science-of- 10 other advantages the postal service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent [area] , and immunity from parking tickets .

Thus , like any powerful bureaucrat defending his domain , Hambali objected when al Qaeda leadership tried to assign JI members to terrorist projects without notifying him .
thus , like any powerful bureaucrat defending his [area] , hambali objected when al qaeda leadership tried to assign ji members to terrorist projects without notifying him .

On KSM 's recognition of Hambali 's domain , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Aug. 18 , 2003 .
on ksm 's recognition of hambali 's [area] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , aug. 18 , 2003 .

To facilitate the use of the methods by local , state , and federal health departments , the space–time permutation scan statistic has been implemented as a feature in the free and public domain SaTScan software [ 36 ] .
to facilitate the use of the methods by local , state , and federal health departments , the space–time permutation scan statistic has been implemented as a feature in the free and public [area] satscan software [ 36 ] .

The modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an ACP domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .
the modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an acp [area] , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .

This consists of the six chain-building modules , preceded by a short module for loading the starter unit and ending in a domain for releasing the completed carbon chain from the PKS .
this consists of the six chain-building modules , preceded by a short module for loading the starter unit and ending in a [area] for releasing the completed carbon chain from the pks .

The carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .
the carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each [area] in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .

The primary data should also be required to be in the public domain ( say , within 1–2 years after completion ) .
the primary data should also be required to be in the public [area] ( say , within 1–2 years after completion ) .

One of the hallmarks of human nature is our remarkably flexible behaviour , especially in the social domain , which is perhaps also a major reason for our relative evolutionary success .
one of the hallmarks of human nature is our remarkably flexible behaviour , especially in the social [area] , which is perhaps also a major reason for our relative evolutionary success .

In addition , our task used money as the secondary reinforcer , which might be a powerful influence on humans but has little biological relevance for other animals , and certainly none in the social domain that I was interested in .
in addition , our task used money as the secondary reinforcer , which might be a powerful influence on humans but has little biological relevance for other animals , and certainly none in the social [area] that i was interested in .

APP can also be cleaved by the nonamyloidogenic α-secretases , a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 10 ( ADAM-10 ) and ADAM-17 [ 3 ] , in a reaction that is believed to occur primarily on the plasma membrane [ 4 ] and is known as “ ectodomain shedding. ” α-Secretase-type ectodomain shedding divides the Aβ domain of APP , thereby generating α-secretase-cleaved soluble APP ectodomain ( sAPP α ) [ 4 ] .
app can also be cleaved by the nonamyloidogenic α-secretases , a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 10 ( adam-10 ) and adam-17 [ 3 ] , in a reaction that is believed to occur primarily on the plasma membrane [ 4 ] and is known as “ ectodomain shedding. ” α-secretase-type ectodomain shedding divides the aβ [area] of app , thereby generating α-secretase-cleaved soluble app ectodomain ( sapp α ) [ 4 ] .

Structurally , the ROCK1 N-terminus contains the protein kinase domain , while the C-terminus has both a Rho-binding domain and a pleckstrin homology domain , either of which can modulate protein–protein interactions .
structurally , the rock1 n-terminus contains the protein kinase [area] , while the c-terminus has both a rho-binding [area] and a pleckstrin homology [area] , either of which can modulate protein–protein interactions .

In the inactive state , the Rho-binding domain and the pleckstrin homology domain form an autoinhibitory loop by binding and blocking the kinase domain at the N-terminus of the molecule .
in the inactive state , the rho-binding [area] and the pleckstrin homology [area] form an autoinhibitory loop by binding and blocking the kinase [area] at the n-terminus of the molecule .

Activation of ROCK1 occurs when a Rho protein binds to the Rho-binding domain , causing a conformational change that opens the kinase domain for the phosphorylation of downstream effectors [ 23 ] .
activation of rock1 occurs when a rho protein binds to the rho-binding [area] , causing a conformational change that opens the kinase [area] for the phosphorylation of downstream effectors [ 23 ] .

Neither of these would be predicted to act via the phorbol-binding C1 domain of Munc-13 .
neither of these would be predicted to act via the phorbol-binding c1 [area] of munc-13 .

Cao and Sudhof [ 56 ] have recently discovered that the APP C-terminal fragment generated by α- or β-secretase is itself cleaved to release Aβ and an APP intracellular domain ( AICD ) that diffuses into the nucleus , possibly acting there as a transcription factor .
cao and sudhof [ 56 ] have recently discovered that the app c-terminal fragment generated by α- or β-secretase is itself cleaved to release aβ and an app intracellular [area] ( aicd ) that diffuses into the nucleus , possibly acting there as a transcription factor .

These investigators discovered that activation of ROCK1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the APP transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the C-terminus of Aβ .
these investigators discovered that activation of rock1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the app transmembrane [area] that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the c-terminus of aβ .

Common in prokaryotes , but apparently restricted to plants and fungi in eukaryotes , these modular signaling systems involve a membrane-bound receptor containing an intracellular histidine kinase ( HK ) domain ( Wolanin et al .
common in prokaryotes , but apparently restricted to plants and fungi in eukaryotes , these modular signaling systems involve a membrane-bound receptor containing an intracellular histidine kinase ( hk ) [area] ( wolanin et al .

ETR1 and ERS1 contain a consensus HK domain , however , the HK domains of ETR2 , ERS2 , and EIN4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .
etr1 and ers1 contain a consensus hk [area] , however , the hk domains of etr2 , ers2 , and ein4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .

A Semi-Public Database This process occurs entirely outside of the public domain .
a semi-public database this process occurs entirely outside of the public [area] .

The agency could expand its implementation of the Electronic Freedom of Information Act and make all NDA reviews , at least for approved NDAs , available in the public domain .
the agency could expand its implementation of the electronic freedom of information act and make all nda reviews , at least for approved ndas , available in the public [area] .

Although there are many potential mechanisms for development of clinical resistance , most cases of imatinib-resistant CML are due to point mutations in the BCR-ABL kinase domain itself , including T315I [ 10,11 ] .
although there are many potential mechanisms for development of clinical resistance , most cases of imatinib-resistant cml are due to point mutations in the bcr-abl kinase [area] itself , including t315i [ 10,11 ] .

A ribbon structure of erlotinib bound to the EGFR kinase domain ( Figure 1 ) shows the threonine residue at position 790 in green and the positions of the exon 19 and L858R gain-of-function mutations .
a ribbon structure of erlotinib bound to the egfr kinase [area] ( figure 1 ) shows the threonine residue at position 790 in green and the positions of the exon 19 and l858r gain-of-function mutations .

In principle , deubiquitination could be used for ( 1 ) recycling of ubiquitin , ( 2 ) abetting degradation by removal of the tightly folded highly stable globular ubiquitin domain , or ( 3 ) mitigating degradation by removal of the ubiquitin anchor , without which the substrate is easily released and rescued .
in principle , deubiquitination could be used for ( 1 ) recycling of ubiquitin , ( 2 ) abetting degradation by removal of the tightly folded highly stable globular ubiquitin [area] , or ( 3 ) mitigating degradation by removal of the ubiquitin anchor , without which the substrate is easily released and rescued .

Countries adopting the latter system would remove patents on final drug compounds , placing them in the public domain .
countries adopting the latter system would remove patents on final drug compounds , placing them in the public [area] .

Despite the slackened selective constraints , mutations can still destroy the incipient functionality of a duplicated gene : for example , by introducing a premature stop codon or a mutation that destroys the structure of a major protein domain .
despite the slackened selective constraints , mutations can still destroy the incipient functionality of a duplicated gene : for example , by introducing a premature stop codon or a mutation that destroys the structure of a major protein [area] .

Most of the rest of PINK1 is a Serine/Threonine protein kinase domain , followed by a short carboxy-terminal region of unclear significance .
most of the rest of pink1 is a serine/threonine protein kinase [area] , followed by a short carboxy-terminal region of unclear significance .

By contrast , null models , and specifically the geometric constraints model , argue that the expected pattern of latitudinal variation in richness is not a uniform one , but rather a mid-domain peak , which is almost inevitably the outcome of the random placement of a set of variable species ranges within a bounded domain ( Colwell et al .
by contrast , null models , and specifically the geometric constraints model , argue that the expected pattern of latitudinal variation in richness is not a uniform one , but rather a mid-domain peak , which is almost inevitably the outcome of the random placement of a set of variable species ranges within a bounded [area] ( colwell et al .

The fact that the sequence of the human genome is an openly accessible work is due in large measure to the Trust 's determination that this information be in the public domain and not hidden behind commercial subscriptions .
the fact that the sequence of the human genome is an openly accessible work is due in large measure to the trust 's determination that this information be in the public [area] and not hidden behind commercial subscriptions .

In particular , it is difficult to convert all the curators ' domain knowledge into a structured training set for the purposes of machine learning approaches .
in particular , it is difficult to convert all the curators ' [area] knowledge into a structured training set for the purposes of machine learning approaches .

Altogether , about 500,000 terms constitute the basis of domain knowledge in life sciences .
altogether , about 500,000 terms constitute the basis of [area] knowledge in life sciences .

Depending on the curation task , it might therefore be advantageous to select only part of the terminological resources and thus restrict the domain of the terminology to the curators ' needs ( Figure 3 ) .
depending on the curation task , it might therefore be advantageous to select only part of the terminological resources and thus restrict the [area] of the terminology to the curators ' needs ( figure 3 ) .

For example , the same text may serve curators from different communities who extract different types of facts , depending on their domain knowledge .
for example , the same text may serve curators from different communities who extract different types of facts , depending on their [area] knowledge .

The common structural feature of yeast prion proteins is the so-called prion domain , characterized by the high content of glutamines ( Q ) and asparagines ( N ) ( DePace et al .
the common structural feature of yeast prion proteins is the so-called prion [area] , characterized by the high content of glutamines ( q ) and asparagines ( n ) ( depace et al .

Interestingly , the mammalian PrP Sc is fundamentally different from yeast prions , since it lacks a Q/N-rich domain , indicating that distinct structural features are responsible for its ability to form self-propagating aggregates .
interestingly , the mammalian prp sc is fundamentally different from yeast prions , since it lacks a q/n-rich [area] , indicating that distinct structural features are responsible for its ability to form self-propagating aggregates .

Even if a protein with a polyQ domain does not form a prion , its aggregation may depend on certain prions .
even if a protein with a polyq [area] does not form a prion , its aggregation may depend on certain prions .

For example , recent experiments demonstrated that [ RNQ + ] prion dramatically stimulated aggregation of fragments of recombinant human huntingtin or ataxin-3 with an expanded polyQ domain cloned in yeast ( Osherovich and Weissman 2001 ; Meriin et al .
for example , recent experiments demonstrated that [ rnq + ] prion dramatically stimulated aggregation of fragments of recombinant human huntingtin or ataxin-3 with an expanded polyq [area] cloned in yeast ( osherovich and weissman 2001 ; meriin et al .

The neuronal form of this protein has a Q/N-rich domain similar to the prion domains of yeast prions .
the neuronal form of this protein has a q/n-rich [area] similar to the prion domains of yeast prions .

The Q/N-rich domain from CPEB ( CPEBQ ) , when fused to green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) , conferred upon it prion-like properties .
the q/n-rich [area] from cpeb ( cpebq ) , when fused to green fluorescent protein ( gfp ) , conferred upon it prion-like properties .

In New1 , in contrast to a deletion of the N-rich domain , deletion of the repeat did not affect aggregation of the protein or formation of the prion , but abrogated inheritance of the prion .
in new1 , in contrast to a deletion of the n-rich [area] , deletion of the repeat did not affect aggregation of the protein or formation of the prion , but abrogated inheritance of the prion .

With Sup35 , the situation was somewhat more complicated , since repeats adjacent to Q/N-rich domain affected both protein aggregation and prion maintenance while more distant repeats affected only the prion inheritance .
with sup35 , the situation was somewhat more complicated , since repeats adjacent to q/n-rich [area] affected both protein aggregation and prion maintenance while more distant repeats affected only the prion inheritance .

In fact , the authors constructed an F chimera , a fusion protein having the N-rich domain of New1 and the oligopeptide repeat of Sup35 .
in fact , the authors constructed an f chimera , a fusion protein having the n-rich [area] of new1 and the oligopeptide repeat of sup35 .

The authors also identify a short , C-terminal domain that makes FOG-2 uniquely able to perform its germline sex-determining function .
the authors also identify a short , c-terminal [area] that makes fog-2 uniquely able to perform its germline sex-determining function .

This domain is probably derived from a frame-shifting mutation in an ancestral gene .
this [area] is probably derived from a frame-shifting mutation in an ancestral gene .

Close passed the test , but continued in his compulsive style , exploring the minutiae of the pixel structure in his grandiose portraits , while Lichtenstein explored the iconographic largesse of the new domain opened up by this challenge .
close passed the test , but continued in his compulsive style , exploring the minutiae of the pixel structure in his grandiose portraits , while lichtenstein explored the iconographic largesse of the new [area] opened up by this challenge .

The following example from cancer biology illustrates such a combination : the question , “ how does it work ? ” is approached in the domain of cells ( specifically , human cancer cells ) with algorithms for correlation and hierarchical clustering .
the following example from cancer biology illustrates such a combination : the question , “ how does it work ? ” is approached in the [area] of cells ( specifically , human cancer cells ) with algorithms for correlation and hierarchical clustering .

They consist of two distinct , associated subunits ( noncovalent heterodimers ) , where each subunit ( α , β ) consists of a single transmembrane domain , a large extracellular domain of several hundred amino acids ( composed of multiple structural domains ) , and typically , a small cytoplasmic domain of somewhere between 20–70 residues ( Figure 1 ) .
they consist of two distinct , associated subunits ( noncovalent heterodimers ) , where each subunit ( α , β ) consists of a single transmembrane [area] , a large extracellular [area] of several hundred amino acids ( composed of multiple structural domains ) , and typically , a small cytoplasmic [area] of somewhere between 20–70 residues ( figure 1 ) .

Upon stimulation , a cellular signal induces a conformational change in the integrin cytoplasmic domain that propagates to the extracellular domain .
upon stimulation , a cellular signal induces a conformational change in the integrin cytoplasmic [area] that propagates to the extracellular [area] .

On the road toward this goal , Ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( Calderwood et al .
on the road toward this goal , ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head [area] of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( calderwood et al .

Straightening Out the Outside On the extracellular side , ground-breaking insights were provided when the crystal structure of the extracellular domain of integrin α v β 3 ( the nomenclature identifies the particular α and β subunits ) was determined ( Xiong et al .
straightening out the outside on the extracellular side , ground-breaking insights were provided when the crystal structure of the extracellular [area] of integrin α v β 3 ( the nomenclature identifies the particular α and β subunits ) was determined ( xiong et al .

A molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head domain allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .
a molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head [area] allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .

This interaction unclasps the complex between the cytoplasmic tails , which then allows a conformational shift in the extracellular domain from a bent to a more extended form for high-affinity ligand binding ( Figure 1 ) ( Takagi et al .
this interaction unclasps the complex between the cytoplasmic tails , which then allows a conformational shift in the extracellular [area] from a bent to a more extended form for high-affinity ligand binding ( figure 1 ) ( takagi et al .

The activated integrins may then undergo clustering whereby the transmembrane domain of each type of subunit ( the α or β ) interacts with itself—called homotypic oligomerization of the transmembrane domains ( Figure 1 ) ( Li et al .
the activated integrins may then undergo clustering whereby the transmembrane [area] of each type of subunit ( the α or β ) interacts with itself—called homotypic oligomerization of the transmembrane domains ( figure 1 ) ( li et al .

By selectively altering the residues that can interact with one another , the authors defined a specific transmembrane domain interface in resting α IIb β 3 and showed that this interface is lost upon activation of this integrin .
by selectively altering the residues that can interact with one another , the authors defined a specific transmembrane [area] interface in resting α iib β 3 and showed that this interface is lost upon activation of this integrin .

Backed by extensive structural and biochemical data on the integrin cytoplasmic/extracellular domains , this transmembrane domain study takes the next vital step toward a more complete understanding of the unclasping mechanism for integrin activation .
backed by extensive structural and biochemical data on the integrin cytoplasmic/extracellular domains , this transmembrane [area] study takes the next vital step toward a more complete understanding of the unclasping mechanism for integrin activation .

Although the energy required for lateral separation of the transmembrane domains in membrane appears to be high , the third step in Figure 1 ( clustering via transmembrane domain oligomerization ) may compensate for it .
although the energy required for lateral separation of the transmembrane domains in membrane appears to be high , the third step in figure 1 ( clustering via transmembrane [area] oligomerization ) may compensate for it .

In the transmembrane region , although there is ample evidence for heterodimeric transmembrane domain association ( Adair and Yeager 2002 ; Schneider and Engelman 2003 ; Gottschalk and Kessler 2004 ; Luo et al .
in the transmembrane region , although there is ample evidence for heterodimeric transmembrane [area] association ( adair and yeager 2002 ; schneider and engelman 2003 ; gottschalk and kessler 2004 ; luo et al .

On the extracellular side , while the C-terminal unclasping and separation of the cytoplasmic and transmembrane regions appears to relieve the structural constraint and may allow the unbending of the extracellular domain to attain the high-affinity ligand binding state ( Takagi et al .
on the extracellular side , while the c-terminal unclasping and separation of the cytoplasmic and transmembrane regions appears to relieve the structural constraint and may allow the unbending of the extracellular [area] to attain the high-affinity ligand binding state ( takagi et al .

How is the integrin cytoplasmic domain connected to the cytoskeleton ?
how is the integrin cytoplasmic [area] connected to the cytoskeleton ?

There are at least two types of cohesin sites : ( 1 ) cohesin associated with the centromere and the nearby pericentric domain , and ( 2 ) cohesin associated with chromosome arms [ 12,13,14,15 ] .
there are at least two types of cohesin sites : ( 1 ) cohesin associated with the centromere and the nearby pericentric [area] , and ( 2 ) cohesin associated with chromosome arms [ 12,13,14,15 ] .

Vertebrate shugoshin has been shown to have a strong microtubule-binding domain [ 36 ] and is found at the kinetochore [ 37 ] .
vertebrate shugoshin has been shown to have a strong microtubule-binding [area] [ 36 ] and is found at the kinetochore [ 37 ] .

Using Open-Access Resources for Creative Teaching … During the past three years , I have taught an undergraduate course in genomics ( www.bio.davidson.edu/genomics ) in which I capitalize on a confluence of two trends in the field : public domain databases and open-access journals ( Campbell 2003 ) .
using open-access resources for creative teaching … during the past three years , i have taught an undergraduate course in genomics ( www.bio.davidson.edu/genomics ) in which i capitalize on a confluence of two trends in the field : public [area] databases and open-access journals ( campbell 2003 ) .

Genomics courses are not the only beneficiaries , since other classes at many institutions ( e.g. , introductory biology , biochemistry , cell development , genetics , microbiology , molecular biology [ see http : //www.bio.davidson.edu/courses/Molbio/standardsHP.html # anchor78181983 ] , and neuroscience ) require students to mine public domain databases ( Dyer and LeBlanc 2002 ; Honts 2003 ) .
genomics courses are not the only beneficiaries , since other classes at many institutions ( e.g. , introductory biology , biochemistry , cell development , genetics , microbiology , molecular biology [ see http : //www.bio.davidson.edu/courses/molbio/standardshp.html # anchor78181983 ] , and neuroscience ) require students to mine public [area] databases ( dyer and leblanc 2002 ; honts 2003 ) .

Its focus is the domain of writing , drawing from the author 's own experience of a compulsion to write , or hypergraphia , following a pyschic break .
its focus is the [area] of writing , drawing from the author 's own experience of a compulsion to write , or hypergraphia , following a pyschic break .

Next , the GTF TFIIH unwinds the DNA , opens the transcription bubble , and phosphorylates serines at position 5 in the C-terminal domain ( CTD ) of the RPB1 subunit of RNAPII ( reviewed in [ 2 ] ) .
next , the gtf tfiih unwinds the dna , opens the transcription bubble , and phosphorylates serines at position 5 in the c-terminal [area] ( ctd ) of the rpb1 subunit of rnapii ( reviewed in [ 2 ] ) .

Adjacent to the arginine-rich motif lie N-terminal core and cysteine-rich regions , which form the activation domain of the protein .
adjacent to the arginine-rich motif lie n-terminal core and cysteine-rich regions , which form the activation [area] of the protein .

This activation domain binds cyclin T1 ( CycT1 ) from P-TEFb , whose partner is CDK9 [ 12 ] .
this activation [area] binds cyclin t1 ( cyct1 ) from p-tefb , whose partner is cdk9 [ 12 ] .

Introduction Somatic gain-of-function mutations in exons encoding the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) tyrosine kinase domain are found in about 10 % of non-small cell lung cancers ( NSCLCs ) from the United States [ 1,2,3 ] , with higher percentages observed in east Asia [ 2,4,5,6 ] .
introduction somatic gain-of-function mutations in exons encoding the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) tyrosine kinase [area] are found in about 10 % of non-small cell lung cancers ( nsclcs ) from the united states [ 1,2,3 ] , with higher percentages observed in east asia [ 2,4,5,6 ] .

Mutations in the ABL kinase domain are found in 50 % –90 % of patients with secondary resistance to the drug ( reviewed in [ 8 ] ) .
mutations in the abl kinase [area] are found in 50 % –90 % of patients with secondary resistance to the drug ( reviewed in [ 8 ] ) .

Such mutations , which cluster in four distinct regions of the ABL kinase domain ( the ATP binding loop , T315 , M351 , and the activation loop ) , interfere with binding of imatinib to ABL [ 9,10,11 ] .
such mutations , which cluster in four distinct regions of the abl kinase [area] ( the atp binding loop , t315 , m351 , and the activation loop ) , interfere with binding of imatinib to abl [ 9,10,11 ] .

Although imatinib inhibits different kinases in various diseases ( BCR-ABL in CML , KIT or PDGFR-alpha in gastrointestinal stromal tumors [ GISTs ] , and PDGFR-alpha in hypereosinophilic syndrome [ HES ] ) ( reviewed in [ 14 ] ) , some tumors that become refractory to treatment with imatinib appear to have analogous secondary mutations in the kinase-coding domain of the genes encoding these three enzymes .
although imatinib inhibits different kinases in various diseases ( bcr-abl in cml , kit or pdgfr-alpha in gastrointestinal stromal tumors [ gists ] , and pdgfr-alpha in hypereosinophilic syndrome [ hes ] ) ( reviewed in [ 14 ] ) , some tumors that become refractory to treatment with imatinib appear to have analogous secondary mutations in the kinase-coding [area] of the genes encoding these three enzymes .

For example , in CML , a commonly found mutation is a C→T single nucleotide change that replaces threonine with isoleucine at position 315 ( T315I ) in the ABL kinase domain [ 9,10,11 ] .
for example , in cml , a commonly found mutation is a c→t single nucleotide change that replaces threonine with isoleucine at position 315 ( t315i ) in the abl kinase [area] [ 9,10,11 ] .

To determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain , we have examined the status of EGFR exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .
to determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the egfr kinase [area] , we have examined the status of egfr exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .

Patients ' Tumors Contain EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Domain Mutations Associated with Sensitivity to EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors We screened all available tumor samples from these three patients for previously described drug-sensitive EGFR mutations , by direct DNA sequencing of exons 19 and 21 [ 3 ] .
patients ' tumors contain egfr tyrosine kinase [area] mutations associated with sensitivity to egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors we screened all available tumor samples from these three patients for previously described drug-sensitive egfr mutations , by direct dna sequencing of exons 19 and 21 [ 3 ] .

A Secondary Missense Mutation in the EGFR Kinase Domain Detected in Lesions That Progressed while on Treatment with Either Gefitinib or Erlotinib To determine whether additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain were associated with progression of disease in these patients , we performed direct sequencing of all of the exons ( 18 through 24 ) encoding the EGFR catalytic region in the available tumor specimens .
a secondary missense mutation in the egfr kinase [area] detected in lesions that progressed while on treatment with either gefitinib or erlotinib to determine whether additional mutations in the egfr kinase [area] were associated with progression of disease in these patients , we performed direct sequencing of all of the exons ( 18 through 24 ) encoding the egfr catalytic region in the available tumor specimens .

In patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain ( Figure 2B , upper panels ; Table 1 ) .
in patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any additional mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase [area] ( figure 2b , upper panels ; table 1 ) .

An Established NSCLC Cell Line Contains Both T790M and L858R Mutations We profiled the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain ( exons 18 to 24 ) and KRAS exon 2 in eight established NSCLC lines ( Table 2 ) .
an established nsclc cell line contains both t790m and l858r mutations we profiled the egfr tyrosine kinase [area] ( exons 18 to 24 ) and kras exon 2 in eight established nsclc lines ( table 2 ) .

No other cell lines analyzed contained additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain .
no other cell lines analyzed contained additional mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase [area] .

The H3255 cell line , which harbors the L858R mutation and no other EGFR TK domain mutations ( Table 2 ) , was sensitive to treatment with gefitinib , with an IC 50 of about 0.01 μmol ( Figure 5 ) .
the h3255 cell line , which harbors the l858r mutation and no other egfr tk [area] mutations ( table 2 ) , was sensitive to treatment with gefitinib , with an ic 50 of about 0.01 μmol ( figure 5 ) .

Discussion Specific mutations in the tyrosine kinase domain of EGFR are associated with sensitivity to either gefitinib or erlotinib , but mechanisms of acquired resistance have not yet been reported .
discussion specific mutations in the tyrosine kinase [area] of egfr are associated with sensitivity to either gefitinib or erlotinib , but mechanisms of acquired resistance have not yet been reported .

Based upon analogous studies in other diseases with another kinase inhibitor , imatinib , a single amino acid substitution from threonine to methionine at position 790 in the wild-type EGFR kinase domain was predicted to lead to drug resistance , even before the association of exon 19 and 21 mutations of EGFR with drug responsiveness in NSCLC was reported .
based upon analogous studies in other diseases with another kinase inhibitor , imatinib , a single amino acid substitution from threonine to methionine at position 790 in the wild-type egfr kinase [area] was predicted to lead to drug resistance , even before the association of exon 19 and 21 mutations of egfr with drug responsiveness in nsclc was reported .

From analysis of the crystal structure of the EGFR kinase domain bound to erlotinib , it is has been shown that the wild-type threonine residue at position 790 is located in the hydrophobic ATP-binding pocket of the catalytic region , where it forms a critical hydrogen bond with the drug [ 24 ] .
from analysis of the crystal structure of the egfr kinase [area] bound to erlotinib , it is has been shown that the wild-type threonine residue at position 790 is located in the hydrophobic atp-binding pocket of the catalytic region , where it forms a critical hydrogen bond with the drug [ 24 ] .

Analogously , it may be possible to find EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors that bind to the EGFR kinase domain in different ways than gefitinib and erlotinib .
analogously , it may be possible to find egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors that bind to the egfr kinase [area] in different ways than gefitinib and erlotinib .

This study revealed that the quinazoline rings of erlotinib and lapatinib interact differently with the EGFR kinase domain , suggesting that while the T790M mutation may affect inhibition by erlotinib and gefitinib , it may not affect inhibition of EGFR by compounds similar to lapatinib .
this study revealed that the quinazoline rings of erlotinib and lapatinib interact differently with the egfr kinase [area] , suggesting that while the t790m mutation may affect inhibition by erlotinib and gefitinib , it may not affect inhibition of egfr by compounds similar to lapatinib .

Given the paradigm established with imatinib , other drug-resistance mutations in EGFR , either within or outside the tyrosine kinase domain , are likely to exist .
given the paradigm established with imatinib , other drug-resistance mutations in egfr , either within or outside the tyrosine kinase [area] , are likely to exist .

Assessment of each trial 's validity is critical , but should not stop crucial information about all trials being placed in the public domain .
assessment of each trial 's validity is critical , but should not stop crucial information about all trials being placed in the public [area] .

We challenge the Cochrane Collaboration to put the full text of all of its reviews into the public domain .
we challenge the cochrane collaboration to put the full text of all of its reviews into the public [area] .

Human adults learn to perceive this inherently fluid , relative domain in terms of fixed , solid objects existing within fixed structures of space and time .
human adults learn to perceive this inherently fluid , relative [area] in terms of fixed , solid objects existing within fixed structures of space and time .

As they cooled their palates and ate their dates , the Sheikh 's men knew they could not be followed , as they were the masters of their desert domain .
as they cooled their palates and ate their dates , the sheikh 's men knew they could not be followed , as they were the masters of their desert [area] .

The mystical connotations of Bohm 's ideas are underlined by his remark that the implicate domain `` could equally well be called Idealism , Spirit , Consciousness .
the mystical connotations of bohm 's ideas are underlined by his remark that the implicate [area] `` could equally well be called idealism , spirit , consciousness .

Meanwhile , the site that has claimed her name for its domain , www.monicalewinsky.com , says it 's reserved `` For Monica Lewinksy [ sic ] to use to convey to the American People , the TRUE Story of the White House Incident . ''
meanwhile , the site that has claimed her name for its [area] , www.monicalewinsky.com , says it 's reserved `` for monica lewinksy [ sic ] to use to convey to the american people , the true story of the white house incident . ''

Of the 11 counts already set forth , one which relates to executive privilege will be dropped , because Schippers views privilege as the domain of the judicial not the legislative branch .
of the 11 counts already set forth , one which relates to executive privilege will be dropped , because schippers views privilege as the [area] of the judicial not the legislative branch .

Works not covered by copyrights -- including ones with copyrights that have expired and those that never secured this protection -- are said to be in the `` public domain . ''
works not covered by copyrights -- including ones with copyrights that have expired and those that never secured this protection -- are said to be in the `` public [area] . ''

It 's a Wonderful Life entered the public domain by accident .
it 's a wonderful life entered the public [area] by accident .

The film entered the public domain .
the film entered the public [area] .

Since Republic still owned the copyrighted story behind It 's a Wonderful Life and had also purchased exclusive rights to the movie 's copyrighted music , it was able to essentially yank the movie out of the public domain : It claimed that since Wonderful Life relied on these copyrighted works , the film could no longer be shown without the studio 's blessing .
since republic still owned the copyrighted story behind it 's a wonderful life and had also purchased exclusive rights to the movie 's copyrighted music , it was able to essentially yank the movie out of the public [area] : it claimed that since wonderful life relied on these copyrighted works , the film could no longer be shown without the studio 's blessing .

Wonderful Life wo n't re-enter the public domain for quite a while .
wonderful life wo n't re-enter the public [area] for quite a while .

Order now , or at any other time , and receive Charlton Heston Presents the Word , a video reading of many psalms -- moving , profound , and in the public domain .
order now , or at any other time , and receive charlton heston presents the word , a video reading of many psalms -- moving , profound , and in the public [area] .

Beyond the Family 's jolly facade , ER endured a lifelong sense of exclusion that represented for her an ongoing humiliation regarding FDR 's domain .
beyond the family 's jolly facade , er endured a lifelong sense of exclusion that represented for her an ongoing humiliation regarding fdr 's [area] .

A company about to launch its Web site may find to its dismay that its name is taken -- part of the speculative frenzy in domain names .
a company about to launch its web site may find to its dismay that its name is taken -- part of the speculative frenzy in [area] names .

Participants were invited to submit examples of a claimed domain name along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants were invited to submit examples of a claimed [area] name along with an amusing and available alternative .

The domain name WebInvest.com is already registered by Kenneth L. Riffle , but OneBornEveryMinute.com is still available .
the [area] name webinvest.com is already registered by kenneth l. riffle , but oneborneveryminute.com is still available .

Participants are invited to submit a similar pair -- a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants are invited to submit a similar pair -- a [area] name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .

Exley is a cybersquatter who demanded $ 20K from the Bush campaign for the rights to the domain name .
exley is a cybersquatter who demanded $ 20k from the bush campaign for the rights to the [area] name .

As I 'm sure y'all know , the Bush campaign purposely combatted the possibility of competing with mock spoof sites like gwbush.com by BUYING domain names ( over 60 sites , from what I got from the Newsweek article ) .
as i 'm sure y'all know , the bush campaign purposely combatted the possibility of competing with mock spoof sites like gwbush.com by buying [area] names ( over 60 sites , from what i got from the newsweek article ) .

Participants are invited to submit a similar set ( a pair will do ) -- a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants are invited to submit a similar set ( a pair will do ) -- a [area] name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .

Many a company about to launch its Web site discovers to its dismay that its name is already taken , part of the speculative frenzy in domain names .
many a company about to launch its web site discovers to its dismay that its name is already taken , part of the speculative frenzy in [area] names .

Participants are invited to submit a pair , similar to the examples above , of a domain name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .
participants are invited to submit a pair , similar to the examples above , of a [area] name that is already taken along with an amusing and available alternative .

It will still be in the domain of advertising -- full of `` new and improved ! ''
it will still be in the [area] of advertising -- full of `` new and improved ! ''

Local developer Eugene Pfeifer III , a vocal opponent of the library , owns a piece of property in the presidential park and promises to fight the city 's attempt to take his property by eminent domain .
local developer eugene pfeifer iii , a vocal opponent of the library , owns a piece of property in the presidential park and promises to fight the city 's attempt to take his property by eminent [area] .

Already , a nonprofit organization called Project Gutenberg has digitized over 1,000 public domain works ranging from Paradise Lost to Tom Swift & His Aerial Warship .
already , a nonprofit organization called project gutenberg has digitized over 1,000 public [area] works ranging from paradise lost to tom swift & his aerial warship .

This strangely satisfying form of literary eavesdropping , achieved by a simple re-sorting of customers ' e-mail domain names , shipping addresses , and purchases , is not limited to the continental United States .
this strangely satisfying form of literary eavesdropping , achieved by a simple re-sorting of customers ' e-mail [area] names , shipping addresses , and purchases , is not limited to the continental united states .

Venter claims he can map the genome faster and more cheaply than the feds , but critics worry that he could raise the cost of medical research by patenting DNA sequences that would otherwise be in the public domain .
venter claims he can map the genome faster and more cheaply than the feds , but critics worry that he could raise the cost of medical research by patenting dna sequences that would otherwise be in the public [area] .

The media tycoon has built his global empire on schlock and sleaze , used heavy-handed tactics and legal chicanery to evade laws and taxes , toppled British and Australian governments to expand his domain , all but bribed Newt Gingrich and Margaret Thatcher with sweetheart book deals , made mockery of the grand traditions of Australian/British/American journalism .
the media tycoon has built his global empire on schlock and sleaze , used heavy-handed tactics and legal chicanery to evade laws and taxes , toppled british and australian governments to expand his [area] , all but bribed newt gingrich and margaret thatcher with sweetheart book deals , made mockery of the grand traditions of australian/british/american journalism .

Beginning next week , though , we will have our very own e-mail domain , `` slate.com . ''
beginning next week , though , we will have our very own e-mail [area] , `` slate.com . ''

Fifty years after authors die , their works enter the `` public domain '' and are no longer protected by law .
fifty years after authors die , their works enter the `` public [area] '' and are no longer protected by law .

This theorem says that for any continuous rearrangement of a domain of things , there will necessarily exist at least one thing in that domain that will remain unchanged -- the `` fixed point . ''
this theorem says that for any continuous rearrangement of a [area] of things , there will necessarily exist at least one thing in that [area] that will remain unchanged -- the `` fixed point . ''

Nash found a way of applying this to the domain of all game strategies so that the guaranteed fixed point was the equilibrium for the game -- clever , but the earlier topological theorem did all the work .
nash found a way of applying this to the [area] of all game strategies so that the guaranteed fixed point was the equilibrium for the game -- clever , but the earlier topological theorem did all the work .

Extra daring nakedness has gone back to being the domain of professionals , the models who pose for nude photos or who wear runway couture that bares the breasts , buttocks , and navel under transparent spangled veiling meant for ballrooms , not the beach .
extra daring nakedness has gone back to being the [area] of professionals , the models who pose for nude photos or who wear runway couture that bares the breasts , buttocks , and navel under transparent spangled veiling meant for ballrooms , not the beach .

Khatami 's statements reflect a recognition that foreign policy remains the domain of Khamenei .
khatami 's statements reflect a recognition that foreign policy remains the [area] of khamenei .

Spaceweb surfers would have to use domain names such as -- no joke -- www.slate.com.earth.sol .
spaceweb surfers would have to use [area] names such as -- no joke -- www.slate.com.earth.sol .

On the contrary : The facts that she juggles have sat in the public domain for years , and the story has been worn to threads by frequent telling .
on the contrary : the facts that she juggles have sat in the public [area] for years , and the story has been worn to threads by frequent telling .

Vladimir Mayakovsky was out to reinvent poetry , Vsevelod Meyerhold theater , Vladimir Tatlin the monument , Dziga Vertov cinema , Viktor Shklovsky and Sergei Tretiakov prose literature , while Rodchenko 's domain comprised advertising , illustration , graphic design , stage design , photography , and a few other things besides .
vladimir mayakovsky was out to reinvent poetry , vsevelod meyerhold theater , vladimir tatlin the monument , dziga vertov cinema , viktor shklovsky and sergei tretiakov prose literature , while rodchenko 's [area] comprised advertising , illustration , graphic design , stage design , photography , and a few other things besides .

To the extent that it really means keep the government out , it sounds like an attempt by the earlier settlers of the new domain to monopolize its structure at the expense of later comers who wish to play by a different set of rules in some portion of that space .
to the extent that it really means keep the government out , it sounds like an attempt by the earlier settlers of the new [area] to monopolize its structure at the expense of later comers who wish to play by a different set of rules in some portion of that space .

He has not been asked ( as such editors are ) to toss as many explosive subjects as possible into the public domain , as long as they meet some minimum standard .
he has not been asked ( as such editors are ) to toss as many explosive subjects as possible into the public [area] , as long as they meet some minimum standard .

That , the domain of American industry and entrepreneurship , is where the interesting ideas -- the innovation , the subversion , the re-imagining of the boundaries of society -- are coming from .
that , the [area] of american industry and entrepreneurship , is where the interesting ideas -- the innovation , the subversion , the re-imagining of the boundaries of society -- are coming from .

Dick Morris , who paid $ 250,000 for the Vote.com domain name , believes his site will help citizens express their views to elected officials .
dick morris , who paid $ 250,000 for the vote.com [area] name , believes his site will help citizens express their views to elected officials .

Here is the bottom line : When marital issues are negotiable , we are in the domain of the Coase theorem , where no-fault and mutual consent do equally well and where covenant marriage is always a mistake .
here is the bottom line : when marital issues are negotiable , we are in the [area] of the coase theorem , where no-fault and mutual consent do equally well and where covenant marriage is always a mistake .

In April , it was reported that he had registered Internet domain names for only four potential GOP tickets : Bush-Whitman , Bush-Pataki , Bush-Engler , and Bush-Ridge .
in april , it was reported that he had registered internet [area] names for only four potential gop tickets : bush-whitman , bush-pataki , bush-engler , and bush-ridge .

A famously shady and litigious film distributor once tried to gain control of , among other things , D.W. Griffith 's Birth of a Nation ( long since public domain ) by buying up the rights to the Thomas Dixon novels it was loosely based on ; he was pretty much laughed away by his rivals .
a famously shady and litigious film distributor once tried to gain control of , among other things , d.w. griffith 's birth of a nation ( long since public [area] ) by buying up the rights to the thomas dixon novels it was loosely based on ; he was pretty much laughed away by his rivals .

With the Rocket software , I downloaded Daisy Miller , Our Mutual Friend , and some other fiction in the public domain from the Project Gutenberg Web site before a transcontinental flight .
with the rocket software , i downloaded daisy miller , our mutual friend , and some other fiction in the public [area] from the project gutenberg web site before a transcontinental flight .

In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or purchase , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .
in the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government [area] , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or purchase , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .

In semantic terms , the words in the above title belong to a specific domain in the English vocabulary with which every member of the human race achieves intimate familiarity .
in semantic terms , the words in the above title belong to a specific [area] in the english vocabulary with which every member of the human race achieves intimate familiarity .

The domain is a prolific nursery of such linguistic fig-leaves , and as a result ( contrary thing that human nature is ) has also fostered many ribald versions .
the [area] is a prolific nursery of such linguistic fig-leaves , and as a result ( contrary thing that human nature is ) has also fostered many ribald versions .

It is this group that ensures steady growth in this most malleable domain of the English vocabulary , for the resources of the human imagination are limitless .
it is this group that ensures steady growth in this most malleable [area] of the english vocabulary , for the resources of the human imagination are limitless .

World called its dictionary Webster 's New World ; Merriam sued and lost , confirming that the appellation Webster had fallen into the public domain .
world called its dictionary webster 's new world ; merriam sued and lost , confirming that the appellation webster had fallen into the public [area] .

We are , of course , in the magical domain of Franglais , where it is virtually impossible to tell whether the given definitions accurately represent the way English words and phrases are employed by the French or merely reflect one person 's valiant but ill-founded guesswork : in other words , whether such massive incomprehension is individual or collective .
we are , of course , in the magical [area] of franglais , where it is virtually impossible to tell whether the given definitions accurately represent the way english words and phrases are employed by the french or merely reflect one person 's valiant but ill-founded guesswork : in other words , whether such massive incomprehension is individual or collective .

Readers might disagree , but I felt that regardless is more , so to speak , in the public domain than an expression like tête-à-tête , which one might classify as an “ intellectualism ” and , certainly , a more pretentious term than get-together or meeting .
readers might disagree , but i felt that regardless is more , so to speak , in the public [area] than an expression like tête-à-tête , which one might classify as an “ intellectualism ” and , certainly , a more pretentious term than get-together or meeting .

This propelled me into the public domain and made me , of course , a Lawgiver and a Legend .
this propelled me into the public [area] and made me , of course , a lawgiver and a legend .

Its domain is clearly more extensive than the range of argot or slang .
its [area] is clearly more extensive than the range of argot or slang .

