Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated .
even in [areas] where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated .

There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .
there are many [areas] in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .

The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single-crystal domains are smaller than this .
the particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single-crystal [areas] are smaller than this .

Comparison of secondary structural predictions for these three proteins by the method of Chou and Fasman ( 31 , 32 ) or with the method of Robson and Garnier ( 33 , 34 ) revealed a conservation of potential structural features , particularly in helical domains located in the carboxy terminus ( 22 , 30 ) .
comparison of secondary structural predictions for these three proteins by the method of chou and fasman ( 31 , 32 ) or with the method of robson and garnier ( 33 , 34 ) revealed a conservation of potential structural features , particularly in helical [areas] located in the carboxy terminus ( 22 , 30 ) .

Figure 6.1 Three domains of knowledge
figure 6.1 three [areas] of knowledge

For example , whole word recognition techniques are only effective for domains with restricted vocabularies .
for example , whole word recognition techniques are only effective for [areas] with restricted vocabularies .

Periodic evaluations of their physical and mental health , personalities , and intellectual achievements showed that they maintained their superiority in all of these domains , including a relative freedom from insanity and other indications of psychological maladjustment .
periodic evaluations of their physical and mental health , personalities , and intellectual achievements showed that they maintained their superiority in all of these [areas] , including a relative freedom from insanity and other indications of psychological maladjustment .

One concerns the domains of independence which are most cherished by a particular person .
one concerns the [areas] of independence which are most cherished by a particular person .

Scientists themselves have always been able to work in laboratories during the week , and to pray in places of worship at the week-end , by accepting the separation of the domains .
scientists themselves have always been able to work in laboratories during the week , and to pray in places of worship at the week-end , by accepting the separation of the [areas] .

The equation of knowledge with ‘ what is called Western thought , the thought whose destiny is to extend its domains while the boundaries of the West are drawn back ’ involves the very kind of assumption that Derrida is interrogating — and this is the reason for his constant emphasis on its being the knowledge of the West ; in the same way Foucault also emphasizes that he is specifically discussing the ‘ Western episteme ’ .
the equation of knowledge with ‘ what is called western thought , the thought whose destiny is to extend its [areas] while the boundaries of the west are drawn back ’ involves the very kind of assumption that derrida is interrogating — and this is the reason for his constant emphasis on its being the knowledge of the west ; in the same way foucault also emphasizes that he is specifically discussing the ‘ western episteme ’ .

History is a discontinuous set composed of domains of history , each of which is defined by a characteristic frequency and by a differential coding of before and after .
history is a discontinuous set composed of [areas] of history , each of which is defined by a characteristic frequency and by a differential coding of before and after .

It is no more possible to pass between the dates which compose the different domains than it is to do so between natural and irrational numbers .
it is no more possible to pass between the dates which compose the different [areas] than it is to do so between natural and irrational numbers .

These histories , their temporalities defined according to the specific concepts of particular domains , are not , however , independent of the whole : they are dependent on it , but in a structure derived from the ‘ differential relations between the different levels within the whole … the mode and degree of independence of each time and history is therefore necessarily determined by the mode and degree of dependence of each level within the set of articulations of the whole ’ ( 100 ) .
these histories , their temporalities defined according to the specific concepts of particular [areas] , are not , however , independent of the whole : they are dependent on it , but in a structure derived from the ‘ differential relations between the different levels within the whole … the mode and degree of independence of each time and history is therefore necessarily determined by the mode and degree of dependence of each level within the set of articulations of the whole ’ ( 100 ) .

We recognised that this relationship is not a static one and that the nature of these domains themselves change over time .
we recognised that this relationship is not a static one and that the nature of these [areas] themselves change over time .

In this way men continued to act as the mediators between the public and private domains , between the world of politics and the family .
in this way men continued to act as the mediators between the public and private [areas] , between the world of politics and the family .

Beyond the spell-walls of the Tower of Hoeth are the domains of the nobles of Saphery .
beyond the spell-walls of the tower of hoeth are the [areas] of the nobles of saphery .

Sampson applies an evolutionary model due to Simon , originally devised for quite different domains than the present one .
sampson applies an evolutionary model due to simon , originally devised for quite different [areas] than the present one .

He concludes plausibly that the best account will probably incorporate several different suggestions about the origin of words in different ‘ lexical domains ’ .
he concludes plausibly that the best account will probably incorporate several different suggestions about the origin of words in different ‘ lexical [areas] ’ .

These spatial notions are likely to be useful in many different problem domains .
these spatial notions are likely to be useful in many different problem [areas] .

When he first wrote about this , Poulantzas rather disarmingly remarked that there was no theoretical homogeneity between these two notions ; ii but he later took pains to explain that structures and class practices are not ‘ ontologically distinct domains ’ .
when he first wrote about this , poulantzas rather disarmingly remarked that there was no theoretical homogeneity between these two notions ; ii but he later took pains to explain that structures and class practices are not ‘ ontologically distinct [areas] ’ .

Each set deals with the separate domains — for example , ‘ on ’ , ‘ under ’ , subject and object nouns , object pronouns , indirect object nouns and prepositional phrase nouns .
each set deals with the separate [areas] — for example , ‘ on ’ , ‘ under ’ , subject and object nouns , object pronouns , indirect object nouns and prepositional phrase nouns .

The males do like to set up a territory , and minor skirmishes can break out between them if the tank is not large enough to allow two or three separate domains .
the males do like to set up a territory , and minor skirmishes can break out between them if the tank is not large enough to allow two or three separate [areas] .

This finding — that men dominate the public domains of speech — is echoed by many other ethnographic studies in a wide range of cultures , though it is not absolutely without exception .
this finding — that men dominate the public [areas] of speech — is echoed by many other ethnographic studies in a wide range of cultures , though it is not absolutely without exception .

Rather , what we call gender and gender roles are the observable effects created by a complex system involving , for example , sexual divisions of labour , the exclusion of women from public domains , and so on .
rather , what we call gender and gender roles are the observable effects created by a complex system involving , for example , sexual divisions of labour , the exclusion of women from public [areas] , and so on .

The Hindus asserted that the same rhythm must of necessity be mirrored at all stages of creation and in all domains .
the hindus asserted that the same rhythm must of necessity be mirrored at all stages of creation and in all [areas] .

But it finds expression in current ideas and attitudes within the theoretical and practical domains of language study , language teaching and language teacher education .
but it finds expression in current ideas and attitudes within the theoretical and practical [areas] of language study , language teaching and language teacher education .

In both theoretical and practical domains , therefore , the exercise of authority is seen to result in the artificial manipulation of the actuality of experience .
in both theoretical and practical [areas] , therefore , the exercise of authority is seen to result in the artificial manipulation of the actuality of experience .

How should language teachers react to the besetting influence of ideas about language and learning which emerge from the domains of disciplinary enquiry , from research in linguistics , psychology , sociology , philosophy , and education ?
how should language teachers react to the besetting influence of ideas about language and learning which emerge from the [areas] of disciplinary enquiry , from research in linguistics , psychology , sociology , philosophy , and education ?

Different domains of enquiry and action work to different criteria of significance .
different [areas] of enquiry and action work to different criteria of significance .

In other words , it is they who have to act as mediators between theory and practice , between the domains of disciplinary research and pedagogy .
in other words , it is they who have to act as mediators between theory and practice , between the [areas] of disciplinary research and pedagogy .

The functional domains of Myc were analysed by measuring the dimerization of various Myc mutants with SRF-Max72 ( see Fig .
the functional [areas] of myc were analysed by measuring the dimerization of various myc mutants with srf-max72 ( see fig .

Figure 5 a compares the two independent examples of this contact by a superposition based on the first domains of molecule 1 from each pair .
figure 5 a compares the two independent examples of this contact by a superposition based on the first [areas] of molecule 1 from each pair .

To superimpose the first domains of molecule 2 from each pair requires a further 18° rotation .
to superimpose the first [areas] of molecule 2 from each pair requires a further 18° rotation .

( 20 h after treatment with retinoic acid ) in both treated and control embryos post-otic domains of expression regress posteriorly , but in treated embryos the pre-otic domain is very broad and extends from r4 into the midbrain ( Fig .
( 20 h after treatment with retinoic acid ) in both treated and control embryos post-otic [areas] of expression regress posteriorly , but in treated embryos the pre-otic domain is very broad and extends from r4 into the midbrain ( fig .

Pastoral and other cross-curricular involvements can form domains of confusion where such stress-enhancing feelings are rife .
pastoral and other cross-curricular involvements can form [areas] of confusion where such stress-enhancing feelings are rife .

These last two are obviously each related to the nervous system and to the brain but not necessarily to a particular part of the brain and taken together they overlap in such obscure ways that they are best regarded as sub-systems in different domains , one can talk in terms of one or the other but not both simultaneously .
these last two are obviously each related to the nervous system and to the brain but not necessarily to a particular part of the brain and taken together they overlap in such obscure ways that they are best regarded as sub-systems in different [areas] , one can talk in terms of one or the other but not both simultaneously .

Here are two domains in which blacks have risen to prominence , seemingly without having to overcome the conventional restrictions strewn around other occupations .
here are two [areas] in which blacks have risen to prominence , seemingly without having to overcome the conventional restrictions strewn around other occupations .

But for all their interest and benevolence many brilliant sportsmen , black and white , would have been lost , possibly wasted in the barrenness of the mundane world ; but also possibly recruited to occupational domains fertile with status and affluence .
but for all their interest and benevolence many brilliant sportsmen , black and white , would have been lost , possibly wasted in the barrenness of the mundane world ; but also possibly recruited to occupational [areas] fertile with status and affluence .

The boundary separating these two domains is thus a function of a community 's isolation and lack of effective communication with , and control over , its surroundings .
the boundary separating these two [areas] is thus a function of a community 's isolation and lack of effective communication with , and control over , its surroundings .

Villages are sited in clearings in the forest , and these two opposed domains — village and forest — are strongly emphasized in Lele cosmology .
villages are sited in clearings in the forest , and these two opposed [areas] — village and forest — are strongly emphasized in lele cosmology .

Scientists present their ideas to the general public , contributing directly or indirectly to debates in social , legal , and religious domains .
scientists present their ideas to the general public , contributing directly or indirectly to debates in social , legal , and religious [areas] .

The view of human nature as fundamentally aggressive can be expected to prevail in those domains where it corresponds with social and cultural ideology .
the view of human nature as fundamentally aggressive can be expected to prevail in those [areas] where it corresponds with social and cultural ideology .

They are to be looked for in our Western indigenous psychological explanations as much as in the domains of scientific pursuit which , as Riches notes above , are not themselves free from such ontological conceptions .
they are to be looked for in our western indigenous psychological explanations as much as in the [areas] of scientific pursuit which , as riches notes above , are not themselves free from such ontological conceptions .

Yet when he set off on 20 September 1519 , with a royal mandate to search for a passage through to the Mar del Sur , and thus to determine for certain that the Spice Islands were within the Spanish domains , he had not the foggiest notion how far he might have to travel .
yet when he set off on 20 september 1519 , with a royal mandate to search for a passage through to the mar del sur , and thus to determine for certain that the spice islands were within the spanish [areas] , he had not the foggiest notion how far he might have to travel .

If shareholders can not be shown to be morally entitled to the corporate property then they have no antecedent moral right to exercise or allocate the power that flows from it , and accordingly the property rights justification of corporate power must fail , and with it , the project of explaining companies as private shareholder domains .
if shareholders can not be shown to be morally entitled to the corporate property then they have no antecedent moral right to exercise or allocate the power that flows from it , and accordingly the property rights justification of corporate power must fail , and with it , the project of explaining companies as private shareholder [areas] .

Culture , then , is not to be understood , by the concept of objectification formulated by Berger and Luckmann , as the necessary externalization of subjective processes onto intersubjective domains where they become institutionalized .
culture , then , is not to be understood , by the concept of objectification formulated by berger and luckmann , as the necessary externalization of subjective processes onto intersubjective [areas] where they become institutionalized .

The developmental process was found by Piaget to work through a series of stages , beginning with what he called sensory-motor actions , which are very simple , and culminating in adult life with formal operations , such as that sense of a mathematical and logical order in relation to space , time and other domains which may be equated with the mature Kantian series of categories .
the developmental process was found by piaget to work through a series of stages , beginning with what he called sensory-motor actions , which are very simple , and culminating in adult life with formal operations , such as that sense of a mathematical and logical order in relation to space , time and other [areas] which may be equated with the mature kantian series of categories .

One result of this has been the pervasive influence of linguistic methodology upon such studies of objects as have developed in recent decades ; and while the rise of semiotics in the 1960s was advantages in that it provided for the extension of linguistic research into other domains , any of which could be treated as a semiotic system ( e.g .
one result of this has been the pervasive influence of linguistic methodology upon such studies of objects as have developed in recent decades ; and while the rise of semiotics in the 1960s was advantages in that it provided for the extension of linguistic research into other [areas] , any of which could be treated as a semiotic system ( e.g .

Structuralism may be employed to excavate the principles of classification and order which unite what on the surface appear as highly disparate domains , so that for a particular society food preparation , kinship and myth may be revealed as transformations of each other .
structuralism may be employed to excavate the principles of classification and order which unite what on the surface appear as highly disparate [areas] , so that for a particular society food preparation , kinship and myth may be revealed as transformations of each other .

Habitus is learnt through interactive practices , as the acts of living within a world which is composed of this same order are continually reinforced in different domains .
habitus is learnt through interactive practices , as the acts of living within a world which is composed of this same order are continually reinforced in different [areas] .

Since these domains are physical , they act to provide the agent with objective probabilities producing subjective ( rather than individual , Bourdieu 1977 : 86–7 ) aspirations which are usually restricted to aims the agent has some prospect or accomplishing ( Bourdieu 1977 : 77 ) .
since these [areas] are physical , they act to provide the agent with objective probabilities producing subjective ( rather than individual , bourdieu 1977 : 86–7 ) aspirations which are usually restricted to aims the agent has some prospect or accomplishing ( bourdieu 1977 : 77 ) .

In order to pursue the implications of the generalized account given there of the artefact as symbol , the following sections examine a set of particular domains .
in order to pursue the implications of the generalized account given there of the artefact as symbol , the following sections examine a set of particular [areas] .

At the next level , objects in different domains may be organized according to a comparable underlying logic .
at the next level , objects in different [areas] may be organized according to a comparable underlying logic .

The object may lend itself equally to the expression of difference , indicating the separate domains to which people or aspects of people belong , and to the expression of unity , connecting otherwise diverse domains .
the object may lend itself equally to the expression of difference , indicating the separate [areas] to which people or aspects of people belong , and to the expression of unity , connecting otherwise diverse [areas] .

As habitus , this distinction between the Kantian and anti-Kantian aesthetic is both derived from material conditions , and in turn provides an insight into a classificatory scheme which may be applied to an infinite number of actual material and consumption domains .
as habitus , this distinction between the kantian and anti-kantian aesthetic is both derived from material conditions , and in turn provides an insight into a classificatory scheme which may be applied to an infinite number of actual material and consumption [areas] .

Bourdieu provides a fascinating array of domains divided according to the criteria of taste .
bourdieu provides a fascinating array of [areas] divided according to the criteria of taste .

An alternative approach , which will be adopted in this chapter , is to concentrate rather on the possibility of identifying divisions which pertain to particular object domains and which may not be consistent with any cohesive representation or society .
an alternative approach , which will be adopted in this chapter , is to concentrate rather on the possibility of identifying divisions which pertain to particular object [areas] and which may not be consistent with any cohesive representation or society .

Following this expressivist logic , if a group is unable to objectify its interests in certain domains it may attempt to create its own cultural forms in some other field , although some groups without any resources are bereft of both power and prospects in virtually all spheres .
following this expressivist logic , if a group is unable to objectify its interests in certain [areas] it may attempt to create its own cultural forms in some other field , although some groups without any resources are bereft of both power and prospects in virtually all spheres .

One of the results of the quantitative increase in material culture , providing new domains of representation all working in particular ways , is to complicate further the problem of what may be termed material ideology .
one of the results of the quantitative increase in material culture , providing new [areas] of representation all working in particular ways , is to complicate further the problem of what may be termed material ideology .

Furthermore , enough insight has been achieved in mapping their respective domains to allow us henceforth to set the problem of demarcation to one side .
furthermore , enough insight has been achieved in mapping their respective [areas] to allow us henceforth to set the problem of demarcation to one side .

If the geometric domains are to be described by their orthogonal excursions in the local space of the objects then a pin forced to the bottom of a hole will have a five boundary touching condition .
if the geometric [areas] are to be described by their orthogonal excursions in the local space of the objects then a pin forced to the bottom of a hole will have a five boundary touching condition .

Once the functionality is established it is seen that geometric domains can be automatically generated or proposed geometric domains validated .
once the functionality is established it is seen that geometric [areas] can be automatically generated or proposed geometric [areas] validated .

The search for a clash between two bodies commences by establishing whether an intersection exists between the two orthogonal spatial domains .
the search for a clash between two bodies commences by establishing whether an intersection exists between the two orthogonal spatial [areas] .

Any disagreements that are found to occur between the two domains are reported as `` violations `` .
any disagreements that are found to occur between the two [areas] are reported as `` violations `` .

The process is thus based on an ability to define and interpret the many possible and desirable relationships that can exist between two orthogonal domains .
the process is thus based on an ability to define and interpret the many possible and desirable relationships that can exist between two orthogonal [areas] .

Whilst the outer domain touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two domains which can be both solids and voids .
whilst the outer domain touching condition is the most commonly experienced when handling two or more objects , special transition cases need to be considered in order to be able to construct an adequate description of an engineering assembly , or the real relationship between two [areas] which can be both solids and voids .

These can thus be sub-classified by the number of touching edges between the domains .
these can thus be sub-classified by the number of touching edges between the [areas] .

This approach can thus be used to define the functional attributes of the geometric domains .
this approach can thus be used to define the functional attributes of the geometric [areas] .

In the previous section a pin in a block was used to illustrate the relationship between the geometric and functional domains .
in the previous section a pin in a block was used to illustrate the relationship between the geometric and functional [areas] .

The domain of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or component domains .
the domain of `` car `` thus contains all other sub or component [areas] .

These can then be described in the functional domain and interpreted into geometric relationships within the overlaid geometric domains .
these can then be described in the functional domain and interpreted into geometric relationships within the overlaid geometric [areas] .

The functionality of the gear-lever is thus seen to exist as a set of attributes of the intersection of the functional domains ( see Figure 2.24 ) , which are mapped and preserved within the geometric domain .
the functionality of the gear-lever is thus seen to exist as a set of attributes of the intersection of the functional [areas] ( see figure 2.24 ) , which are mapped and preserved within the geometric domain .

Through the hierarchical assembly of geometric domains , the relationship of all piece-parts are established and , via the attribute sets , their functionality can now be determined and checked .
through the hierarchical assembly of geometric [areas] , the relationship of all piece-parts are established and , via the attribute sets , their functionality can now be determined and checked .

Once both the cover and the lever have been identified as separate geometric domains , their functional association can be specified ( ie spatial assembly with rotational and positional constraints ) .
once both the cover and the lever have been identified as separate geometric [areas] , their functional association can be specified ( ie spatial assembly with rotational and positional constraints ) .

The spatial association is checked by searching through the hierarchical spaces for an intersection between the geometric domains of the parts .
the spatial association is checked by searching through the hierarchical spaces for an intersection between the geometric [areas] of the parts .

The development of an approach stating that the functionality of an item can be mapped on the geometric domain , leads naturally to the inverse argument that the domains themselves can be seen as logical spaces .
the development of an approach stating that the functionality of an item can be mapped on the geometric domain , leads naturally to the inverse argument that the [areas] themselves can be seen as logical spaces .

The proposed design procedure turns the geometric domains of the individual components into logical spaces by the over-mapping of the functional domains .
the proposed design procedure turns the geometric [areas] of the individual components into logical spaces by the over-mapping of the functional [areas] .

Initial tests on the assembly , however , are all conducted on domains aligned to the reference space coordinate system .
initial tests on the assembly , however , are all conducted on [areas] aligned to the reference space coordinate system .

The black box space may be declared as a `` no entry space `` , with the owner of that domain being the only person to see the internal geometry and handle its functional associations with all other domains .
the black box space may be declared as a `` no entry space `` , with the owner of that domain being the only person to see the internal geometry and handle its functional associations with all other [areas] .

With the spatial approach , the initial relationships between objects are established by the interpretation of the local orthogonal domains or bricks ( see Chapter 5 ) .
with the spatial approach , the initial relationships between objects are established by the interpretation of the local orthogonal [areas] or bricks ( see chapter 5 ) .

These can be used to establish the effective and correct relationship of objects in the intersecting domains .
these can be used to establish the effective and correct relationship of objects in the intersecting [areas] .

These primary silhouettes can thus be considered as two-dimensional lamina representations drawn on the orthogonal planes of the geometric domains .
these primary silhouettes can thus be considered as two-dimensional lamina representations drawn on the orthogonal planes of the geometric [areas] .

The use of spatial domains with a wireframe model provides a means whereby entities can be selected by their relationships to chosen domains .
the use of spatial [areas] with a wireframe model provides a means whereby entities can be selected by their relationships to chosen [areas] .

Some versions of this modelling procedure use a process akin to the geometric domains to box each primitive .
some versions of this modelling procedure use a process akin to the geometric [areas] to box each primitive .

The function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .
the function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between [areas] that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .

The two domains `` instrument `` and `` bed `` would then be sought within the list of existing domains and retrieved , or added if found not to exist .
the two [areas] `` instrument `` and `` bed `` would then be sought within the list of existing [areas] and retrieved , or added if found not to exist .

These relationships can be further refined down to an entity or primitive level in the intersection between the two geometric domains .
these relationships can be further refined down to an entity or primitive level in the intersection between the two geometric [areas] .

At this stage the designer may have enough information and wish to move the domains apart .
at this stage the designer may have enough information and wish to move the [areas] apart .

This can be seen as a system for design in which the mapping of function on to the geometric domains is raised to the next level in which the requirement to manage and control the process is mapped on to the sub-processes or departments .
this can be seen as a system for design in which the mapping of function on to the geometric [areas] is raised to the next level in which the requirement to manage and control the process is mapped on to the sub-processes or departments .

This process will include retrieving and checking existing data , accessing designs from differing workstations if the domains intersect and consequently relating and checking company standards .
this process will include retrieving and checking existing data , accessing designs from differing workstations if the [areas] intersect and consequently relating and checking company standards .

By searching a data file containing all the piece-part `` boxes `` for geometric domains , the simple relationship between parts can be established ; the boxes can be shown to be remote , adjacent , interfering and inserted .
by searching a data file containing all the piece-part `` boxes `` for geometric [areas] , the simple relationship between parts can be established ; the boxes can be shown to be remote , adjacent , interfering and inserted .

The enclosing box coordinates of each part , specifying their geometric domains , are held as high priority data in both the drawing file and specific sub.assembly files , allowing the geometric relationships of parts to be readily checked .
the enclosing box coordinates of each part , specifying their geometric [areas] , are held as high priority data in both the drawing file and specific sub.assembly files , allowing the geometric relationships of parts to be readily checked .

The relationships , as specified , are the occurrence of certain geometric arrangements within the intersection of the relating spatial domains .
the relationships , as specified , are the occurrence of certain geometric arrangements within the intersection of the relating spatial [areas] .

The intersections in the functional domains thus indicate the type of association that should be maintained , whilst the intersection in the geometric domain indicates the region in which it occurs .
the intersections in the functional [areas] thus indicate the type of association that should be maintained , whilst the intersection in the geometric domain indicates the region in which it occurs .

This group of frames thus constitutes a kinematic set of geometric domains .
this group of frames thus constitutes a kinematic set of geometric [areas] .

The Teleuts , however , had been sovereign in their own domains for a long period before the Russians arrived on the scene .
the teleuts , however , had been sovereign in their own [areas] for a long period before the russians arrived on the scene .

One approach to the study of functional domains in the HsdS polypeptide is to use defined mutations in the hsdS gene and to test their function in combination with hsdM and hsdR genes .
one approach to the study of functional [areas] in the hsds polypeptide is to use defined mutations in the hsds gene and to test their function in combination with hsdm and hsdr genes .

Their extracellular domains are very like those of cadherin but their cytoplasmic domains differ , being specialised for forming desmosomal plaques and , thereby , attachment to the keratin intermediate filament cytoskeleton rather than to actin .
their extracellular [areas] are very like those of cadherin but their cytoplasmic [areas] differ , being specialised for forming desmosomal plaques and , thereby , attachment to the keratin intermediate filament cytoskeleton rather than to actin .

The extracellular portions are characterised by the presence of at least one , and usually multiple , immunoglobulin-like domains .
the extracellular portions are characterised by the presence of at least one , and usually multiple , immunoglobulin-like [areas] .

These are the selectins , which have lectin-like domains at their extra-cellular N-terminal extremities .
these are the selectins , which have lectin-like [areas] at their extra-cellular n-terminal extremities .

They report that `` the present proprietor of Islay can use the rare boast of having a proportion of his family plate manufactured from silver found on his own domains . ``
they report that `` the present proprietor of islay can use the rare boast of having a proportion of his family plate manufactured from silver found on his own [areas] . ``

They report that `` the present proprietor of Islay can use the rare boast of having a proportion of his family plate manufactured from silver found on his own domains . ``
they report that `` the present proprietor of islay can use the rare boast of having a proportion of his family plate manufactured from silver found on his own [areas] . ``

Structurally , tenascin is composed of repeating EGF-like repeats and fibronectin-type III-like domains ( 7 ) .
structurally , tenascin is composed of repeating egf-like repeats and fibronectin-type iii-like [areas] ( 7 ) .

3a , lanes 2 and 5 ) is essentially divided into two domains ( as proposed by Schickor et al .
3a , lanes 2 and 5 ) is essentially divided into two [areas] ( as proposed by schickor et al .

The science that children encounter in school sometimes introduces domains of which children have little or no everyday experience .
the science that children encounter in school sometimes introduces [areas] of which children have little or no everyday experience .

These ‘ developmental sequences ’ are intended to be hierarchical : ‘ each sequence of steps in different domains of development progresses towards and overlaps with National Curriculum Attainment Targets ’ ( Webster and Webster 1990 : 9 ) .
these ‘ developmental sequences ’ are intended to be hierarchical : ‘ each sequence of steps in different [areas] of development progresses towards and overlaps with national curriculum attainment targets ’ ( webster and webster 1990 : 9 ) .

Next , the relevance of space will be discussed in relation to the concepts of locality and region and attention will be paid to the role of ‘ class practices ’ in constituting both of these domains .
next , the relevance of space will be discussed in relation to the concepts of locality and region and attention will be paid to the role of ‘ class practices ’ in constituting both of these [areas] .

Consideration will also be given to the nature of culture and of civil society , of the domains of everyday life which are to be distinguished from ‘ economic ’ and ‘ state ’ spheres , but are crucial to the constituting of state and economy .
consideration will also be given to the nature of culture and of civil society , of the [areas] of everyday life which are to be distinguished from ‘ economic ’ and ‘ state ’ spheres , but are crucial to the constituting of state and economy .

Rather similar lists are proposed by scholars who are concerned with the construction of formal discourse domains ( see discussion in Chapter 3 ) .
rather similar lists are proposed by scholars who are concerned with the construction of formal discourse [areas] ( see discussion in chapter 3 ) .

Nor was the successful Counter-Reformation beyond the Alps much affected by the spirit of Trent even in non-musical matters ; the most firmly Catholic of rulers , the King of Spain and the prince-bishops of the Empire , were very jealous of Papal interference in their domains .
nor was the successful counter-reformation beyond the alps much affected by the spirit of trent even in non-musical matters ; the most firmly catholic of rulers , the king of spain and the prince-bishops of the empire , were very jealous of papal interference in their [areas] .

The panels therefore are a contribution by the guidance staff to a total school philosophy which includes continuous assessment , a school-based certificate in years three and four which covers both the cognitive and affective domains and which is wholly positive in its comments , and mixed-ability teaching in years one and two .
the panels therefore are a contribution by the guidance staff to a total school philosophy which includes continuous assessment , a school-based certificate in years three and four which covers both the cognitive and affective [areas] and which is wholly positive in its comments , and mixed-ability teaching in years one and two .

Recent thinking on metaphor has been greatly influenced by Nietzsche who recognized that the process of dividing up experience into discrete domains was one of ‘ coagulation ’ ( 1979:86 ) , the construction of a discursive system on the ‘ running water ’ ( 85 ) of metaphor .
recent thinking on metaphor has been greatly influenced by nietzsche who recognized that the process of dividing up experience into discrete [areas] was one of ‘ coagulation ’ ( 1979:86 ) , the construction of a discursive system on the ‘ running water ’ ( 85 ) of metaphor .

The motto of the new era is ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ , a phrase which is repeated by members of the ruling races in such varied contexts that it becomes evident that no one really bothers to think about it . It functions as a ‘ master metaphor ’ , the encapsulation of an ideology which structures all domains of thought :
the motto of the new era is ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ , a phrase which is repeated by members of the ruling races in such varied contexts that it becomes evident that no one really bothers to think about it . it functions as a ‘ master metaphor ’ , the encapsulation of an ideology which structures all [areas] of thought :

Metaphor in Out is used in two distinct ways : on the one hand , the medical theory ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ is extended coercively to other domains of thought ; on the other hand , the mind 's capacity for variation and mutation leads the main character to produce creative metaphors which distort , subvert , and ‘ mobilize ’ the language of authority .
metaphor in out is used in two distinct ways : on the one hand , the medical theory ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ is extended coercively to other [areas] of thought ; on the other hand , the mind 's capacity for variation and mutation leads the main character to produce creative metaphors which distort , subvert , and ‘ mobilize ’ the language of authority .

In order to challenge this complex of interlocking polarities , Amalgamemnon goes back to a time when the two domains , though distinct , were not yet differentiated by separate modes of narrative , back to Herodotus , the first prose artist and ‘ the father of fibstory ’ ( 22,113 ) .
in order to challenge this complex of interlocking polarities , amalgamemnon goes back to a time when the two [areas] , though distinct , were not yet differentiated by separate modes of narrative , back to herodotus , the first prose artist and ‘ the father of fibstory ’ ( 22,113 ) .

Amalgamemnon 's conflation of these two domains through the transformation of language prefigures a possible transformation of the discursive systems which maintain distinctions between public and private , fact and fiction .
amalgamemnon 's conflation of these two [areas] through the transformation of language prefigures a possible transformation of the discursive systems which maintain distinctions between public and private , fact and fiction .

The novel represents an attempt to bring these two domains back together through the common discursive mode of narrative .
the novel represents an attempt to bring these two [areas] back together through the common discursive mode of narrative .

Experts were themselves ‘ educated ’ into the political realities lying outside their own specialist domains .
experts were themselves ‘ educated ’ into the political realities lying outside their own specialist [areas] .

These three domains can provide a framework for a consideration of the role of language in education .
these three [areas] can provide a framework for a consideration of the role of language in education .

Once again we can distinguish three main domains :
once again we can distinguish three main [areas] :

To conclude , then , these represent just some of the domains of pedagogical activity to which the knowledge and concepts of linguistics can contribute greater understanding .
to conclude , then , these represent just some of the [areas] of pedagogical activity to which the knowledge and concepts of linguistics can contribute greater understanding .

In any attempt to assess and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .
in any attempt to assess and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted [areas] of the work place and in the public services i.e .

Culture as content seems to point , on the other hand , to different answers for different kinds of educational programme , and even begs the question as to whether it makes sense in some subject domains .
culture as content seems to point , on the other hand , to different answers for different kinds of educational programme , and even begs the question as to whether it makes sense in some subject [areas] .

Any speaker , claiming to offer some definite view on the world , can be questioned in any of these domains , for all truth-directed speech acts have this inner structure .
any speaker , claiming to offer some definite view on the world , can be questioned in any of these [areas] , for all truth-directed speech acts have this inner structure .

Even if none of the domains is invoked against the speaker , it is still there , within the discourse .
even if none of the [areas] is invoked against the speaker , it is still there , within the discourse .

More recently , Habermas has distinguished a domain of critical thinking separate from the two domains of purposive means-end thought and thought founded on human interaction .
more recently , habermas has distinguished a domain of critical thinking separate from the two [areas] of purposive means-end thought and thought founded on human interaction .

Certainly , there remain some domains of research which are disinterested , but the incentive to have an eye to the main chance grows .
certainly , there remain some [areas] of research which are disinterested , but the incentive to have an eye to the main chance grows .

The second , ‘ Language-Strata ’ ( 1953 ) , explored the ‘ loose ’ logical relations between different domains of discourse ( e.g .
the second , ‘ language-strata ’ ( 1953 ) , explored the ‘ loose ’ logical relations between different [areas] of discourse ( e.g .

The general idea that cognitive processing can be impaired was made more specific by showing that particular domains of cognition , such as language , can be selectively impaired with other domains such as memory or attention intact .
the general idea that cognitive processing can be impaired was made more specific by showing that particular [areas] of cognition , such as language , can be selectively impaired with other [areas] such as memory or attention intact .

Gumperz ( 1977 ) , for example , has argued that such variables can be used to invoke domains of interpretation , e.g .
gumperz ( 1977 ) , for example , has argued that such variables can be used to invoke [areas] of interpretation , e.g .

Within information supplier domains you could find the following elements :
within information supplier [areas] you could find the following elements :

It is surprising how often courses and exhortations aimed at teachers ignore the affective and practical domains .
it is surprising how often courses and exhortations aimed at teachers ignore the affective and practical [areas] .

How then did the south-western French domains of the Plantagenets rank in the hierarchy of fiefs which made up the kingdom of France ?
how then did the south-western french [areas] of the plantagenets rank in the hierarchy of fiefs which made up the kingdom of france ?

Although these theories may work for artificial domains that are both small and concrete , extending them for large , real world vocabularies is difficult .
although these theories may work for artificial [areas] that are both small and concrete , extending them for large , real world vocabularies is difficult .

Thirdly , such theories can easily become unwieldy and inefficient when applied to larger domains [ Bookman , 1987 ] .
thirdly , such theories can easily become unwieldy and inefficient when applied to larger [areas] [ bookman , 1987 ] .

3.4 Definitional Overlap and Domains
3.4 definitional overlap and [areas]

It is expected that a fully functional text recognition system will be required to work with a range of material , taken from a range of domains ( e.g .
it is expected that a fully functional text recognition system will be required to work with a range of material , taken from a range of [areas] ( e.g .

Although some degree of ’ tailoring ’ of individual systems may be possible ( or even desirable in some cases ) , the basic techniques on which the system relies must work consistently across a range of domains .
although some degree of ’ tailoring ’ of individual systems may be possible ( or even desirable in some cases ) , the basic techniques on which the system relies must work consistently across a range of [areas] .

The significant results achieved using this text may have been specific to this domain and hence not necessarily repeatable in other domains ( i.e .
the significant results achieved using this text may have been specific to this domain and hence not necessarily repeatable in other [areas] ( i.e .

: Three domains were chosen for investigation : Banking , Estate Agents and Music .
: three [areas] were chosen for investigation : banking , estate agents and music .

Regarding the results themselves , it can be seen that the performance of definitional overlap across a range of domains is consistently positive but highly variable .
regarding the results themselves , it can be seen that the performance of definitional overlap across a range of [areas] is consistently positive but highly variable .

So although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .
so although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric [areas] , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .

More abstract or esoteric domains such as music are reliant upon expert knowledge to provide precise definitions and typical examples of usage , and hence are more subjectively compiled .
more abstract or esoteric [areas] such as music are reliant upon expert knowledge to provide precise definitions and typical examples of usage , and hence are more subjectively compiled .

In this sense , the dictionary and its definitions are less suited to the recognition of domains that are more abstract or esoteric .
in this sense , the dictionary and its definitions are less suited to the recognition of [areas] that are more abstract or esoteric .

It is possible therefore that specialist dictionaries may be necessary to maintain performance in these domains .
it is possible therefore that specialist dictionaries may be necessary to maintain performance in these [areas] .

: There is a great degree of variability in the performance of the overlap technique across different domains .
: there is a great degree of variability in the performance of the overlap technique across different [areas] .

It is suggested that the use of general dictionaries may be insufficient to recognise text taken from more esoteric domains or documents that are intended for a specific audience .
it is suggested that the use of general dictionaries may be insufficient to recognise text taken from more esoteric [areas] or documents that are intended for a specific audience .

Text such as this may require the acquisition of specialist dictionaries to maintain the high performance shown in other domains .
text such as this may require the acquisition of specialist dictionaries to maintain the high performance shown in other [areas] .

It may transpire that tightening ( raising ) the weak overlap threshold produces more concise definitions in some domains , whereas in others valuable information in the original definitions starts to be lost .
it may transpire that tightening ( raising ) the weak overlap threshold produces more concise definitions in some [areas] , whereas in others valuable information in the original definitions starts to be lost .

This is inappropriate , since in most domains , more than one sense of a word is relevant .
this is inappropriate , since in most [areas] , more than one sense of a word is relevant .

documents taken from the domains of banking , estate agents and music , after having been processed by the confusion simulator ) .
documents taken from the [areas] of banking , estate agents and music , after having been processed by the confusion simulator ) .

The average for all three domains is 61 % correct .
the average for all three [areas] is 61 % correct .

: The performance of each of the dictionaries across each of the domains is shown by Table 3.10 :
: the performance of each of the dictionaries across each of the [areas] is shown by table 3.10 :

Performance across domains , is however , highly variable , with no obvious pattern emerging .
performance across [areas] , is however , highly variable , with no obvious pattern emerging .

Whereas before the test data consisted of 3 domains , with a test document of 200 words each , there are now 15 domains , each document being at least 500 words in length .
whereas before the test data consisted of 3 [areas] , with a test document of 200 words each , there are now 15 [areas] , each document being at least 500 words in length .

The efficacy of definitional overlap varies greatly across domains , such that specialist dictionaries may be required for more esoteric or specialist domains .
the efficacy of definitional overlap varies greatly across [areas] , such that specialist dictionaries may be required for more esoteric or specialist [areas] .

It remains to be seen whether this process can be extended to other domains .
it remains to be seen whether this process can be extended to other [areas] .

However , it is not necessarily the case that these characteristics will be exhibited within other domains .
however , it is not necessarily the case that these characteristics will be exhibited within other [areas] .

Although the pilot study demonstrates that a domain-specific dictionary can make a significant contribution to the recognition of a same-domain document , it is not necessarily the case that this effect will be repeated in other domains .
although the pilot study demonstrates that a domain-specific dictionary can make a significant contribution to the recognition of a same-domain document , it is not necessarily the case that this effect will be repeated in other [areas] .

Moreover , it is desirable to quantify the degree of reciprocity between domains — i.e .
moreover , it is desirable to quantify the degree of reciprocity between [areas] — i.e .

Three domains were chosen for investigation : Banking , Estate Agents and Music .
three [areas] were chosen for investigation : banking , estate agents and music .

The size of each domain-specific dictionary is shown in Table 4.3 Test documents were selected for each of the domains , approximating to 17 sentences in each ( the same documents as used in the early investigations in Chapter Three ) .
the size of each domain-specific dictionary is shown in table 4.3 test documents were selected for each of the [areas] , approximating to 17 sentences in each ( the same documents as used in the early investigations in chapter three ) .

The general dictionary proved significant to the 99 % confidence level across all three domains , which justifies the effort required to produce such a comprehensive general collocation dictionary .
the general dictionary proved significant to the 99 % confidence level across all three [areas] , which justifies the effort required to produce such a comprehensive general collocation dictionary .

Although the entry in the general dictionary understandably includes a variety of collocations that are representative of other domains ( e.g .
although the entry in the general dictionary understandably includes a variety of collocations that are representative of other [areas] ( e.g .

The performance of the domain-specific dictionaries varies greatly across domains ( the Banking dictionary varies from z = -0.99 to z = 6.46 ) .
the performance of the domain-specific dictionaries varies greatly across [areas] ( the banking dictionary varies from z = -0.99 to z = 6.46 ) .

This reflects the specificity of musical language and terminology , and its consequent inability to adequately represent the language structures found within other domains .
this reflects the specificity of musical language and terminology , and its consequent inability to adequately represent the language structures found within other [areas] .

Test documents were selected for each of the fifteen domains , approximating 500 words in each .
test documents were selected for each of the fifteen [areas] , approximating 500 words in each .

This ratio of ’ general ’ to ’ specific ’ material will vary between documents and domains , such that a high proportion of ’ general ’ material may render the use of a domain-specific collocation dictionary less appropriate .
this ratio of ’ general ’ to ’ specific ’ material will vary between documents and [areas] , such that a high proportion of ’ general ’ material may render the use of a domain-specific collocation dictionary less appropriate .

Although for some domains the specific dictionary far outperformed the general , the overall margin , on average , was insufficient to justify their continued use .
although for some [areas] the specific dictionary far outperformed the general , the overall margin , on average , was insufficient to justify their continued use .

In fact , for many domains the general dictionary outperformed the specific .
in fact , for many [areas] the general dictionary outperformed the specific .

Across the 15 domains they show a standard deviation of 9.95 % , as compared to 5.95 % for the general dictionary .
across the 15 [areas] they show a standard deviation of 9.95 % , as compared to 5.95 % for the general dictionary .

There is also knowledge of specific content domains , such as the events and objects involved in attending a lecture or visiting a restaurant .
there is also knowledge of specific content [areas] , such as the events and objects involved in attending a lecture or visiting a restaurant .

The Tokugawa confirmed their hold on power by a complex structure of physical , political and economic controls over the several hundred local lords ( daimyo ) whose domains ( han ) made up the rest of the country , the samurai ( warrior ) class who constituted their followers and the populace who resided within their territories .
the tokugawa confirmed their hold on power by a complex structure of physical , political and economic controls over the several hundred local lords ( daimyo ) whose [areas] ( han ) made up the rest of the country , the samurai ( warrior ) class who constituted their followers and the populace who resided within their territories .

Notwithstanding the arbitrary demands of the Tokugawa , domains enjoyed a certain amount of autonomy .
notwithstanding the arbitrary demands of the tokugawa , [areas] enjoyed a certain amount of autonomy .

While the Bakufu administration had for several decades been subject to criticisms from within its own ranks , a more serious threat to its supremacy emerged from within domains traditionally hostile to it .
while the bakufu administration had for several decades been subject to criticisms from within its own ranks , a more serious threat to its supremacy emerged from within [areas] traditionally hostile to it .

During the late 1850s radical samurai from powerful tozama domains , especially Satsuma in southern Kyushu , and Choshú0 at the western tip of Honshu , began to steer domain policy towards open opposition to the Bakufu .
during the late 1850s radical samurai from powerful tozama [areas] , especially satsuma in southern kyushu , and choshú0 at the western tip of honshu , began to steer domain policy towards open opposition to the bakufu .

An alliance of northeastern domains led by Aizu had been forced to capitulate by the end of the year , and much of the country was little affected by the civil war .
an alliance of northeastern [areas] led by aizu had been forced to capitulate by the end of the year , and much of the country was little affected by the civil war .

The new government stripped the Tokugawa family of most of its land and Keiki was forced to resign its headship ; many Bakufu supporters also lost their domains .
the new government stripped the tokugawa family of most of its land and keiki was forced to resign its headship ; many bakufu supporters also lost their [areas] .

National power passed to a new group of court nobles and activists from the four leading domains of Satsuma , Chó0shú , Tosa and Hizen , who moved quickly to consolidate their power .
national power passed to a new group of court nobles and activists from the four leading [areas] of satsuma , chó0shú , tosa and hizen , who moved quickly to consolidate their power .

Various domains had done likewise .
various [areas] had done likewise .

To that extent individual fulfilment lay in coping with the demands of society and the dividing line between the private and public domains was blurred .
to that extent individual fulfilment lay in coping with the demands of society and the dividing line between the private and public [areas] was blurred .

The remainder of the land was subdivided into several hundred domains ( han ) , each ruled by a lord , or daimyo .
the remainder of the land was subdivided into several hundred [areas] ( han ) , each ruled by a lord , or daimyo .

This group , which included what are known as rural or quasi-samurai , was particularly numerous in a few important domains , such as Satsuma and Chóshú .
this group , which included what are known as rural or quasi-samurai , was particularly numerous in a few important [areas] , such as satsuma and chóshú .

The shift in the relative balance of economic and political power in later Tokugawa away from the Bakufu domains in the more urbanized centre of the country to its rivals on the peripheries , especially those in southwestern Honshu , Kyushu and Shikoku , did little to mitigate this urban emphasis among the national leadership .
the shift in the relative balance of economic and political power in later tokugawa away from the bakufu [areas] in the more urbanized centre of the country to its rivals on the peripheries , especially those in southwestern honshu , kyushu and shikoku , did little to mitigate this urban emphasis among the national leadership .

In 1871 the domains were abolished and all areas came under the control of administrators responsible to Tokyo .
in 1871 the [areas] were abolished and all areas came under the control of administrators responsible to tokyo .

It is also true that , during the seventeenth century , the domains of science and theology were differentiated in new and challenging ways .
it is also true that , during the seventeenth century , the [areas] of science and theology were differentiated in new and challenging ways .

In Wilkins one finds an elaborate and adaptable theory of knowledge , which differentiated between fundamental truths , provisional hypotheses , and areas of uncertainty in both scientific and religious domains .
in wilkins one finds an elaborate and adaptable theory of knowledge , which differentiated between fundamental truths , provisional hypotheses , and areas of uncertainty in both scientific and religious [areas] .

But the efforts in this direction of Nicholas 's Minister for State Domains , Kiselev , foundered on the chronic inability of the central government to discipline its local officials .
but the efforts in this direction of nicholas 's minister for state [areas] , kiselev , foundered on the chronic inability of the central government to discipline its local officials .

Criterion statements which are ambiguously worded or imply broad domains may suggest a range of test items of varying difficulties .
criterion statements which are ambiguously worded or imply broad [areas] may suggest a range of test items of varying difficulties .

This led him to take quite seriously all the deities he sanctioned in his domains , to propitiate all of them , to accord all of them a measure of genuine veneration .
this led him to take quite seriously all the deities he sanctioned in his [areas] , to propitiate all of them , to accord all of them a measure of genuine veneration .

For Constantine , especially after he had given Christianity a mandate in his domains , it was advantageous to establish a new divine covenant , a new ratification from the sacred .
for constantine , especially after he had given christianity a mandate in his [areas] , it was advantageous to establish a new divine covenant , a new ratification from the sacred .

For Constantine , in short , the Messiah was precisely what the Messiah had been for Jews in Palestine at the dawn of the Christian era — a ruler , a sovereign , a warrior leader like David and Solomon , who reigned wisely over a temporal realm , established unity in his domains , consolidated a nation and people with divine sanction to support him .
for constantine , in short , the messiah was precisely what the messiah had been for jews in palestine at the dawn of the christian era — a ruler , a sovereign , a warrior leader like david and solomon , who reigned wisely over a temporal realm , established unity in his [areas] , consolidated a nation and people with divine sanction to support him .

It was also quite prepared to acknowledge that the Messiah was not a pacific , ethereal , lamb-like saviour , but a rightful and wrathful king , a political and military leader presiding not over any nebulous kingdom of heaven , but over very real terrestrial domains .
it was also quite prepared to acknowledge that the messiah was not a pacific , ethereal , lamb-like saviour , but a rightful and wrathful king , a political and military leader presiding not over any nebulous kingdom of heaven , but over very real terrestrial [areas] .

In no other circumstances would she have tolerated militant vigilantes operating with impunity so far beyond their own domains .
in no other circumstances would she have tolerated militant vigilantes operating with impunity so far beyond their own [areas] .

Our knowledge about mental health in later life remains patchy and is , in many domains , highly limited .
our knowledge about mental health in later life remains patchy and is , in many [areas] , highly limited .

In his ‘ Chandos ’ novels he created a kind of private Ruritania in sundry duchies and noble estates within the borders of Austria , combining a high idealistic approach to women and active physical courage in a setting of noble families and ancient domains which offer in some ways a post-war version of Anthony Hope 's novels , though his plots concerned private theft and murder rather than matters of state .
in his ‘ chandos ’ novels he created a kind of private ruritania in sundry duchies and noble estates within the borders of austria , combining a high idealistic approach to women and active physical courage in a setting of noble families and ancient [areas] which offer in some ways a post-war version of anthony hope 's novels , though his plots concerned private theft and murder rather than matters of state .

Based on an aspect of attachment theory which emphasizes the relationship between a sense of security and willingness to explore and venture into new domains , this framework allowed us to examine secondees ' experiences during a period of transition .
based on an aspect of attachment theory which emphasizes the relationship between a sense of security and willingness to explore and venture into new [areas] , this framework allowed us to examine secondees ' experiences during a period of transition .

But the religion of the new Empire was Christianity and large numbers of churches were built , great and small , all over its domains , to the glory of God .
but the religion of the new empire was christianity and large numbers of churches were built , great and small , all over its [areas] , to the glory of god .

According to the Prussian ambassador to St Petersburg , he was relatively confident at the beginning of February 1848 that he could prevent the dissatisfaction which was mounting elsewhere in Europe from penetrating his domains .
according to the prussian ambassador to st petersburg , he was relatively confident at the beginning of february 1848 that he could prevent the dissatisfaction which was mounting elsewhere in europe from penetrating his [areas] .

It was not sensible for her to contemplate enlarging her domains .
it was not sensible for her to contemplate enlarging her [areas] .

This need not mean that the private/public distinction vanishes altogether but it applies to different domains .
this need not mean that the private/public distinction vanishes altogether but it applies to different [areas] .

Trying to root one subfamily of glutamate dehydrogenase harbouring representatives of the three domains of life , using the paralogous subfamily as an outgroup , we obtained different roots according to the method of tree construction used .
trying to root one subfamily of glutamate dehydrogenase harbouring representatives of the three [areas] of life , using the paralogous subfamily as an outgroup , we obtained different roots according to the method of tree construction used .

Using this method , variables range over domains rather than over relations .
using this method , variables range over [areas] rather than over relations .

The first factor is important in that it brings some applications within the database world ( for example , computer aided design , computer aided manufacture , architectural design , software design ( Case ) and office automation ) , previously ill-served by relational databases because of the performance of relational database systems and because the relational model itself is unsuitable For those domains .
the first factor is important in that it brings some applications within the database world ( for example , computer aided design , computer aided manufacture , architectural design , software design ( case ) and office automation ) , previously ill-served by relational databases because of the performance of relational database systems and because the relational model itself is unsuitable for those [areas] .

It therefore has major advantages for some application domains : it enables quick access to individual records ; it enables sequential access ; and modifications are made easily .
it therefore has major advantages for some application [areas] : it enables quick access to individual records ; it enables sequential access ; and modifications are made easily .

Such systems are capable of dealing with only very restricted language domains .
such systems are capable of dealing with only very restricted language [areas] .

The majority of systems that have been developed have been for restricted domains and small grammars .
the majority of systems that have been developed have been for restricted [areas] and small grammars .

It is also possible to take advantage of compounds , phrases and idioms which are specific to certain domains and/or contexts .
it is also possible to take advantage of compounds , phrases and idioms which are specific to certain [areas] and/or contexts .

They may be used to develop sophisticated statistical representations of particular domains such as orthography , phonology or semantics and the relationships between them .
they may be used to develop sophisticated statistical representations of particular [areas] such as orthography , phonology or semantics and the relationships between them .

The impact of using microPROLOG on the children 's thinking and problem solving in other domains is also being examined .
the impact of using microprolog on the children 's thinking and problem solving in other [areas] is also being examined .

The domains of imperfection become luminescence centres ; they preferentially trap energy from the cathode beam which induces ‘ jumps ’ in their lattice electron orbitals .
the [areas] of imperfection become luminescence centres ; they preferentially trap energy from the cathode beam which induces ‘ jumps ’ in their lattice electron orbitals .

Second , if the ‘ historicist ’ argument is to hold good , then at least some of the female characters in such texts should be seen in non-traditional roles since this is one period in history when women were called upon to enter previously ‘ male ’ domains .
second , if the ‘ historicist ’ argument is to hold good , then at least some of the female characters in such texts should be seen in non-traditional roles since this is one period in history when women were called upon to enter previously ‘ male ’ [areas] .

In summary , then , a picture emerges of Chas aspiring to goals in both traditional and non-traditional domains and succeeding in both .
in summary , then , a picture emerges of chas aspiring to goals in both traditional and non-traditional [areas] and succeeding in both .

Audrey aspires to goals in both traditional and non-traditional domains but succeeds in the traditional domain only .
audrey aspires to goals in both traditional and non-traditional [areas] but succeeds in the traditional domain only .

But Allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . What is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework Allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :
but allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . what is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ [areas] :

We confidently assume that the results set out here will , in their broad principles , be valid for any language ; however , because of the limitless domains that would appear on the horizon if one were to include proper exemplification from other languages , and since there is ample material to consider in English alone , the latter is the basis on which the investigation will proceed .
we confidently assume that the results set out here will , in their broad principles , be valid for any language ; however , because of the limitless [areas] that would appear on the horizon if one were to include proper exemplification from other languages , and since there is ample material to consider in english alone , the latter is the basis on which the investigation will proceed .

However , given the lack of such well-established theories in the human sciences , variable analysis proposed to achieve the homology between the mathematical and its substantive domains by working through the methodological stipulation that social and human properties be described in variable analytic terms and the measurement scales just discussed .
however , given the lack of such well-established theories in the human sciences , variable analysis proposed to achieve the homology between the mathematical and its substantive [areas] by working through the methodological stipulation that social and human properties be described in variable analytic terms and the measurement scales just discussed .

In the parts of the Caribbean under consideration , at the same time as Standard English is used in the official and public domains , a local creole language is the language of everyday interaction for the majority of the population .
in the parts of the caribbean under consideration , at the same time as standard english is used in the official and public [areas] , a local creole language is the language of everyday interaction for the majority of the population .

They are associated with distinct domains of use .
they are associated with distinct [areas] of use .

Diglossia refers to the community norms for language allocation across domains .
diglossia refers to the community norms for language allocation across [areas] .

Researchers tended to focus on the generation differences , in particular with respect to the possible decline in use of the mother tongue among second-generation speakers in some domains , and differential use of mother-tongue and English in others .
researchers tended to focus on the generation differences , in particular with respect to the possible decline in use of the mother tongue among second-generation speakers in some [areas] , and differential use of mother-tongue and english in others .

There are indications of a shift towards the use of English , which is least marked in domains outside [ sic ] the home and in the case of interactions between parents and grandparents but particularly noticeable in conversations with siblings .
there are indications of a shift towards the use of english , which is least marked in [areas] outside [ sic ] the home and in the case of interactions between parents and grandparents but particularly noticeable in conversations with siblings .

Furthermore , there would be `` domains `` where Creole and English could properly be used by those who speak them : Creole in the family and in informal situations , English within the public domain outside the family and even within the family on formal occasions .
furthermore , there would be `` [areas] `` where creole and english could properly be used by those who speak them : creole in the family and in informal situations , english within the public domain outside the family and even within the family on formal occasions .

Answers tend to be vague and general , and sometimes phrased in terms of domains or interlocutors , as in the following description : Well they do n't really use it , like , well , now and then , like if we 're all in the family , if like my mum 's going to say somefing , right , she wo n't say `` Wayne would you go do de dishes please `` , she 'll say [ z ] somep ' n like dat — she would say it in a West Indian talk but normally if like if there 's a visitor or something it would be plain English … It 's like slang like , if two people do n't know each other they talk like formally but if two people know each uvver they use slang , you know to get across because they know each other personally .
answers tend to be vague and general , and sometimes phrased in terms of [areas] or interlocutors , as in the following description : well they do n't really use it , like , well , now and then , like if we 're all in the family , if like my mum 's going to say somefing , right , she wo n't say `` wayne would you go do de dishes please `` , she 'll say [ z ] somep ' n like dat — she would say it in a west indian talk but normally if like if there 's a visitor or something it would be plain english … it 's like slang like , if two people do n't know each other they talk like formally but if two people know each uvver they use slang , you know to get across because they know each other personally .

The diglossic approach to bilingualism would have us look for particular domains where Creole might be selected in preference to British English for interactions among second- generation speakers .
the diglossic approach to bilingualism would have us look for particular [areas] where creole might be selected in preference to british english for interactions among second- generation speakers .

What this shows is that there is no simple relationship between domains , situations , generations or language preferences which will enable us to explain the linguistic behaviour of young British-born Caribbeans in London .
what this shows is that there is no simple relationship between [areas] , situations , generations or language preferences which will enable us to explain the linguistic behaviour of young british-born caribbeans in london .

‘ … while the uniformity and lack of explicit organization of production systems are touted as their most desirable features , attendant difficulties of dynamically organising and controlling coherent problem solutions must be seriously considered in problem domains requiring careful allocation of computational resources . ’ ( p 471 )
‘ … while the uniformity and lack of explicit organization of production systems are touted as their most desirable features , attendant difficulties of dynamically organising and controlling coherent problem solutions must be seriously considered in problem [areas] requiring careful allocation of computational resources . ’ ( p 471 )

The miners became geologists within their domains , noting alterations in the vein and the country-rock and studying forerunners of richness or poverty .
the miners became geologists within their [areas] , noting alterations in the vein and the country-rock and studying forerunners of richness or poverty .

the proud domains , behind the chicken wire
the proud [areas] , behind the chicken wire

When we published our reports on country houses at risk ( Tomorrow 's Ruins , Silent Mansions and Endangered Domains ) we found that within two years up to two-thirds of the houses had found new owners or new uses .
when we published our reports on country houses at risk ( tomorrow 's ruins , silent mansions and endangered [areas] ) we found that within two years up to two-thirds of the houses had found new owners or new uses .

Faris ( 1968 ) , exploring the way such symbols come to represent complex conceptual domains , coined the phrase ‘ symbols of high meaning capacity ’ , which exactly fits the structural significance hair has for police ideology .
faris ( 1968 ) , exploring the way such symbols come to represent complex conceptual [areas] , coined the phrase ‘ symbols of high meaning capacity ’ , which exactly fits the structural significance hair has for police ideology .

Two climatological dendrologists or career torturers , pre-eminent in their respective domains but divided on some technical points .
two climatological dendrologists or career torturers , pre-eminent in their respective [areas] but divided on some technical points .

Indeed , the extent to which the Situationist influence has flourished in the spheres of art and popular culture is noteworthy and contrasts with the absence of the movement 's influence in other domains .
indeed , the extent to which the situationist influence has flourished in the spheres of art and popular culture is noteworthy and contrasts with the absence of the movement 's influence in other [areas] .

These low domains , apparently expelled as ‘ Other ' ’ , return as the object of nostalgia , longing and fascination ' ( Politics and Poetics , 191 , my emphasis ) .
these low [areas] , apparently expelled as ‘ other ' ’ , return as the object of nostalgia , longing and fascination ' ( politics and poetics , 191 , my emphasis ) .

This last force emerged parallel to the revolt of the Young Turks in the heart of the Ottoman domains , the Persian Constitutional revolution of 1906 and the beginnings of national feeling among some of the Arabs .
this last force emerged parallel to the revolt of the young turks in the heart of the ottoman [areas] , the persian constitutional revolution of 1906 and the beginnings of national feeling among some of the arabs .

Particularly since the discipline of administering State power in peculiarly obdurate circumstances inclined all in the reverse direction , and obliged them to limit their preoccupations to ensuring the survival of the State and its domains .
particularly since the discipline of administering state power in peculiarly obdurate circumstances inclined all in the reverse direction , and obliged them to limit their preoccupations to ensuring the survival of the state and its [areas] .

The criteria for evaluation of ‘ success ’ in the two domains are also very different .
the criteria for evaluation of ‘ success ’ in the two [areas] are also very different .

Power through wealth and confidence leads into the upper echelons of companies and into networks and lobby groups which have an ability to extend influence into other domains in our society through elite networks .
power through wealth and confidence leads into the upper echelons of companies and into networks and lobby groups which have an ability to extend influence into other [areas] in our society through elite networks .

In Sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .
in sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject [areas] in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .

heuristics from other domains ;
heuristics from other [areas] ;

Here was the Cabinet Office 's former chief scientist , now a vice-chancellor engaged in pulling Salford out of UGC-imposed penury , who chatted entertainingly about issues in the two domains .
here was the cabinet office 's former chief scientist , now a vice-chancellor engaged in pulling salford out of ugc-imposed penury , who chatted entertainingly about issues in the two [areas] .

These may be very useful in certain domains , but they have little to do with that actual flowing movement of life which concerns us deeply and intimately .
these may be very useful in certain [areas] , but they have little to do with that actual flowing movement of life which concerns us deeply and intimately .

The principles described above still apply in that skills are especially suited to analysis , and can be assessed more easily than the other domains by objective tests .
the principles described above still apply in that skills are especially suited to analysis , and can be assessed more easily than the other [areas] by objective tests .

10.1 ) and to stress the links that might be made between those working on natural hazards and those working in the socio-economic domains .
10.1 ) and to stress the links that might be made between those working on natural hazards and those working in the socio-economic [areas] .

Let the system be partitioned into two or more domains , say , by a membrane .
let the system be partitioned into two or more [areas] , say , by a membrane .

In category theory it seems necessary to specify ahead of time all the possible domains and ranges and mappings under consideration .
in category theory it seems necessary to specify ahead of time all the possible [areas] and ranges and mappings under consideration .

Tokyo Originally known as Edo ( meaning “ estuary ” ) , Tokyo was just a sleepy little village surrounded by marshland on the broad Kanto plain until the end of the 16th century , when Tokugawa Ieyasu moved here and made it the center of his vast domains .
tokyo originally known as edo ( meaning “ estuary ” ) , tokyo was just a sleepy little village surrounded by marshland on the broad kanto plain until the end of the 16th century , when tokugawa ieyasu moved here and made it the center of his vast [areas] .

The chiefs governed their feudal domains by force , ritual , and taboo .
the chiefs governed their feudal [areas] by force , ritual , and taboo .

This exciting museum embraces France ’ s tremendous creativity from 1848 to 1914 in the domains of painting , sculpture , architecture and industrial design , advertising , newspapers , book publishing , photography , and the early years of cinema .
this exciting museum embraces france ’ s tremendous creativity from 1848 to 1914 in the [areas] of painting , sculpture , architecture and industrial design , advertising , newspapers , book publishing , photography , and the early years of cinema .

His men even succeeded in turning back the tide of Islam for a short while , adding eastern Java and Lombok to his domains .
his men even succeeded in turning back the tide of islam for a short while , adding eastern java and lombok to his [areas] .

Therefore , discussion of some of the applications described here is based on relatively extensive field experience ( with questions in such domains as justice , education , welfare , environment , housing , and foreign aid ) , while the discussion of some of the other applications is based on more constrained experience .
therefore , discussion of some of the applications described here is based on relatively extensive field experience ( with questions in such [areas] as justice , education , welfare , environment , housing , and foreign aid ) , while the discussion of some of the other applications is based on more constrained experience .

Thus was born an ‘ assembly line ’ model in which the program for the PKS is hardwired into the DNA and expressed in a linear array of active sites ( domains ) along the giant protein .
thus was born an ‘ assembly line ’ model in which the program for the pks is hardwired into the dna and expressed in a linear array of active sites ( [areas] ) along the giant protein .

The carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .
the carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of [areas] for the three steps in the reductive cycle .

The model arose from the gene sequence , but was rapidly tested by mutating individual domains or adding or deleting whole modules and by observing predicted changes in the polyketide product .
the model arose from the gene sequence , but was rapidly tested by mutating individual [areas] or adding or deleting whole modules and by observing predicted changes in the polyketide product .

The cytoplasmic domains of both APP and ADAM-17 have been evaluated as candidates for important targets of protein phosphorylation during the regulated shedding process , but neither “ substrate activation ” nor “ enzyme activation ” appears to explain the phenomenon , i.e. , phosphorylation of neither APP nor ADAM-17 dramatically increases the efficiency of α-secretion [ 61,62 ] , indicating that activation is more indirect .
the cytoplasmic [areas] of both app and adam-17 have been evaluated as candidates for important targets of protein phosphorylation during the regulated shedding process , but neither “ substrate activation ” nor “ enzyme activation ” appears to explain the phenomenon , i.e. , phosphorylation of neither app nor adam-17 dramatically increases the efficiency of α-secretion [ 61,62 ] , indicating that activation is more indirect .

ETR1 and ERS1 contain a consensus HK domain , however , the HK domains of ETR2 , ERS2 , and EIN4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .
etr1 and ers1 contain a consensus hk domain , however , the hk [areas] of etr2 , ers2 , and ein4 are degenerate and lack elements necessary for catalytic activity .

Protein motifs , domains , and signaling elements have , for millions of years , not only retained their ancestral biochemical features but have also continued to participate in similar physiological responses .
protein motifs , [areas] , and signaling elements have , for millions of years , not only retained their ancestral biochemical features but have also continued to participate in similar physiological responses .

Similar mutations in the homologous residues of the kinase domains of PDGFRA ( T674I ) and KIT ( T670I ) account for imatinib resistance in some patients with hypereosinophilic syndrome and gastrointestinal stromal cell tumors , respectively [ 4,12 ] .
similar mutations in the homologous residues of the kinase [areas] of pdgfra ( t674i ) and kit ( t670i ) account for imatinib resistance in some patients with hypereosinophilic syndrome and gastrointestinal stromal cell tumors , respectively [ 4,12 ] .

Tests of cognitive abilities given immediately after training showed large improvements on the particular cognitive skill on which the individual had been trained , but no transfer to the other two cognitive domains .
tests of cognitive abilities given immediately after training showed large improvements on the particular cognitive skill on which the individual had been trained , but no transfer to the other two cognitive [areas] .

By defining a new family of putative metalloproteases that includes a proteasomal subunit , a CSN subunit , and additional proteins from all domains of life , the MPN + /JAMM motif garnered great attention .
by defining a new family of putative metalloproteases that includes a proteasomal subunit , a csn subunit , and additional proteins from all [areas] of life , the mpn + /jamm motif garnered great attention .

Members of this family were predicted to be hydrolytic enzymes , some of which are specific for removal of ubiquitin or ubiquitin-like domains from their targets ( Maytal-Kivity et al .
members of this family were predicted to be hydrolytic enzymes , some of which are specific for removal of ubiquitin or ubiquitin-like [areas] from their targets ( maytal-kivity et al .

That it is evident that the proteasome contains a member of a novel metalloprotease family , a fundamental question can be raised : why does a proteolytic enzyme like the proteasome need auxiliary proteases for hydrolysis of ubiquitin domains ?
that it is evident that the proteasome contains a member of a novel metalloprotease family , a fundamental question can be raised : why does a proteolytic enzyme like the proteasome need auxiliary proteases for hydrolysis of ubiquitin [areas] ?

At first glance , the delegation of tasks between the proteolytic subunits of the proteasome ( situated in the proteolytic core particle ) and the auxiliary deubiquitinating enzymes ( situated in the regulatory particle ) is clear-cut : the latter cleave between ubiquitin domains , while the core proteolytic subunits process the target protein itself ( Figure 1 ) .
at first glance , the delegation of tasks between the proteolytic subunits of the proteasome ( situated in the proteolytic core particle ) and the auxiliary deubiquitinating enzymes ( situated in the regulatory particle ) is clear-cut : the latter cleave between ubiquitin [areas] , while the core proteolytic subunits process the target protein itself ( figure 1 ) .

Somatic mutations in the tyrosine kinase domains of two ERBB genes , epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) and HER2 , have been found in a proportion of lung adenocarcinomas [ 1,2,3,4 ] .
somatic mutations in the tyrosine kinase [areas] of two erbb genes , epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) and her2 , have been found in a proportion of lung adenocarcinomas [ 1,2,3,4 ] .

Prion Domains While so far only one prion protein is known in mammals , several prion-like proteins capable of forming self-propagating aggregates have been found in various yeast species .
prion [areas] while so far only one prion protein is known in mammals , several prion-like proteins capable of forming self-propagating aggregates have been found in various yeast species .

The prion domains are the major structural determinants that are solely responsible for the polypeptide aggregation and propagation of the aggregates .
the prion [areas] are the major structural determinants that are solely responsible for the polypeptide aggregation and propagation of the aggregates .

The Q/N-rich domains in yeast prions are transferable in that , when fused to a heterologous polypeptide , they confer prion properties to this polypeptide .
the q/n-rich [areas] in yeast prions are transferable in that , when fused to a heterologous polypeptide , they confer prion properties to this polypeptide .

With a low probability , soluble proteins with prion domains can change conformation to form self-propagating aggregates , which can be transmitted to daughter cells ( Lindquist 1997 ) ( Figure 1 ) .
with a low probability , soluble proteins with prion [areas] can change conformation to form self-propagating aggregates , which can be transmitted to daughter cells ( lindquist 1997 ) ( figure 1 ) .

Strict conformation requirements for aggregate formation can also explain interspecies transmission barriers , where prion domains of Sup35 derived from other yeast species can not cause formation of [ PSI + ] prion in Saccharomyces cerevisiae , in spite of a high degree of homology .
strict conformation requirements for aggregate formation can also explain interspecies transmission barriers , where prion [areas] of sup35 derived from other yeast species can not cause formation of [ psi + ] prion in saccharomyces cerevisiae , in spite of a high degree of homology .

This is in spite of relatively limited homology between the prion domains of these proteins .
this is in spite of relatively limited homology between the prion [areas] of these proteins .

Q/N Does Not Necessarily a Prion Make Searching genomes of various species demonstrated that a relatively large fraction of proteins ( between 0.1 % and 2 % ) contain Q/N-rich domains ( Michelitsch and Weissman 2000 ) or polyQ or polyN sequences .
q/n does not necessarily a prion make searching genomes of various species demonstrated that a relatively large fraction of proteins ( between 0.1 % and 2 % ) contain q/n-rich [areas] ( michelitsch and weissman 2000 ) or polyq or polyn sequences .

These domains are often found in transcription factors , protein kinases , and components of vesicular transport .
these [areas] are often found in transcription factors , protein kinases , and components of vesicular transport .

The Q/N-rich domains usually are not evolutionary conserved and their functional role is largely unknown .
the q/n-rich [areas] usually are not evolutionary conserved and their functional role is largely unknown .

Some of the Q/N-rich or polyQ domains facilitate aggregation of polypeptides , especially if expanded owing to mutations .
some of the q/n-rich or polyq [areas] facilitate aggregation of polypeptides , especially if expanded owing to mutations .

Such expansion of the polyQ domains in certain neuronal proteins could cause neurodegenerative disorders , e.g. , Huntington 's disease or several forms of ataxia .
such expansion of the polyq [areas] in certain neuronal proteins could cause neurodegenerative disorders , e.g. , huntington 's disease or several forms of ataxia .

Importantly , aggregates formed by polypeptides with the Q/N-rich or polyQ domains are not necessarily self-propagating aggregates , i.e. , prions .
importantly , aggregates formed by polypeptides with the q/n-rich or polyq [areas] are not necessarily self-propagating aggregates , i.e. , prions .

The first indication that mammalian proteins with Q/N-rich domains can form self-propagating prions came from recent work with a regulator of translation cytoplasmic polyadenylation element-binding protein ( CPEB ) from Aplysia neurons ( Si et al .
the first indication that mammalian proteins with q/n-rich [areas] can form self-propagating prions came from recent work with a regulator of translation cytoplasmic polyadenylation element-binding protein ( cpeb ) from aplysia neurons ( si et al .

The neuronal form of this protein has a Q/N-rich domain similar to the prion domains of yeast prions .
the neuronal form of this protein has a q/n-rich domain similar to the prion [areas] of yeast prions .

These data strongly suggest that metazoan proteins with Q/N-rich domains are potentially capable of forming prions .
these data strongly suggest that metazoan proteins with q/n-rich [areas] are potentially capable of forming prions .

Therefore , if yeast-type prions with Q/N-rich domains exist in animal cells , there should be alternative factors that disaggregate large prion aggregates into smaller species in order to keep the number of seeds relatively constant and thus maintain the prions .
therefore , if yeast-type prions with q/n-rich [areas] exist in animal cells , there should be alternative factors that disaggregate large prion aggregates into smaller species in order to keep the number of seeds relatively constant and thus maintain the prions .

The fact that some proteins with Q/N-rich domains form self-propagating aggregates , while others can aggregate but can not form prions , suggests that there should be some structural elements either within the Q/N-rich sequence or close to it that confer the ability to propagate .
the fact that some proteins with q/n-rich [areas] form self-propagating aggregates , while others can aggregate but can not form prions , suggests that there should be some structural elements either within the q/n-rich sequence or close to it that confer the ability to propagate .

The eyes of bees contain three types of colour receptors , with maximum sensitivity in the ultraviolet , blue , and green domains of the spectrum ( Autrum and von Zwehl 1964 ) .
the eyes of bees contain three types of colour receptors , with maximum sensitivity in the ultraviolet , blue , and green [areas] of the spectrum ( autrum and von zwehl 1964 ) .

However , if pushed , purveyors of this approach will often admit to being kept awake at night by a number of critical concerns even apart from the difficulty of getting the models to work in interestingly rich sensory domains .
however , if pushed , purveyors of this approach will often admit to being kept awake at night by a number of critical concerns even apart from the difficulty of getting the models to work in interestingly rich sensory [areas] .

The biological landscape may be mapped as a rectangular table with different rows for different questions and different columns for different biological domains .
the biological landscape may be mapped as a rectangular table with different rows for different questions and different columns for different biological [areas] .

Biological domains , or levels of organization , include molecules , cells , tissues , organs , individuals , populations , communities , ecosystems or landscapes , and the biosphere .
biological [areas] , or levels of organization , include molecules , cells , tissues , organs , individuals , populations , communities , ecosystems or landscapes , and the biosphere .

Many biological research problems can be classified as the combination of one or more questions directed to one or more domains .
many biological research problems can be classified as the combination of one or more questions directed to one or more [areas] .

The questions and the domains of biology behave differently on different temporal and spatial scales .
the questions and the [areas] of biology behave differently on different temporal and spatial scales .

The landscape of research in mathematics and biology contains all combinations of one or more biological questions , domains , time scales , and spatial scales with one or more data structures , algorithms , theories or models , and means of computation ( typically software and hardware ) .
the landscape of research in mathematics and biology contains all combinations of one or more biological questions , [areas] , time scales , and spatial scales with one or more data structures , algorithms , theories or models , and means of computation ( typically software and hardware ) .

They consist of two distinct , associated subunits ( noncovalent heterodimers ) , where each subunit ( α , β ) consists of a single transmembrane domain , a large extracellular domain of several hundred amino acids ( composed of multiple structural domains ) , and typically , a small cytoplasmic domain of somewhere between 20–70 residues ( Figure 1 ) .
they consist of two distinct , associated subunits ( noncovalent heterodimers ) , where each subunit ( α , β ) consists of a single transmembrane domain , a large extracellular domain of several hundred amino acids ( composed of multiple structural [areas] ) , and typically , a small cytoplasmic domain of somewhere between 20–70 residues ( figure 1 ) .

The extracellular domains bind a wide variety of ligands , whereas the intracellular cytoplasmic domains anchor to cytoskeletal proteins .
the extracellular [areas] bind a wide variety of ligands , whereas the intracellular cytoplasmic [areas] anchor to cytoskeletal proteins .

The activated integrins may then undergo clustering whereby the transmembrane domain of each type of subunit ( the α or β ) interacts with itself—called homotypic oligomerization of the transmembrane domains ( Figure 1 ) ( Li et al .
the activated integrins may then undergo clustering whereby the transmembrane domain of each type of subunit ( the α or β ) interacts with itself—called homotypic oligomerization of the transmembrane [areas] ( figure 1 ) ( li et al .

Backed by extensive structural and biochemical data on the integrin cytoplasmic/extracellular domains , this transmembrane domain study takes the next vital step toward a more complete understanding of the unclasping mechanism for integrin activation .
backed by extensive structural and biochemical data on the integrin cytoplasmic/extracellular [areas] , this transmembrane domain study takes the next vital step toward a more complete understanding of the unclasping mechanism for integrin activation .

Although the energy required for lateral separation of the transmembrane domains in membrane appears to be high , the third step in Figure 1 ( clustering via transmembrane domain oligomerization ) may compensate for it .
although the energy required for lateral separation of the transmembrane [areas] in membrane appears to be high , the third step in figure 1 ( clustering via transmembrane domain oligomerization ) may compensate for it .

However , for the integrins to grip tightly to the extracellular matrix to mediate cell adhesion and migration , the integrin cytoplasmic domains must be anchored to the cytoskeleton ( Giancotti and Ruoslahti 1999 ) .
however , for the integrins to grip tightly to the extracellular matrix to mediate cell adhesion and migration , the integrin cytoplasmic [areas] must be anchored to the cytoskeleton ( giancotti and ruoslahti 1999 ) .

The focal adhesions incorporate a variety of molecules , including the cytoplasmic domains of the clustered integrins , cytoskeletal proteins , and an extensive array of signaling molecules .
the focal adhesions incorporate a variety of molecules , including the cytoplasmic [areas] of the clustered integrins , cytoskeletal proteins , and an extensive array of signaling molecules .

In S. cerevisiae , cohesin at centromeric and pericentric domains is spread over a broad region ( up to 50 kb ) , large quantities of the protein complex are bound , and binding is not affected by the natural transcriptional and coding status of the regions that are occupied .
in s. cerevisiae , cohesin at centromeric and pericentric [areas] is spread over a broad region ( up to 50 kb ) , large quantities of the protein complex are bound , and binding is not affected by the natural transcriptional and coding status of the regions that are occupied .

It is currently unclear why the cell has two mechanisms to dissociate cohesin from chromosomes , although it is interesting to speculate that this could be related to different functions of cohesin at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains .
it is currently unclear why the cell has two mechanisms to dissociate cohesin from chromosomes , although it is interesting to speculate that this could be related to different functions of cohesin at chromosome arms versus pericentric [areas] .

Future studies focusing on the differences between cohesion at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains and the link between cohesion and transcription will likely yield very interesting insights into the function of the cohesin complex in the maintenance of genome integrity .
future studies focusing on the differences between cohesion at chromosome arms versus pericentric [areas] and the link between cohesion and transcription will likely yield very interesting insights into the function of the cohesin complex in the maintenance of genome integrity .

The Midnight Disease : The Drive to Write , Writer 's Block , and the Creative Brain by Alice Weaver Flaherty unites two intrinsically fascinating domains of knowledge—the workings of the brain and the nature of creativity .
the midnight disease : the drive to write , writer 's block , and the creative brain by alice weaver flaherty unites two intrinsically fascinating [areas] of knowledge—the workings of the brain and the nature of creativity .

Our analysis focused on domains of data that were consistently collected in both NAMCS and NHAMCS for the time period 1992–2002 , including patient demographic and geography characteristics , reasons for visit ( up to three ) , diagnoses ( up to three ) , new and continuing medications ( up to five in 1992–1994 and six in 1995–2002 ) , and lifestyle counseling services provided or ordered at the visit .
our analysis focused on [areas] of data that were consistently collected in both namcs and nhamcs for the time period 1992–2002 , including patient demographic and geography characteristics , reasons for visit ( up to three ) , diagnoses ( up to three ) , new and continuing medications ( up to five in 1992–1994 and six in 1995–2002 ) , and lifestyle counseling services provided or ordered at the visit .

Extensive studies have shown that the four-arm junction adopts an X-shape structure ( Figure 1B ) under physiological conditions , and the angle between its two helical domains can vary widely ( Lilley 2000 ) .
extensive studies have shown that the four-arm junction adopts an x-shape structure ( figure 1b ) under physiological conditions , and the angle between its two helical [areas] can vary widely ( lilley 2000 ) .

As computers get faster , they will surpass human capabilities in these limited domains .
as computers get faster , they will surpass human capabilities in these limited [areas] .

These are important and useful legal domains .
these are important and useful legal [areas] .

He spoke of a peace that would `` open new horizons for totally new relations between peoples '' and of `` honorable competition in various domains -- the political , cultural , scientific , and economic . ''
he spoke of a peace that would `` open new horizons for totally new relations between peoples '' and of `` honorable competition in various [areas] -- the political , cultural , scientific , and economic . ''

It provides a strong foundation in all the large knowledge domains of humankind and in analytic thinking skills , a bit more choice to explore the ideas and fields introduced in students ' first two years , and a series of courses taught by full faculty in a small , focused discussion style that has long been Chicago 's hallmark .
it provides a strong foundation in all the large knowledge [areas] of humankind and in analytic thinking skills , a bit more choice to explore the ideas and fields introduced in students ' first two years , and a series of courses taught by full faculty in a small , focused discussion style that has long been chicago 's hallmark .

Especially interesting are the descriptors that are taken over from very different semantic domains , such as words that describe personality and character : aggressive , charming , diffident , honest , feminine , masculine .
especially interesting are the descriptors that are taken over from very different semantic [areas] , such as words that describe personality and character : aggressive , charming , diffident , honest , feminine , masculine .

