Like one that on a lonesome road doth walk in fear and dread , Tasha sang on her Ancient Mariner Mambo album , and having once turned round walks on , and turns no more his head ; because he knows a frightful fiend doth close behind him tread .
like one that on a lonesome road [does] walk in fear and dread , tasha sang on her ancient mariner mambo album , and having once turned round walks on , and turns no more his head ; because he knows a frightful fiend [does] close behind him tread .

God , he said , ‘ doth not bind us to dive into men 's consciences , .
god , he said , ‘ [does] not bind us to dive into men 's consciences , .

When she doth write .
when she [does] write .

Of dressing , that her hair doth lie
of dressing , that her hair [does] lie

Nicholas believed that ‘ No man can so much advance his own good and happiness in anything as endeavouring all that in him lies the good and welfare of others ; and who doth that daily doth perform the greatest good to himself as he can desire or wish for .
nicholas believed that ‘ no man can so much advance his own good and happiness in anything as endeavouring all that in him lies the good and welfare of others ; and who [does] that daily [does] perform the greatest good to himself as he can desire or wish for .

… a kind of dragone which Italy doth breed
… a kind of dragone which italy [does] breed

Men say , and upon the milk of cows doth feed …
men say , and upon the milk of cows [does] feed …

a ghastly bogye , which doth them greatly affear .
a ghastly bogye , which [does] them greatly affear .

Which do betray , doth wear an angel 's face ,
which do betray , [does] wear an angel 's face ,

Doth all the winter-time at still midnight
[does] all the winter-time at still midnight

That doth nightly rob the dayrie
that [does] nightly rob the dayrie

The skull with the lead in it doth weigh thirty pounds and sixe ounces , which with the neck-bone , and some other bones ( in like manner full of lead ) are reserued , and kept in a little chest in the said Church , neare to the place where the corps were found ; there to bee showne to strangers as reliques of admiration .
the skull with the lead in it [does] weigh thirty pounds and sixe ounces , which with the neck-bone , and some other bones ( in like manner full of lead ) are reserued , and kept in a little chest in the said church , neare to the place where the corps were found ; there to bee showne to strangers as reliques of admiration .

Doth prowl , and round and round from door to door
[does] prowl , and round and round from door to door

Wisdom doth hold thee captive . Never more
wisdom [does] hold thee captive . never more

Doth glance from heaven to earth , from earth to heaven ;
[does] glance from heaven to earth , from earth to heaven ;

She wrote in it , ‘ If this Glass Doth Fall
she wrote in it , ‘ if this glass [does] fall

It contained a bible , a penknife with a horn handle , a clay pipe , and the verse which she had written out for him two Christmases ago : ‘ For hearts of truest mettle , Absence doth join and time doth settle .
it contained a bible , a penknife with a horn handle , a clay pipe , and the verse which she had written out for him two christmases ago : ‘ for hearts of truest mettle , absence [does] join and time [does] settle .

… the city of Chichester doth so fast decay and run to ruine , and the multitude inhabiting there so fast growe too beggary that except for remedy thereof some speedy order bee taken it is very likely the multitude of poor in the liberty of that city increasing will cause the better sorte ( being few that can contribute towards the releefe of the poore ) by reason of charges to wex weery of inhabiting the city .
… the city of chichester [does] so fast decay and run to ruine , and the multitude inhabiting there so fast growe too beggary that except for remedy thereof some speedy order bee taken it is very likely the multitude of poor in the liberty of that city increasing will cause the better sorte ( being few that can contribute towards the releefe of the poore ) by reason of charges to wex weery of inhabiting the city .

In Sonnet 5 , for example , when we read ‘ Those hours that with gentle work did frame/The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell ’ we take the second line as meaning ‘ Thy lovely gaze ’ ( similarly with 137 , to the Mistress ) .
in sonnet 5 , for example , when we read ‘ those hours that with gentle work did frame/the lovely gaze where every eye [does] dwell ’ we take the second line as meaning ‘ thy lovely gaze ’ ( similarly with 137 , to the mistress ) .

‘ How smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience !
‘ how smart a lash that speech [does] give my conscience !

As the king abdicates , he divides up his kingdom as a dower for his three daughters , and orders them — ‘ Tell me , my daughters ’ — to declare the quantity of their love : ‘ Which of you shall we say doth love us most ?
as the king abdicates , he divides up his kingdom as a dower for his three daughters , and orders them — ‘ tell me , my daughters ’ — to declare the quantity of their love : ‘ which of you shall we say [does] love us most ?

It doth n't .
it [does] n't .

You may do in the dark what the day doth forbid ;
you may do in the dark what the day [does] forbid ;

‘ Sayeth the protector — and pray God he may be a protector ! — that the king doth lack a playfellow ? ’ The queen-dowager 's voice was scornful in the extreme . ‘ Can none be found to play with the king but only his brother which hath no wish to play because of sickness ? ’
‘ sayeth the protector — and pray god he may be a protector ! — that the king [does] lack a playfellow ? ’ the queen-dowager 's voice was scornful in the extreme . ‘ can none be found to play with the king but only his brother which hath no wish to play because of sickness ? ’

Some woman doth fall out bitterly with her neighbour ; there followeth some great hurt … .
some woman [does] fall out bitterly with her neighbour ; there followeth some great hurt … .

Holly stood beside a poorly dug hole and he looked down at a T-shaped junction of pipes and saw that the screw-fastened aperture that gave access to the pipe join and its subsidiary were swathed in doth and knotted around in plastic sheeting .
holly stood beside a poorly dug hole and he looked down at a t-shaped junction of pipes and saw that the screw-fastened aperture that gave access to the pipe join and its subsidiary were swathed in [does] and knotted around in plastic sheeting .

‘ James eleven , ’ said Sir Robert . Doth a fountain send forth at the same place , Sweet water and bitter ? ’ '
‘ james eleven , ’ said sir robert . [does] a fountain send forth at the same place , sweet water and bitter ? ’ '

The Stone doth see !
the stone [does] see !

In fiery red the sun doth rise
in fiery red the sun [does] rise

’ — Ecclesiastes ; ‘ Doth the eagle mount up at the command / And make her nest on high … ’ — Job ; ‘ Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ?
’ — ecclesiastes ; ‘ [does] the eagle mount up at the command / and make her nest on high … ’ — job ; ‘ are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ?

Whose arm doth bind the restless wave .
whose arm [does] bind the restless wave .

Father Timothy laughed rather condescendingly . " Ah yes , how does it run ? " If then the wretched world be not quite plunged in doom , and fire doth not earth , sea and sky consume - " "
father timothy laughed rather condescendingly . " ah yes , how does it run ? " if then the wretched world be not quite plunged in doom , and fire [does] not earth , sea and sky consume - " "

It often breaks her great big heart when she to me doth say ,
it often breaks her great big heart when she to me [does] say ,

Doth lie the landlord of the Lion ;
[does] lie the landlord of the lion ;

against the queen , her blood , adherents and affinity , which have intended and daily doth intend to murder and utterly destroy us and our cousin , the duke of Buckingham , and the old royal blood of this realm and , as is now openly known , by their subtle and damnable ways forecasted the same , and also the final destruction and disinheritance of you and all other the inheritors and men of honour , as well of the north parts as other countries that belong [ to ] us .
against the queen , her blood , adherents and affinity , which have intended and daily [does] intend to murder and utterly destroy us and our cousin , the duke of buckingham , and the old royal blood of this realm and , as is now openly known , by their subtle and damnable ways forecasted the same , and also the final destruction and disinheritance of you and all other the inheritors and men of honour , as well of the north parts as other countries that belong [ to ] us .

According to John Herbert , who became second Secretary of State in 1600 , it had three principal functions : the business of the Queen , in which it ‘ doth handle principally questions and consultations of state ’ ; disputes between party and party , which might involve either criminal or civil suits or a mixture of the two ; and disputes ‘ wherein the Queen is a party ’ .
according to john herbert , who became second secretary of state in 1600 , it had three principal functions : the business of the queen , in which it ‘ [does] handle principally questions and consultations of state ’ ; disputes between party and party , which might involve either criminal or civil suits or a mixture of the two ; and disputes ‘ wherein the queen is a party ’ .

True it is , that what the Parliament doth , no authority upon earth can undo .
true it is , that what the parliament [does] , no authority upon earth can undo .

According to Blackstone `` What Parliament doth , no power on earth can undo . ``
according to blackstone `` what parliament [does] , no power on earth can undo . ``

Methinks the lady doth protest , as old Bill put it .
methinks the lady [does] protest , as old bill put it .

against the queen , her blood , adherents and affinity , which have intended and daily doth intend to murder and utterly destroy us and our cousin , the duke of Buckingham , and the old royal blood of this realm and , as is now openly known , by their subtle and damnable ways forecasted the same , and also the final destruction and disinheritance of you and all other the inheritors and men of honour , as well of the north parts as other countries that belong [ to ] us .
against the queen , her blood , adherents and affinity , which have intended and daily [does] intend to murder and utterly destroy us and our cousin , the duke of buckingham , and the old royal blood of this realm and , as is now openly known , by their subtle and damnable ways forecasted the same , and also the final destruction and disinheritance of you and all other the inheritors and men of honour , as well of the north parts as other countries that belong [ to ] us .

Either what woman having ten pieces of silver , if she lose one piece , doth not light a candle , and sweep the house , and seek diligently till she find it ?
either what woman having ten pieces of silver , if she lose one piece , [does] not light a candle , and sweep the house , and seek diligently till she find it ?

In the Commons , Sir Thomas Clarges moved that `` a standing Army is destructive to the Country `` , whilst his fellow Tory , Edward Seymour , declared that `` the safety of the Kingdom doth not consist with a standing force `` , adding ( in a way which anticipated Tory arguments used after 1689 ) that `` all the profit and security of this Nation is in our Ships , and had there been the least ship in the Channel `` , Monmouth could never have landed .
in the commons , sir thomas clarges moved that `` a standing army is destructive to the country `` , whilst his fellow tory , edward seymour , declared that `` the safety of the kingdom [does] not consist with a standing force `` , adding ( in a way which anticipated tory arguments used after 1689 ) that `` all the profit and security of this nation is in our ships , and had there been the least ship in the channel `` , monmouth could never have landed .

The poet 's eyes ( according to Shakespeare 's Theseus ) `` in a fine frenzy rolling , doth glance from heaven to earth , from earth to heaven `` .
the poet 's eyes ( according to shakespeare 's theseus ) `` in a fine frenzy rolling , [does] glance from heaven to earth , from earth to heaven `` .

‘ Methinks the lady doth protest too much ’ , ’ he quoted softly , a strange gleam in his vivid blue eyes .
‘ methinks the lady [does] protest too much ’ , ’ he quoted softly , a strange gleam in his vivid blue eyes .

But if to an alehouse they customers be , Then presently with the ale wife we agree ; When we come to a reckoning , then we do crave Twopence on a shilling , and that we will have , By such cunning ways we our treasure do get , For it is all fish that doth come to our net .
but if to an alehouse they customers be , then presently with the ale wife we agree ; when we come to a reckoning , then we do crave twopence on a shilling , and that we will have , by such cunning ways we our treasure do get , for it is all fish that [does] come to our net .

Mary brought out a rough-and-ready picnic on a doth and we sat under old apple trees on which the apples were already beginning to glow with ripeness .
mary brought out a rough-and-ready picnic on a [does] and we sat under old apple trees on which the apples were already beginning to glow with ripeness .

‘ Heaven alone knows — but — the lady doth protest too much , methinks .
‘ heaven alone knows — but — the lady [does] protest too much , methinks .

By that sweet ornament which truth doth give !
by that sweet ornament which truth [does] give !

For that sweet odour which doth in it live .
for that sweet odour which [does] in it live .

And thereupon my diverseness doth rise .
and thereupon my diverseness [does] rise .

And while with me doth dwell this wearied ghost ,
and while with me [does] dwell this wearied ghost ,

Now this agreement witnesseth that in consideration of the said John Weston Foakes paying to the said Julia Beer on the signing of this agreement the sum of £500 , the receipt whereof she doth hereby acknowledge in part satisfaction of the said judgment debt of £2,090 19s .
now this agreement witnesseth that in consideration of the said john weston foakes paying to the said julia beer on the signing of this agreement the sum of £500 , the receipt whereof she [does] hereby acknowledge in part satisfaction of the said judgment debt of £2,090 19s .

Approach , ye sons of Wisdom , and rejoice : let us now rejoice together ; for the reign of death is finished and the son doth rule ; he is invested in the scarlet garment , and the purple is put on .
approach , ye sons of wisdom , and rejoice : let us now rejoice together ; for the reign of death is finished and the son [does] rule ; he is invested in the scarlet garment , and the purple is put on .

The company wished to know how many kibbles every workman `` doth weekly land `` , what charges had been incurred by building at Coniston and what repairs might be needed to uphold the works .
the company wished to know how many kibbles every workman `` [does] weekly land `` , what charges had been incurred by building at coniston and what repairs might be needed to uphold the works .

Theridamas is supposed to be all that Persia stands for , even to the extent that he is ‘ the hope of Persia , and the very legs whereon our state doth lean as on a staff ’ .
theridamas is supposed to be all that persia stands for , even to the extent that he is ‘ the hope of persia , and the very legs whereon our state [does] lean as on a staff ’ .

One eye yet looks on thee , But with my heart the other eye doth see .
one eye yet looks on thee , but with my heart the other eye [does] see .

Doth teach us all to have aspiring minds ,
[does] teach us all to have aspiring minds ,

Nothing of him that doth fade ,
nothing of him that [does] fade ,

But doth suffer a sea-change
but [does] suffer a sea-change

Unlike Descartes , who felt the need to prove their existence , and Malebranche , who was certain he could not , Locke simply had no doubt that material things existed and caused our ideas : ‘ The actual receiving of ideas from without … makes us know , that something doth exist at that time without us , which causes that idea in us .
unlike descartes , who felt the need to prove their existence , and malebranche , who was certain he could not , locke simply had no doubt that material things existed and caused our ideas : ‘ the actual receiving of ideas from without … makes us know , that something [does] exist at that time without us , which causes that idea in us .

‘ The mind , taking no notice of itself , is deluded to think it can and doth conceive bodies … without the mind .
‘ the mind , taking no notice of itself , is deluded to think it can and [does] conceive bodies … without the mind .

Therefore the Love which doth us bind ,
therefore the love which [does] us bind ,

That doth not smack of observation ;
that [does] not smack of observation ;

Doth grossly close it in , we can not hear it : …
[does] grossly close it in , we can not hear it : …

But music for the time doth change his nature , —
but music for the time [does] change his nature , —

Upon her wit doth earthly honour wait ,
upon her wit [does] earthly honour wait ,

2 Shep . How his bald head doth shine ! Like an egg it be round !
2 shep . how his bald head [does] shine ! like an egg it be round !

Bartram then told Miller about his method of collecting specimens of pines ; when they are in flower and the young cone just impregnated , and asked whether European pines set their cones on the same spring 's shoot , ‘ or the second year 's wood , as by your draught , the Scotch Pine doth ? ’ Miller had evidently criticised Bartram 's long descriptions because he replied :
bartram then told miller about his method of collecting specimens of pines ; when they are in flower and the young cone just impregnated , and asked whether european pines set their cones on the same spring 's shoot , ‘ or the second year 's wood , as by your draught , the scotch pine [does] ? ’ miller had evidently criticised bartram 's long descriptions because he replied :

And Mary said , ‘ My soul doth magnify the Lord , and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour .
and mary said , ‘ my soul [does] magnify the lord , and my spirit hath rejoiced in god my saviour .

King : What pale and ghastly apparition here Doth tear the eyeballs from my living sight ?
king : what pale and ghastly apparition here [does] tear the eyeballs from my living sight ?

Why then doth the soul err which God created ?
why then [does] the soul err which god created ?

Doth earn their money by taking of hard pains . ’
[does] earn their money by taking of hard pains . ’

… Doth not the good father in short time , either by his coughing or spitting or testiness … become troublesome either to his own son or to his nice daughter-in-law , with continuing so long chargeable and so much waited-on , or to the children , with taking up their room at the fire or at the table , or to the servants , while his slow eating doth scant their reversions ?
… [does] not the good father in short time , either by his coughing or spitting or testiness … become troublesome either to his own son or to his nice daughter-in-law , with continuing so long chargeable and so much waited-on , or to the children , with taking up their room at the fire or at the table , or to the servants , while his slow eating [does] scant their reversions ?

Treason doth never prosper ;
treason [does] never prosper ;

‘ how doth the little busy bee ,
‘ how [does] the little busy bee ,

To slumber and snore till day doth again peep ,
to slumber and snore till day [does] again peep ,

One description of the typical witch declares as highly suspect ‘ women which be commonly old , lame , blear-eied , pale , fowle and full of wrinkles ; poore , sullen , superstitious , and papists ; or such as knowe no religion : in whose drousie minds the divell doth goten a fine seat ’ .
one description of the typical witch declares as highly suspect ‘ women which be commonly old , lame , blear-eied , pale , fowle and full of wrinkles ; poore , sullen , superstitious , and papists ; or such as knowe no religion : in whose drousie minds the divell [does] goten a fine seat ’ .

As the good doctor wrote , ‘ Lettyse doth extynct veneryous actes ’ .
as the good doctor wrote , ‘ lettyse [does] extynct veneryous actes ’ .

Figs , on the other hand , could be guaranteed to ‘ stere a man to veneryous actes , for they doth urge and increase the sede of generacyon ’ .
figs , on the other hand , could be guaranteed to ‘ stere a man to veneryous actes , for they [does] urge and increase the sede of generacyon ’ .

‘ Skill comes so slow , and life so fast doth fly ,
‘ skill comes so slow , and life so fast [does] fly ,

As inexorable as gravity brings the high jumper back to earth , so doth the winnings of the gambler return unto him who gave them .
as inexorable as gravity brings the high jumper back to earth , so [does] the winnings of the gambler return unto him who gave them .

Costume by Brigitte Doth , Jade Stice , and Penny Laimana .
costume by brigitte [does] , jade stice , and penny laimana .

He which hath no stomach to this fight , Hideth in the tall grass , like a damn girl , Let him depart ; I 'll get him a job at CNN , Where mine appalling comments about the dusky Moor And olive-skinned Levantine ( and working maidens fair , And -- no one 's really glommed onto this yet -- My disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship , Who doth hoard original-cast albums of Broadway musicals , If ya know what I mean ) serves but to raise my fees on Crossfire .
he which hath no stomach to this fight , hideth in the tall grass , like a damn girl , let him depart ; i 'll get him a job at cnn , where mine appalling comments about the dusky moor and olive-skinned levantine ( and working maidens fair , and -- no one 's really glommed onto this yet -- my disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship , who [does] hoard original-cast albums of broadway musicals , if ya know what i mean ) serves but to raise my fees on crossfire .

This day is called the feast of Crispian : He that outlives this day , and doth come over the hill , Will buy a round when the day is named , Rouse him at the name of Crispian .
this day is called the feast of crispian : he that outlives this day , and [does] come over the hill , will buy a round when the day is named , rouse him at the name of crispian .

Put the gun down ) For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother ; be he ne'er so vile ; Lord Ventura ( who doth speak ill of Faith ) Shall hold his manhood cheap That he did not mind his tongue And endorse me .
put the gun down ) for he to-day that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother ; be he ne'er so vile ; lord ventura ( who [does] speak ill of faith ) shall hold his manhood cheap that he did not mind his tongue and endorse me .

Doth not ! )
[does] not ! )

Puppeteering 101 : As an exercise in spin analysis , Culturebox puts this question to you , dear reader : Who looks more like a buffoon in the wake of James Fallows 's leaving U.S. News , Mortimer Zuckerman , who pretends he did n't fire him , or Harry Evans , who doth protest too much that he did ?
puppeteering 101 : as an exercise in spin analysis , culturebox puts this question to you , dear reader : who looks more like a buffoon in the wake of james fallows 's leaving u.s. news , mortimer zuckerman , who pretends he did n't fire him , or harry evans , who [does] protest too much that he did ?

Doth Obuchi protest too much ?
[does] obuchi protest too much ?

Early modern English used car poetically for the chariots of the sun and planets , as in Milton 's image of a maritime sunset in Comus : The gilded car of day / His glowing axle doth allay / In the steep Atlantic stream .
early modern english used car poetically for the chariots of the sun and planets , as in milton 's image of a maritime sunset in comus : the gilded car of day / his glowing axle [does] allay / in the steep atlantic stream .

Rather , it is the artistry that rubs off on the person steeped in the best parts of the culture , the phrase unconsciously plucked from a 17th-century poem or 16th-century play , ( no matter how corny , like Methinks the lady doth protest too much ) , the single word that indicates at least passing familiarity with history ( like defenestration ) , the fragment of an air associated with a Bach fugue .
rather , it is the artistry that rubs off on the person steeped in the best parts of the culture , the phrase unconsciously plucked from a 17th-century poem or 16th-century play , ( no matter how corny , like methinks the lady [does] protest too much ) , the single word that indicates at least passing familiarity with history ( like defenestration ) , the fragment of an air associated with a bach fugue .

Dost , lost , post , and doth , cloth , loth , Job , job , blossom , bosom , oath .
dost , lost , post , and [does] , cloth , loth , job , job , blossom , bosom , oath .

Likewise two words in Pepys 's entry gave pause to the checker , though they are not so much lost words as obsolete forms of words : hath and doth .
likewise two words in pepys 's entry gave pause to the checker , though they are not so much lost words as obsolete forms of words : hath and [does] .

Though such words as betimes and whither and such forms as doth and hath have dropped out of ordinary usage , today 's English-speaking reader of average education can read most of the Diary without encountering any word that would send him to his dictionary .
though such words as betimes and whither and such forms as [does] and hath have dropped out of ordinary usage , today 's english-speaking reader of average education can read most of the diary without encountering any word that would send him to his dictionary .

On the one hand , Pepys 's English may seem slightly stilted or Biblical by modern standards , with frequent absolute constructions and the use of do as an auxiliary for affirmative verbs where no emphasis is intended , as , for example , in his entry for August 31 , 1662 , where he thanks “ Almighty God , who doth most manifestly bless me in my endeavors to do the duty of my office -- I now saving money , and my expenses being very little. ” This casual use of the auxiliary do seems to be creeping back into English usage , especially among waiters for some reason , who are increasingly wont to announce , “ As the catch of the day , we do have red snapper ... . ” Ordinarily , though , in American speech the auxiliary do is reserved for negative or interrogative statements as in Do n't do it or Do you do it ?
on the one hand , pepys 's english may seem slightly stilted or biblical by modern standards , with frequent absolute constructions and the use of do as an auxiliary for affirmative verbs where no emphasis is intended , as , for example , in his entry for august 31 , 1662 , where he thanks “ almighty god , who [does] most manifestly bless me in my endeavors to do the duty of my office -- i now saving money , and my expenses being very little. ” this casual use of the auxiliary do seems to be creeping back into english usage , especially among waiters for some reason , who are increasingly wont to announce , “ as the catch of the day , we do have red snapper ... . ” ordinarily , though , in american speech the auxiliary do is reserved for negative or interrogative statements as in do n't do it or do you do it ?

