# time, length

Forces will survive a surprise attack , and these forces will give depth , or considerable duration , to the conflict .
forces will survive a surprise attack , and these forces will give depth , or considerable [length] , to the conflict .

Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' .
pope pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole [length] of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' .

The duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions .
the [length] and other circumstances of the selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions .

The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves , the number of the dancers , and the approximate total duration of the dance .
the only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves , the number of the dancers , and the approximate total [length] of the dance .

This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action .
this objective is adhered to throughout the [length] of the action .

The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States , whichever is later .
the books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the [length] of the project , or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the united states , whichever is later .

With the exception of treaty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration .
with the exception of treaty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable [length] .

Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last .
dominant stress is of course more than extended [length] , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last .

for example , duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation .
for example , [length] sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation .

It is convenient to assume that the union-industry contract is of one year's duration .
it is convenient to assume that the union-industry contract is of one year's [length] .

The duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her seven-o'clock dinner .
the [length] of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that mrs. meeker died several hours after her seven-o'clock dinner .

Police have been drafted into the town for the duration of the fair which starts tomorrow , and although not complacent they 're confident it 'll go smoothly .
police have been drafted into the town for the [length] of the fair which starts tomorrow , and although not complacent they 're confident it 'll go smoothly .

Police have been drafted into the town for the duration of the fair which starts tomorrow , and although not complacent they 're confident it 'll go smoothly .
police have been drafted into the town for the [length] of the fair which starts tomorrow , and although not complacent they 're confident it 'll go smoothly .

And it come , at the end of the day it comes out with all the ones it 's matched , the duration it 's been there and er makes it a damned sight easier basically .
and it come , at the end of the day it comes out with all the ones it 's matched , the [length] it 's been there and er makes it a damned sight easier basically .

Duration . How long will it take to cook the lamb ?
[length] . how long will it take to cook the lamb ?

The duration and all that type of .
the [length] and all that type of .

Juveniles will cover two laps and seniors and juniors two for a race of about one hour 's duration .
juveniles will cover two laps and seniors and juniors two for a race of about one hour 's [length] .

The delay would be twice the duration of the original journey time .
the delay would be twice the [length] of the original journey time .

It is used for administrative purposes ( bed usage , duration of stay , operations , etc . )
it is used for administrative purposes ( bed usage , [length] of stay , operations , etc . )

Thus , for Scottish legitimate births : Note , however , that in the presence of birth control , fertility is almost more dependent on duration of marriage than on age itself .
thus , for scottish legitimate births : note , however , that in the presence of birth control , fertility is almost more dependent on [length] of marriage than on age itself .

Most captive funds are open ended , that is , they have no predetermined size or duration , and will be dependent on the general strategy of the financial institution to which they are linked .
most captive funds are open ended , that is , they have no predetermined size or [length] , and will be dependent on the general strategy of the financial institution to which they are linked .

Independent funds tend to be closed ended , and have a pre-set strategy and investment size and duration .
independent funds tend to be closed ended , and have a pre-set strategy and investment size and [length] .

Comparing the situation in 1975 with the year of introduction ( generally prewar ) , on average the ratio of benefits to earnings had risen slightly , the duration of benefits had doubled to nearly a year , the delay before eligibility to benefit had halved ( to two days ) , and the period of disqualification ( on account of dismissal for misconduct , for example ) had halved to about three weeks .
comparing the situation in 1975 with the year of introduction ( generally prewar ) , on average the ratio of benefits to earnings had risen slightly , the [length] of benefits had doubled to nearly a year , the delay before eligibility to benefit had halved ( to two days ) , and the period of disqualification ( on account of dismissal for misconduct , for example ) had halved to about three weeks .

3 hours duration .
3 hours [length] .

Matches will be of half-hour duration , with each playing the other twice over two days .
matches will be of half-hour [length] , with each playing the other twice over two days .

During the war the Savoy Players were the resident drama group , and were at the theatre for the duration of the black-out .
during the war the savoy players were the resident drama group , and were at the theatre for the [length] of the black-out .

It is a safe bet to assume this competition will present no problems for them leaving them the first pipe band in history to collect every available award and go undefeated for the duration of the season .
it is a safe bet to assume this competition will present no problems for them leaving them the first pipe band in history to collect every available award and go undefeated for the [length] of the season .

There are still many areas in Great Britain where there are test centres who are an awful long way from the motorway , and at the moment , Banbury is in that position , so the driving test would have to be at least something like 2 or 3 hours duration by the time they got out there and driven .
there are still many areas in great britain where there are test centres who are an awful long way from the motorway , and at the moment , banbury is in that position , so the driving test would have to be at least something like 2 or 3 hours [length] by the time they got out there and driven .

At their traditional headquarters for the duration , the going is already getting heavy .
at their traditional headquarters for the [length] , the going is already getting heavy .

Table 3 , below , shows that although the limited duration of the present Call-slip analysis exercise meant that fewer issues were monitored in 1981 than in earlier years , the proportion of all issues which were in foreign languages remained remarkably constant , at around 4% .
table 3 , below , shows that although the limited [length] of the present call-slip analysis exercise meant that fewer issues were monitored in 1981 than in earlier years , the proportion of all issues which were in foreign languages remained remarkably constant , at around 4% .

As an example , it might be claimed that in ‘ hutch ’ was different ( perhaps in having shorter duration ) from in ‘ hush ’ or ‘ Welsh ’ , ; or it might be claimed that the place of articulation of in ‘ watch apes ’ is different from that of in ‘ what shapes ’ .
as an example , it might be claimed that in ‘ hutch ’ was different ( perhaps in having shorter [length] ) from in ‘ hush ’ or ‘ welsh ’ , ; or it might be claimed that the place of articulation of in ‘ watch apes ’ is different from that of in ‘ what shapes ’ .

It follows from what was said earlier that in a stress-timed language all the feet are supposed to be of roughly the same duration .
it follows from what was said earlier that in a stress-timed language all the feet are supposed to be of roughly the same [length] .

More than anything else , it was the apparently infinite duration of the Verdun bombardments that reduced even the strongest nerves .
more than anything else , it was the apparently infinite [length] of the verdun bombardments that reduced even the strongest nerves .

As we see below , one important factor influencing the interest rate charged on a loan is the term or duration of the loan .
as we see below , one important factor influencing the interest rate charged on a loan is the term or [length] of the loan .

Duration of loan
[length] of loan

Equation ( 11.11 ) will now be used to find the equivalent continuous spectrum of a rectangular pulse of height h and duration 1 .
equation ( 11.11 ) will now be used to find the equivalent continuous spectrum of a rectangular pulse of height h and [length] 1 .

The long ones are stronger and louder and , as you would expect , longer in duration than the short ones , which are very short , very quick and very fleeting .
the long ones are stronger and louder and , as you would expect , longer in [length] than the short ones , which are very short , very quick and very fleeting .

The duration of treatment is controlled .
the [length] of treatment is controlled .

Thus treatment with salt ( or with freshwater for marine fish ) , formalin , quaternary ammonium compounds , malachite green , and antibiotics for example can be given at high dose for short duration , making them more effective against the disease organisms while offering a better safety margin to the fish through shorter contact time .
thus treatment with salt ( or with freshwater for marine fish ) , formalin , quaternary ammonium compounds , malachite green , and antibiotics for example can be given at high dose for short [length] , making them more effective against the disease organisms while offering a better safety margin to the fish through shorter contact time .

The keyboard circuits are designed to detect the order of key presses rather than the duration of each key press .
the keyboard circuits are designed to detect the order of key presses rather than the [length] of each key press .

With the chosen baud rate and data format each character is approximately 1.04mS in duration .
with the chosen baud rate and data format each character is approximately 1.04ms in [length] .

Doors open at 6pm and all demonstrations begin at 7pm with a duration of about 1 hour 40 minutes .
doors open at 6pm and all demonstrations begin at 7pm with a [length] of about 1 hour 40 minutes .

Flanker Simon Poidevin 's smile resembled a split water melon for the duration of the parade .
flanker simon poidevin 's smile resembled a split water melon for the [length] of the parade .

The simple truth is that for the duration of the tours rugby became the political football in the power-broking struggle currently being played out between the various factions in South African politics .
the simple truth is that for the [length] of the tours rugby became the political football in the power-broking struggle currently being played out between the various factions in south african politics .

These-spells of autocracy were once frequently longer and of indefinite duration , sometimes , indeed , extending over decades .
these-spells of autocracy were once frequently longer and of indefinite [length] , sometimes , indeed , extending over decades .

This viticultural twilight zone stretches the duration of the vine 's growth cycle to the limit , resulting in a longer ripening period , providing grapes with a high degree of acidity .
this viticultural twilight zone stretches the [length] of the vine 's growth cycle to the limit , resulting in a longer ripening period , providing grapes with a high degree of acidity .

Other facts about the disease can be established with regard to its point of onset , duration , symptoms , impact on other parts of the body and ultimate outcomes , ranging from minor discomforts to death .
other facts about the disease can be established with regard to its point of onset , [length] , symptoms , impact on other parts of the body and ultimate outcomes , ranging from minor discomforts to death .

Finally , tertiary prevention aims to reduce the duration and severity of the disease which is established .
finally , tertiary prevention aims to reduce the [length] and severity of the disease which is established .

So far only the pulsed dye laser produces parameters that approach the theoretical ideal , and even then it is at the lower limit of the ideal pulse duration ; Tan et al have shown that this laser can successfully treat children of any age with a negligible chance of scarring , and our experiences confirm their findings .
so far only the pulsed dye laser produces parameters that approach the theoretical ideal , and even then it is at the lower limit of the ideal pulse [length] ; tan et al have shown that this laser can successfully treat children of any age with a negligible chance of scarring , and our experiences confirm their findings .

Despite these unpromising results and the fact that most episodes of glue ear are of short duration and resolve spontaneously ( 50 % within three months ; 95 % within a year ) the ‘ epidemic ’ of surgery for glue ear continues .
despite these unpromising results and the fact that most episodes of glue ear are of short [length] and resolve spontaneously ( 50 % within three months ; 95 % within a year ) the ‘ epidemic ’ of surgery for glue ear continues .

The duration of the early FDRs was sometimes very long — as much as 200 flying hours and more in some cases — so it was possible to check back over many flights how the aircraft had behaved .
the [length] of the early fdrs was sometimes very long — as much as 200 flying hours and more in some cases — so it was possible to check back over many flights how the aircraft had behaved .

All mandatory cockpit voice recording systems operate on a continuous loop with a duration of thirty minutes , so the investigator can only hear what was said during the last thirty minutes of flight .
all mandatory cockpit voice recording systems operate on a continuous loop with a [length] of thirty minutes , so the investigator can only hear what was said during the last thirty minutes of flight .

10 Days 9 Nights Duration
10 days 9 nights [length]

All this time , her cries and weepings had so increased in volume and in duration ( sometimes she cried for five or six hours ) that she was forbidden to go to church , and had to be confessed and absolved in a private chapel .
all this time , her cries and weepings had so increased in volume and in [length] ( sometimes she cried for five or six hours ) that she was forbidden to go to church , and had to be confessed and absolved in a private chapel .

inputs of time , i.e. the length of overall contact , the frequency and regularity of visits and their overall duration ;
inputs of time , i.e. the length of overall contact , the frequency and regularity of visits and their overall [length] ;

Then in the late fifth , or early sixth , century the settlement moved northwards ; it was smaller , of briefer duration and more dispersed , and the cemetery belonging to it was defined by Romano-British ditches .
then in the late fifth , or early sixth , century the settlement moved northwards ; it was smaller , of briefer [length] and more dispersed , and the cemetery belonging to it was defined by romano-british ditches .

While it makes much of the commitment to solving the Cyprus and Kashmir problems , presumably in deference to immigrant communities , it says rather less about what the Tory party plans to do about the greatest immediate challenge it will face , the level and duration of the commitment to the Iraqi Kurds .
while it makes much of the commitment to solving the cyprus and kashmir problems , presumably in deference to immigrant communities , it says rather less about what the tory party plans to do about the greatest immediate challenge it will face , the level and [length] of the commitment to the iraqi kurds .

The mothers were asked to complete sleep diaries for their children for a week before the group began and throughout its duration .
the mothers were asked to complete sleep diaries for their children for a week before the group began and throughout its [length] .

The perceived impact of the sleep problem fell considerably during the duration of the group .
the perceived impact of the sleep problem fell considerably during the [length] of the group .

Many items were donated outright ; many were lent for the duration , but everything was volunteered in one way or another .
many items were donated outright ; many were lent for the [length] , but everything was volunteered in one way or another .

Europe disappeared from the political imagination for the duration , not merely during the last month of the campaign , but during a large part of the long and tedious pre-campaign .
europe disappeared from the political imagination for the [length] , not merely during the last month of the campaign , but during a large part of the long and tedious pre-campaign .

It has been dropped into a black hole for the duration of the campaign at the insistence of the spin-doctors .
it has been dropped into a black hole for the [length] of the campaign at the insistence of the spin-doctors .

The absence of musical form horrified Schoenberg , and a similar distaste helped to motivate the multifaceted serialism — in duration , pitch and so on — of Webern and , later , of Boulez .
the absence of musical form horrified schoenberg , and a similar distaste helped to motivate the multifaceted serialism — in [length] , pitch and so on — of webern and , later , of boulez .

Points will be awarded in descending order for duration of survival in the round , to 5th place that is : 1st place 6 points 2nd place 4 points 3rd place 3 points 4th place 2 points 5th place 1 point
points will be awarded in descending order for [length] of survival in the round , to 5th place that is : 1st place 6 points 2nd place 4 points 3rd place 3 points 4th place 2 points 5th place 1 point

Spry , who has spent the duration of the interview waiting for his chicken and pineapple pizza to arrive , flicks through a copy of Vogue Collection .
spry , who has spent the [length] of the interview waiting for his chicken and pineapple pizza to arrive , flicks through a copy of vogue collection .

when the period ( if any ) fixed for the duration of the company by the articles expires , or the event ( if any ) occurs , on the occurrence of which the articles provide that the company is to be dissolved , and the company in general meeting has passed a resolution requiring it to be wound up voluntarily ;
when the period ( if any ) fixed for the [length] of the company by the articles expires , or the event ( if any ) occurs , on the occurrence of which the articles provide that the company is to be dissolved , and the company in general meeting has passed a resolution requiring it to be wound up voluntarily ;

There was little social justice in a system whereby simony could dictate the duration of one 's time in purgatory ; was it right that only the rich could secure such release ?
there was little social justice in a system whereby simony could dictate the [length] of one 's time in purgatory ; was it right that only the rich could secure such release ?

The time demanded in maintaining roses is not great , it does not mean a number of hours or days a week , but it does mean a regular tour around , if only of a few minutes ' duration , perhaps in the evenings , with secateurs in hand to snip or prune away faded flowers , and a puff or spray here and there as and when you find aphids or other pests .
the time demanded in maintaining roses is not great , it does not mean a number of hours or days a week , but it does mean a regular tour around , if only of a few minutes ' [length] , perhaps in the evenings , with secateurs in hand to snip or prune away faded flowers , and a puff or spray here and there as and when you find aphids or other pests .

‘ The basic information it contains is the duration of activities and their sequence and timing .
‘ the basic information it contains is the [length] of activities and their sequence and timing .

The technical problem is that of ensuring that the stimulation is of a duration and intensity to be physiologically realistic .
the technical problem is that of ensuring that the stimulation is of a [length] and intensity to be physiologically realistic .

The choice of duration as the organising category of the past may seem arbitrary , or at best superficial ; but Braudel implies that it serves to pick out states and processes of qualitatively distinct types , which have different sorts of impact on human affairs and demand to be studied separately .
the choice of [length] as the organising category of the past may seem arbitrary , or at best superficial ; but braudel implies that it serves to pick out states and processes of qualitatively distinct types , which have different sorts of impact on human affairs and demand to be studied separately .

Conjonctures were originally viewed , it seems , as structures and processes of intermediate duration .
conjonctures were originally viewed , it seems , as structures and processes of intermediate [length] .

The nights of December 17 , 18 and 19 were all raids of over nine hours duration .
the nights of december 17 , 18 and 19 were all raids of over nine hours [length] .

The duration of the course would be two years full-time ( 12 modules plus a project ) .
the [length] of the course would be two years full-time ( 12 modules plus a project ) .

Three major types of behaviour records — frequency counts , duration and timing — are described .
three major types of behaviour records — frequency counts , [length] and timing — are described .

In such cases we expect the duration to increase if the intervention is being effective .
in such cases we expect the [length] to increase if the intervention is being effective .

Measurements of duration can also apply to behaviours for which a start and end can be easily identified .
measurements of [length] can also apply to behaviours for which a start and end can be easily identified .

Application of duration measurements to discrete behaviours is most appropriate where the behaviour in question happens relatively rarely , but each time lasts for several hours .
application of [length] measurements to discrete behaviours is most appropriate where the behaviour in question happens relatively rarely , but each time lasts for several hours .

In order to set a baseline her parents set aside an hour each evening for one week during which they did not tell Lindsay to stop , but recorded the duration of each nose picking session and the frequency .
in order to set a baseline her parents set aside an hour each evening for one week during which they did not tell lindsay to stop , but recorded the [length] of each nose picking session and the frequency .

Their aim was then to reduce both frequency and duration .
their aim was then to reduce both frequency and [length] .

Duration measures are best suited when :
[length] measures are best suited when :

Tantrums may be best suited to a ‘ duration ’ type measurement ( how long each one lasts ) while swearing might be best suited to ‘ frequency ’ type measurement ( how often it occurs ) .
tantrums may be best suited to a ‘ [length] ’ type measurement ( how long each one lasts ) while swearing might be best suited to ‘ frequency ’ type measurement ( how often it occurs ) .

For example although duration is commonly measured for tantrums , this does not exclude the possibility of measures of frequency .
for example although [length] is commonly measured for tantrums , this does not exclude the possibility of measures of frequency .

Some people prefer to measure the duration of tantrums .
some people prefer to measure the [length] of tantrums .

recommended that the procedure is applied to spontaneous speech samples of about 30 minutes ' duration , although there is no reason why this should not be varied .
recommended that the procedure is applied to spontaneous speech samples of about 30 minutes ' [length] , although there is no reason why this should not be varied .

Once having established some means of communication , the basic skills of negotiation , bargaining , advocacy and counselling form the stuff of every social work interaction , of however short a duration .
once having established some means of communication , the basic skills of negotiation , bargaining , advocacy and counselling form the stuff of every social work interaction , of however short a [length] .

It may be too exhausting , painful and risky to consider one 's own needs in a situation like being carer , which is not predictable in duration .
it may be too exhausting , painful and risky to consider one 's own needs in a situation like being carer , which is not predictable in [length] .

, and the frequency , severity and duration of illness .
, and the frequency , severity and [length] of illness .

As it was , she went down so badly with flu that she had to be confined to her room for the duration .
as it was , she went down so badly with flu that she had to be confined to her room for the [length] .

Firstly the use of rice had been shown to reduce stool output and shorten the duration of diarrhoea — a concept which the mothers of Bangladesh would find very attractive .
firstly the use of rice had been shown to reduce stool output and shorten the [length] of diarrhoea — a concept which the mothers of bangladesh would find very attractive .

Chiming clocks and the ringing of church bells were forbidden for the duration of hostilities , or until the invasion came .
chiming clocks and the ringing of church bells were forbidden for the [length] of hostilities , or until the invasion came .

Overnight sailings are suspended for the duration but they 'll let you go aboard .
overnight sailings are suspended for the [length] but they 'll let you go aboard .

The faceless ones who spoke with the omnipotent voice of authority and who , for the duration of hostilities , would be obeyed without question .
the faceless ones who spoke with the omnipotent voice of authority and who , for the [length] of hostilities , would be obeyed without question .

For the duration .
for the [length] .

This house belonged to a shipyard owner , but the Navy took it from him for the duration and now it 's a hostel for Wrens .
this house belonged to a shipyard owner , but the navy took it from him for the [length] and now it 's a hostel for wrens .

She thought about them a lot , wondering how it was going for them on their first real day on active service ; the first day , she supposed , of the rest of their lives — of the duration , at least .
she thought about them a lot , wondering how it was going for them on their first real day on active service ; the first day , she supposed , of the rest of their lives — of the [length] , at least .

The duration .
the [length] .

And how many days and weeks and years made up a duration was anybody 's guess .
and how many days and weeks and years made up a [length] was anybody 's guess .

It was only minutes , the duration of that fleeting armistice , but such a stillness was so unaccustomed , embraced a silence so complete that it was always noticed , and wondered at .
it was only minutes , the [length] of that fleeting armistice , but such a stillness was so unaccustomed , embraced a silence so complete that it was always noticed , and wondered at .

Some scientists — and we should add hastily that they are in a small minority — feel that this is mincing words : they feel that by ‘ forever ’ we should mean an infinite number of billions of years rather than a period whose duration can be estimated .
some scientists — and we should add hastily that they are in a small minority — feel that this is mincing words : they feel that by ‘ forever ’ we should mean an infinite number of billions of years rather than a period whose [length] can be estimated .

Schrödinger imagined an experiment in which a cat was placed in a sealed box with a sufficient supply of air to last it for the duration of the experiment .
schrödinger imagined an experiment in which a cat was placed in a sealed box with a sufficient supply of air to last it for the [length] of the experiment .

‘ Because he believed that Charles just is n't going to make it — and the sovereign 's relationship with her heir has always been difficult — Prince Philip urged her to assert that she had no intention of stepping down from the throne , that she must and will remain for the duration . ’
‘ because he believed that charles just is n't going to make it — and the sovereign 's relationship with her heir has always been difficult — prince philip urged her to assert that she had no intention of stepping down from the throne , that she must and will remain for the [length] . ’

This is my fifth visit to the seal herd as photographer to the International Fund For Animal Welfare for the duration of Sealwatch , as the trip is named .
this is my fifth visit to the seal herd as photographer to the international fund for animal welfare for the [length] of sealwatch , as the trip is named .

If there is indeed the same relativism in physics and in morals , should not one individual 's choice in his particular situation be as unimpugnably right or wrong as his measurements of distance and duration ?
if there is indeed the same relativism in physics and in morals , should not one individual 's choice in his particular situation be as unimpugnably right or wrong as his measurements of distance and [length] ?

The changes in Law at the scrummage were primarily concerned about making the scrummage shorter in duration and thus safer , which is very commendable .
the changes in law at the scrummage were primarily concerned about making the scrummage shorter in [length] and thus safer , which is very commendable .

The proposal must also contain details of the debtor 's assets and liabilities ; the duration of the arrangement ; and when distributions are to be made to creditors , with estimates of amounts .
the proposal must also contain details of the debtor 's assets and liabilities ; the [length] of the arrangement ; and when distributions are to be made to creditors , with estimates of amounts .

It can , for instance , produce a graph of your training programme in one or more sports , plotting your speed , duration or mileage trends .
it can , for instance , produce a graph of your training programme in one or more sports , plotting your speed , [length] or mileage trends .

And the more intense they are , the shorter the duration , so Anna should soon be over it .
and the more intense they are , the shorter the [length] , so anna should soon be over it .

Hold the camcorder to one subject at a time , starting a new shot every time you change to a new subject ; each of these shots could be of say five to ten seconds duration .
hold the camcorder to one subject at a time , starting a new shot every time you change to a new subject ; each of these shots could be of say five to ten seconds [length] .

Frequently recurring criticisms of the contracts are that they are of up to nine years ' duration , they contain hidden annual increases , that the costs of settling old agreements are added to the undisclosed capital value of new equipment , and that the total cost of a contract is not disclosed .
frequently recurring criticisms of the contracts are that they are of up to nine years ' [length] , they contain hidden annual increases , that the costs of settling old agreements are added to the undisclosed capital value of new equipment , and that the total cost of a contract is not disclosed .

Limited duration : e.g. The professor is typing his own letters ( these days ) .
limited [length] : e.g. the professor is typing his own letters ( these days ) .

So , for example , an expression like Joan is singing well could be understood in either the temporariness or the limited duration sense .
so , for example , an expression like joan is singing well could be understood in either the temporariness or the limited [length] sense .

The professor is writing a letter suggests a temporary activity , whereas The professor is writing a book suggests an activity of extended duration .
the professor is writing a letter suggests a temporary activity , whereas the professor is writing a book suggests an activity of extended [length] .

It is here that we do see examples of apparently selfless giving , where the carer 's independent life effectively is suspended for the duration of the caring relationship , which may last many years .
it is here that we do see examples of apparently selfless giving , where the carer 's independent life effectively is suspended for the [length] of the caring relationship , which may last many years .

No evidence for variable duration of sympatry between the great spotted cuckoo and its magpie host
no evidence for variable [length] of sympatry between the great spotted cuckoo and its magpie host

They claimed that rejection of eggs of the great spotted cuckoo Clamator glandarius by magpie Pica pica hosts varied according to the duration of sympatry .
they claimed that rejection of eggs of the great spotted cuckoo clamator glandarius by magpie pica pica hosts varied according to the [length] of sympatry .

Independently of whether such arguments have any bearing on the duration of sympatry between cuckoos and magpies , it is clear that with the larger sample sizes of our data , many of the trends oppose those claimed by Soler and Möller .
independently of whether such arguments have any bearing on the [length] of sympatry between cuckoos and magpies , it is clear that with the larger sample sizes of our data , many of the trends oppose those claimed by soler and möller .

In any case , the differences between the two areas are probably unrelated to duration of sympatry .
in any case , the differences between the two areas are probably unrelated to [length] of sympatry .

This and the long duration of the eclipse at low frequency require that this material extends well beyond the pulsar and of course the companion 's Roche lobe , the region within which matter is gravitationally bound to the star .
this and the long [length] of the eclipse at low frequency require that this material extends well beyond the pulsar and of course the companion 's roche lobe , the region within which matter is gravitationally bound to the star .

Typical observations were 300s in duration , giving an average signal-to-noise ratio of 500 at all frequencies , although the pulsar flux density varies greatly between observations because of interstellar scintillation .
typical observations were 300s in [length] , giving an average signal-to-noise ratio of 500 at all frequencies , although the pulsar flux density varies greatly between observations because of interstellar scintillation .

( 4 ) Because the treatment required by the offender varies from individual to individual in accordance with what is ‘ wrong ’ with each , the duration and circumstances of the commitment must also vary .
( 4 ) because the treatment required by the offender varies from individual to individual in accordance with what is ‘ wrong ’ with each , the [length] and circumstances of the commitment must also vary .

As it approaches death , the duration of these fantasies increases ; seen from the network 's point of view , time seems to slow down .
as it approaches death , the [length] of these fantasies increases ; seen from the network 's point of view , time seems to slow down .

Not only do the social workers regard the admissions as a failure , but the parents may be poorly informed about the purpose of the admission , its duration and the expectations which it places on them .
not only do the social workers regard the admissions as a failure , but the parents may be poorly informed about the purpose of the admission , its [length] and the expectations which it places on them .

They are along for the duration .
they are along for the [length] .

Film of a speeded-up supermarket trip and Clockwork Orange puts us in the mood — a kind of delirium , happy when it pains — and William is our entertainment for the 60-minute duration .
film of a speeded-up supermarket trip and clockwork orange puts us in the mood — a kind of delirium , happy when it pains — and william is our entertainment for the 60-minute [length] .

In addition to the exhibition of recent paintings at Daniel Templon until 24 April , the contemporary galleries of the Centre Pompidou are showing an installation and a huge painting , while the monographic gallery Piece Unique is showing one of his most important late works for the duration of the month .
in addition to the exhibition of recent paintings at daniel templon until 24 april , the contemporary galleries of the centre pompidou are showing an installation and a huge painting , while the monographic gallery piece unique is showing one of his most important late works for the [length] of the month .

This gives an impression of fluent , though probably ‘ speeded ’ , motion since the ‘ sign ’ must be executed in a stimulus duration less than eye movement latency .
this gives an impression of fluent , though probably ‘ speeded ’ , motion since the ‘ sign ’ must be executed in a stimulus [length] less than eye movement latency .

The stimuli were constructed as in Poizner , Battison and Lane ( 1979 ) by combining four still frames to produce a stimulus duration of 160 milliseconds .
the stimuli were constructed as in poizner , battison and lane ( 1979 ) by combining four still frames to produce a stimulus [length] of 160 milliseconds .

Stimuli were presented either to the right or left of a fixation point which had a digit presentation for the same duration as the sign or word stimuli .
stimuli were presented either to the right or left of a fixation point which had a digit presentation for the same [length] as the sign or word stimuli .

This rule now removes the doubt that often existed about the duration of a notice , when the period started at the time of submission to the council .
this rule now removes the doubt that often existed about the [length] of a notice , when the period started at the time of submission to the council .

The level of demand is to do not only with the tasks as they are done but also with the duration for which they must continue to be done .
the level of demand is to do not only with the tasks as they are done but also with the [length] for which they must continue to be done .

Once outside , affected characters have no urge to return , but they continue to feel despair for the duration of this magical effect .
once outside , affected characters have no urge to return , but they continue to feel despair for the [length] of this magical effect .

The yellow light seems warm ; the chaise longue inviting ; the wine tempting ( drinking any of this gives a -5 penalty to all tests for the duration of all encounters in rooms 49–52 ; it 's terrific , but strong ) .
the yellow light seems warm ; the chaise longue inviting ; the wine tempting ( drinking any of this gives a -5 penalty to all tests for the [length] of all encounters in rooms 49–52 ; it 's terrific , but strong ) .

These included highly competitive product markets , with many small-sized enterprises , ease of entry and subcontracting , together with an unstructured labour market typified by short job duration at variable work sites , as well as much self-employment .
these included highly competitive product markets , with many small-sized enterprises , ease of entry and subcontracting , together with an unstructured labour market typified by short job [length] at variable work sites , as well as much self-employment .

Sometimes it has played a pioneering role in bringing about new developments , such as the Renault agreement on the duration of holidays which then became generalised by legislation ( Despax and Rojot , 1979 ) .
sometimes it has played a pioneering role in bringing about new developments , such as the renault agreement on the [length] of holidays which then became generalised by legislation ( despax and rojot , 1979 ) .

By massing overwhelming artillery strength on a short front , and replacing prolonged duration of fire ( which had hitherto given ample warning of attack to the defenders ) by the number of guns employed , he hoped so to disrupt French trench lines that , when the bombardment ceased ; a relatively small German force could advance with little loss .
by massing overwhelming artillery strength on a short front , and replacing prolonged [length] of fire ( which had hitherto given ample warning of attack to the defenders ) by the number of guns employed , he hoped so to disrupt french trench lines that , when the bombardment ceased ; a relatively small german force could advance with little loss .

Using the hypothetical examples above , for instance , this is how it might work out : skilled employment ( 4 ) the top possible score : employment duration — she has just gone back to work ( 1 ) ; housing — she has had to move to a smaller flat ( l ) so has n't been there long ( 0 ) ; she does have a bank account ( 4 ) ; but is separated ( 0 ) ; and quite young ( 2 ) .
using the hypothetical examples above , for instance , this is how it might work out : skilled employment ( 4 ) the top possible score : employment [length] — she has just gone back to work ( 1 ) ; housing — she has had to move to a smaller flat ( l ) so has n't been there long ( 0 ) ; she does have a bank account ( 4 ) ; but is separated ( 0 ) ; and quite young ( 2 ) .

They thought in terms of a right or wrong time , rather than long or short duration .
they thought in terms of a right or wrong time , rather than long or short [length] .

6 Duration and Termination
6 [length] and termination

Consisting of six sketches in complete form , in segment-by-segment form and in line-by-line form , and of total duration approximately 180 minutes .
consisting of six sketches in complete form , in segment-by-segment form and in line-by-line form , and of total [length] approximately 180 minutes .

Providing recordings of approximately 10 hours ' duration on open reel tape .
providing recordings of approximately 10 hours ' [length] on open reel tape .

1 prepare a script for the video which will permit the Publisher to shoot eight episodes of video of a maximum total duration of sixty minutes and within the budget set by the Publisher , and
1 prepare a script for the video which will permit the publisher to shoot eight episodes of video of a maximum total [length] of sixty minutes and within the budget set by the publisher , and

Lord Haldane was forced to resign from government as a result of coalition , and eminent businessmen such as Sir Ernest Cassel and Sir Edgar Speyer withdrew from public life for the duration of the war .
lord haldane was forced to resign from government as a result of coalition , and eminent businessmen such as sir ernest cassel and sir edgar speyer withdrew from public life for the [length] of the war .

To clarify this , Bentham lists seven so-called dimensions of pleasure and pain : ( 1 ) intensity ; ( 2 ) duration ; ( 3 ) certainty or uncertainty ; ( 4 ) propinquity or remoteness ; ( 5 ) fecundity ; ( 6 ) purity ; ( 7 ) extent .
to clarify this , bentham lists seven so-called dimensions of pleasure and pain : ( 1 ) intensity ; ( 2 ) [length] ; ( 3 ) certainty or uncertainty ; ( 4 ) propinquity or remoteness ; ( 5 ) fecundity ; ( 6 ) purity ; ( 7 ) extent .

If we knew all the pleasures and pains liable to be produced by an action , and could assign a degree of intensity , a duration , and a probability ( represented as a fraction of one ) to each , then the multiplication of these by each other , treating pleasure as a positive and pain as a negative quantity , would give the total positive or negative value of the action 's consequences , and it would be a good or right act if the result was positive , bad or wrong if it was negative .
if we knew all the pleasures and pains liable to be produced by an action , and could assign a degree of intensity , a [length] , and a probability ( represented as a fraction of one ) to each , then the multiplication of these by each other , treating pleasure as a positive and pain as a negative quantity , would give the total positive or negative value of the action 's consequences , and it would be a good or right act if the result was positive , bad or wrong if it was negative .

Duration and probability , at least considered in the abstract , are relatively straightforward , but what is a pleasure 's or pain 's degree of intensity ?
[length] and probability , at least considered in the abstract , are relatively straightforward , but what is a pleasure 's or pain 's degree of intensity ?

Pains prevented , given a value in accordance with the same dimensions of intensity , duration , probability , extent count along with pleasures produced , in favour of an action , while pleasures prevented , count along with the pains produced , against it .
pains prevented , given a value in accordance with the same dimensions of intensity , [length] , probability , extent count along with pleasures produced , in favour of an action , while pleasures prevented , count along with the pains produced , against it .

If one takes ‘ amount ’ as referring to duration and extent ( number of people affected ) , perhaps together with probability and proximity , Bentham certainly does not think that all that matters is amount , since this would be to forget intensity , which seems to mean simply the extent to which it is actually liked moment by moment .
if one takes ‘ amount ’ as referring to [length] and extent ( number of people affected ) , perhaps together with probability and proximity , bentham certainly does not think that all that matters is amount , since this would be to forget intensity , which seems to mean simply the extent to which it is actually liked moment by moment .

Herpex simplex virus infection causing a mucocutaneous ulcer that persists for more than 1 month , or bronchitis , pneumonitis , or oesophagitis for any duration in a patient > 1 month of age .
herpex simplex virus infection causing a mucocutaneous ulcer that persists for more than 1 month , or bronchitis , pneumonitis , or oesophagitis for any [length] in a patient > 1 month of age .

This is a DTI-link grant funded post of 32 months duration .
this is a dti-link grant funded post of 32 months [length] .

The ideal option is to have a friend or neighbour who is prepared to take your dog into their home for the duration .
the ideal option is to have a friend or neighbour who is prepared to take your dog into their home for the [length] .

The theory that amplexus is a form of ‘ mate guarding ’ by males , preventing others from mating with the same female , is confirmed by comparing the duration of amplexus in explosive breeding European common frog , only one out Among explosive breeders , competition between males for females is intense and amplexus may last for several days or even for the entire breeding period .
the theory that amplexus is a form of ‘ mate guarding ’ by males , preventing others from mating with the same female , is confirmed by comparing the [length] of amplexus in explosive breeding european common frog , only one out among explosive breeders , competition between males for females is intense and amplexus may last for several days or even for the entire breeding period .

These special needs are dictated by the characteristics of the mental disorder and by its severity , duration and treatability .
these special needs are dictated by the characteristics of the mental disorder and by its severity , [length] and treatability .

Usually such very small building enterprises will be engaged on work of short duration and will therefore be less prone to encounter the problems associated with the valuation of work in progress discussed in Chapter 12 .
usually such very small building enterprises will be engaged on work of short [length] and will therefore be less prone to encounter the problems associated with the valuation of work in progress discussed in chapter 12 .

When war came , hostilities ended and the League disbanded for the duration .
when war came , hostilities ended and the league disbanded for the [length] .

The longer the other firms take to detect a deviation and implement a punitive response , the greater will be the duration of the flow of profit from reneging and the further into the future the losses from punishment will be delayed , thus reducing their present value .
the longer the other firms take to detect a deviation and implement a punitive response , the greater will be the [length] of the flow of profit from reneging and the further into the future the losses from punishment will be delayed , thus reducing their present value .

In a study of strikes during 1970–2 lasting for more than two weeks , Gennard and Lasko found that the number of people involved in a strike , the duration of the strike and whether it was official or unofficial affected the payment of supplementary benefit .
in a study of strikes during 1970–2 lasting for more than two weeks , gennard and lasko found that the number of people involved in a strike , the [length] of the strike and whether it was official or unofficial affected the payment of supplementary benefit .

Their house was attacked by a mob and the family were interned for the duration of the war as ‘ enemy aliens ’ .
their house was attacked by a mob and the family were interned for the [length] of the war as ‘ enemy aliens ’ .

Others , however , suggest , less cheeringly and no less convincingly , that the duration of disability proceeding death rises with age , so the more people who live to a longer life span , the bigger the health bills .
others , however , suggest , less cheeringly and no less convincingly , that the [length] of disability proceeding death rises with age , so the more people who live to a longer life span , the bigger the health bills .

To the relatively small numbers involved in many cultural organizations and associations we must add the characteristic of relatively short , often extremely short , duration .
to the relatively small numbers involved in many cultural organizations and associations we must add the characteristic of relatively short , often extremely short , [length] .

All further head movements will be from the current cylinder to the next and so will be of minimum duration — 3 to 10 ms for modern disks .
all further head movements will be from the current cylinder to the next and so will be of minimum [length] — 3 to 10 ms for modern disks .

The duration of this wait may often lead to the overflow record being processed more rapidly than prime data track records because processing time will often be low enough to allow this record to be processed as soon as it is located .
the [length] of this wait may often lead to the overflow record being processed more rapidly than prime data track records because processing time will often be low enough to allow this record to be processed as soon as it is located .

The expected stability and duration of political institutions is an important value in itself , since they allow for long-term planning .
the expected stability and [length] of political institutions is an important value in itself , since they allow for long-term planning .

These vary widely in their duration and organisation .
these vary widely in their [length] and organisation .

Anderson 's proposal is for the tax subsidy to be limited to a five-year duration .
anderson 's proposal is for the tax subsidy to be limited to a five-year [length] .

To increase eligibility for unemployment benefit for the duration of unemployment will cost £600 million , net of savings in income support ( Hansard , 28 October 1988 , col. 458 ) .
to increase eligibility for unemployment benefit for the [length] of unemployment will cost £600 million , net of savings in income support ( hansard , 28 october 1988 , col. 458 ) .

It has been suggested , for instance , that wages in Japan are determined by mechanisms based largely on profit maximization , while Matsuzuka ( 1967 ) has pointed to the closely related variable of organization size in determining wage disparities , as well as age and duration of employment service .
it has been suggested , for instance , that wages in japan are determined by mechanisms based largely on profit maximization , while matsuzuka ( 1967 ) has pointed to the closely related variable of organization size in determining wage disparities , as well as age and [length] of employment service .

If trading is likely to be temporary or of uncertain duration ( e.g .
if trading is likely to be temporary or of uncertain [length] ( e.g .

What is an administration order ? It is an order of the court directing that , for the duration of the order , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by an administrator appointed by the court .
what is an administration order ? it is an order of the court directing that , for the [length] of the order , the affairs , business and property of the company shall be managed by an administrator appointed by the court .

Obviously entrepreneurs will seek to pay the cheapest possible rent in order to minimize costs ; moreover , they will seek to establish a fixed rent for the duration of the lease , so that the money paid in rent can easily be forecast when planning the business .
obviously entrepreneurs will seek to pay the cheapest possible rent in order to minimize costs ; moreover , they will seek to establish a fixed rent for the [length] of the lease , so that the money paid in rent can easily be forecast when planning the business .

It may vary in intensity and in duration .
it may vary in intensity and in [length] .

For Henry James the great house is a presence by itself , ‘ a serenity of success , an accumulation of dignity and honour ’ ; ‘ the spectacle of long duration unassociated with some sordid infirmity or poverty ’ ; ‘ a place of which the beauty would have had a sweet odour ’ even in the absence of ‘ flowers in rare vases ’ ; ‘ the ache of antiquity ’ ; ‘ the sign of appointed felicity ' .
for henry james the great house is a presence by itself , ‘ a serenity of success , an accumulation of dignity and honour ’ ; ‘ the spectacle of long [length] unassociated with some sordid infirmity or poverty ’ ; ‘ a place of which the beauty would have had a sweet odour ’ even in the absence of ‘ flowers in rare vases ’ ; ‘ the ache of antiquity ’ ; ‘ the sign of appointed felicity ' .

Most trade union leaders favoured the war , among them Havelock Wilson , and it was easy for the more romantic to suppose that , now there was a common enemy , all other conflicts would be shelved `` for the duration `` which would not , as most supposed , be a long one .
most trade union leaders favoured the war , among them havelock wilson , and it was easy for the more romantic to suppose that , now there was a common enemy , all other conflicts would be shelved `` for the [length] `` which would not , as most supposed , be a long one .

Whether they do or not depends on their duration and the personal circumstances of the individual .
whether they do or not depends on their [length] and the personal circumstances of the individual .

The short average duration of all spells of working with an agency is also consistent with the picture of a large number of persons working on this basis for very brief periods only .
the short average [length] of all spells of working with an agency is also consistent with the picture of a large number of persons working on this basis for very brief periods only .

In addition , the assignments on which contract computing staff operate are of much longer duration .
in addition , the assignments on which contract computing staff operate are of much longer [length] .

Most placements of agency secretarial/office staff are for a period as short as two weeks or less , albeit subject to extension , but the assignments advertised for computer staff are of three months , or more often six months and sometimes one year or even two year duration , again subject to extension .
most placements of agency secretarial/office staff are for a period as short as two weeks or less , albeit subject to extension , but the assignments advertised for computer staff are of three months , or more often six months and sometimes one year or even two year [length] , again subject to extension .

Although any one assignment which the company has is of short duration , the company itself continues in being , following up that assignment by another .
although any one assignment which the company has is of short [length] , the company itself continues in being , following up that assignment by another .

Most `` events `` are of a very short duration — in the case of a banquet a matter of a few hours — but some can last longer — in the case of certain sporting events , conferences or exhibitions several days , or even one or two weeks .
most `` events `` are of a very short [length] — in the case of a banquet a matter of a few hours — but some can last longer — in the case of certain sporting events , conferences or exhibitions several days , or even one or two weeks .

However , when there is no chance that demand will fluctuate over the duration of the `` event `` , for example where the `` event `` is the week or two of heavy bookings at a hotel over Christmas , payment might be offered in the form of a lump sum at the end and might include a `` loyalty bonus `` for those who stay for the full period .
however , when there is no chance that demand will fluctuate over the [length] of the `` event `` , for example where the `` event `` is the week or two of heavy bookings at a hotel over christmas , payment might be offered in the form of a lump sum at the end and might include a `` loyalty bonus `` for those who stay for the full period .

First , we should remember that the individual assignments for which casual workers are engaged are all of a short duration .
first , we should remember that the individual assignments for which casual workers are engaged are all of a short [length] .

The very short duration of most of the `` events `` for which they are providing services , and the gaps which occur between these `` events `` , make it highly appropriate for such organizations to bring in labour on a casual basis .
the very short [length] of most of the `` events `` for which they are providing services , and the gaps which occur between these `` events `` , make it highly appropriate for such organizations to bring in labour on a casual basis .

This is not to say that they are homogeneous — the nature of the seasonal peaks , their duration and the kinds of people employed differ considerably .
this is not to say that they are homogeneous — the nature of the seasonal peaks , their [length] and the kinds of people employed differ considerably .

The entertainments industry faces a similar peak of approximately the same duration and timing .
the entertainments industry faces a similar peak of approximately the same [length] and timing .

In the entertainments industry one of the organizations to which we spoke pointed out that , precisely because the positions they are seeking to fill around Christmas are advertised as seasonal or temporary positions of a rather limited duration , they are normally filled by people with little interest in staying .
in the entertainments industry one of the organizations to which we spoke pointed out that , precisely because the positions they are seeking to fill around christmas are advertised as seasonal or temporary positions of a rather limited [length] , they are normally filled by people with little interest in staying .

Some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an additional clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .
some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary [length] ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an additional clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .

In this case the duration of time spent in training constituted a not insubstantial part of the total duration of the contracts upon which most of the temporary workers were initially recruited ( six months ) .
in this case the [length] of time spent in training constituted a not insubstantial part of the total [length] of the contracts upon which most of the temporary workers were initially recruited ( six months ) .

The duration of this period was determined by what was understood to be the minimum length of time that an unemployed person would have to work In order to reopen rights to unemployment benefits .
the [length] of this period was determined by what was understood to be the minimum length of time that an unemployed person would have to work in order to reopen rights to unemployment benefits .

In some engineering and food manufacturing and processing companies unions had also imposed a maximum duration to all temporary employment , and all temporary workers achieving such service had to be given permanent status .
in some engineering and food manufacturing and processing companies unions had also imposed a maximum [length] to all temporary employment , and all temporary workers achieving such service had to be given permanent status .

In other cases there were no restrictions on numbers of temporary workers or the duration of their employment , merely a requirement to inform or consult about their use .
in other cases there were no restrictions on numbers of temporary workers or the [length] of their employment , merely a requirement to inform or consult about their use .

Unlike in certain other European countries , British labour law sets no maximum duration to a temporary employment relationship , whereby all persons employed for longer than a certain period of time automatically have permanent status .
unlike in certain other european countries , british labour law sets no maximum [length] to a temporary employment relationship , whereby all persons employed for longer than a certain period of time automatically have permanent status .

For the few hours , the day or few days ' duration of the `` event `` , their labour force at the location in question increases many times in size .
for the few hours , the day or few days ' [length] of the `` event `` , their labour force at the location in question increases many times in size .

Casual workers are what they use , and the short duration of each `` event `` is an important explanation of the overlap between part-time and casual working .
casual workers are what they use , and the short [length] of each `` event `` is an important explanation of the overlap between part-time and casual working .

The strategy which controls the frequency , duration and destination is usually set up on a systems availability base rather than being controlled by the quantity of data to be transferred and its `` design delay `` costs .
the strategy which controls the frequency , [length] and destination is usually set up on a systems availability base rather than being controlled by the quantity of data to be transferred and its `` design delay `` costs .

This village had been built solely for the duration of the festival , for the thousands of funeral guests who were expected to arrive on foot from the far corners of the kingdom .
this village had been built solely for the [length] of the festival , for the thousands of funeral guests who were expected to arrive on foot from the far corners of the kingdom .

We were warmly invited to stay with them for the duration of the festival , and were conducted to the top floor for a rather formal preliminary audience with Ranteallo and his elders .
we were warmly invited to stay with them for the [length] of the festival , and were conducted to the top floor for a rather formal preliminary audience with ranteallo and his elders .

Copies of directors ' service contracts of more than one year 's duration must be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office from the date of notice of the annual general meeting until the date of the meeting and must be made available for at least 15 minutes prior to and during the meeting .
copies of directors ' service contracts of more than one year 's [length] must be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office from the date of notice of the annual general meeting until the date of the meeting and must be made available for at least 15 minutes prior to and during the meeting .

Common to all models is the view that stimulation of sensory receptors sets up neural activity which outlasts the duration of the physical stimulus .
common to all models is the view that stimulation of sensory receptors sets up neural activity which outlasts the [length] of the physical stimulus .

This result she attributed to the very short duration of persistence of the icon , which meant that it had faded before the cue could be utilised to sample selectively .
this result she attributed to the very short [length] of persistence of the icon , which meant that it had faded before the cue could be utilised to sample selectively .

According to calculations carried out on her data , Cohen estimated the duration of the icon to be longer in the left ( 57 msec . )
according to calculations carried out on her data , cohen estimated the [length] of the icon to be longer in the left ( 57 msec . )

Better performance for one hemifield could be due either to a longer duration of icon , thus allowing more information to be encoded before the icon fades , or to a faster encoding rate , allowing more information to be encoded before the arrival of the masking stimulus .
better performance for one hemifield could be due either to a longer [length] of icon , thus allowing more information to be encoded before the icon fades , or to a faster encoding rate , allowing more information to be encoded before the arrival of the masking stimulus .

, therefore , any hemispheric difference in duration of the icon will be difficult to detect using the partial report technique .
, therefore , any hemispheric difference in [length] of the icon will be difficult to detect using the partial report technique .

which is less than 10 per cent of the duration of the shortest delay interval used by Marzi et al .
which is less than 10 per cent of the [length] of the shortest delay interval used by marzi et al .

These include the spatial or temporal intervals between the elements making up a display ( Kimura , 1969 ; Hines and Satz , 1971 ) , the distance of stimuli from fixation ( Bryden , 1966 ; McKeever and Gill 1972c ; Carmon and Nachson , 1973 ; Curcio , MacKavey and Rosen , 1974 ) , the spatial frequency of the stimulus ( Rao , Rourke and Whitman , 1981 ) , the directional characteristics of words and letters ( Harcum and Filion , 1963 ; Bryden , 1966 ; 1968 ; White , 1969b ) , the number of times a stimulus is presented ( Hardyck , Tzeng and Wang , 1977 ; 1978 ; Schmuller , 1980 ) , exposure duration ( Bryden , 1965 ; Gill and McKeever , 1974 ; Beaumont and Dimond , 1975 ) , stimulus size ( Pring , 1981 ; Pitblado , 1979b ) , typeface ( Bryden and Allard , 1976 ) , complexity ( Fontenot , 1973 ) and discriminability ( Patterson and Bradshaw , 1975 ) .
these include the spatial or temporal intervals between the elements making up a display ( kimura , 1969 ; hines and satz , 1971 ) , the distance of stimuli from fixation ( bryden , 1966 ; mckeever and gill 1972c ; carmon and nachson , 1973 ; curcio , mackavey and rosen , 1974 ) , the spatial frequency of the stimulus ( rao , rourke and whitman , 1981 ) , the directional characteristics of words and letters ( harcum and filion , 1963 ; bryden , 1966 ; 1968 ; white , 1969b ) , the number of times a stimulus is presented ( hardyck , tzeng and wang , 1977 ; 1978 ; schmuller , 1980 ) , exposure [length] ( bryden , 1965 ; gill and mckeever , 1974 ; beaumont and dimond , 1975 ) , stimulus size ( pring , 1981 ; pitblado , 1979b ) , typeface ( bryden and allard , 1976 ) , complexity ( fontenot , 1973 ) and discriminability ( patterson and bradshaw , 1975 ) .

At the shortest duration ( 20 msecs ) subjects were unable to identify any words , but lexical decisions were more accurate in the left than the right visual field .
at the shortest [length] ( 20 msecs ) subjects were unable to identify any words , but lexical decisions were more accurate in the left than the right visual field .

Exercise does not necessarily have to be very vigorous , but it does need to be regular , and for a significant duration .
exercise does not necessarily have to be very vigorous , but it does need to be regular , and for a significant [length] .

The course offered here comprises five weekly sessions of two hours ' duration , costs only £16 and is open to individuals or groups .
the course offered here comprises five weekly sessions of two hours ' [length] , costs only £16 and is open to individuals or groups .

In a well-known experiment , subjects were shown playing-cards for a small duration of time and asked to identify them .
in a well-known experiment , subjects were shown playing-cards for a small [length] of time and asked to identify them .

Clark and Unwin ( 1981 ) , in a study of 50 contiguous and rather remote parishes in rural Lincolnshire , found that 16 had no bus service at all and many others had a service that would not permit visits to towns of long enough duration to attend a variety of services .
clark and unwin ( 1981 ) , in a study of 50 contiguous and rather remote parishes in rural lincolnshire , found that 16 had no bus service at all and many others had a service that would not permit visits to towns of long enough [length] to attend a variety of services .

The duration of the dance circuit is strongly correlated with the distance from the hive to the food .
the [length] of the dance circuit is strongly correlated with the distance from the hive to the food .

The main drawback of such workings was that by their very nature they were of only limited duration .
the main drawback of such workings was that by their very nature they were of only limited [length] .

On 13 September 1991 a secure accommodation order was made by justices , again pursuant to the Act of 1980 and that order was of three months ' duration .
on 13 september 1991 a secure accommodation order was made by justices , again pursuant to the act of 1980 and that order was of three months ' [length] .

In the premises the duration of the order was excessive .
in the premises the [length] of the order was excessive .

At the restaurant table , there 's a full bowl of pea soup between us that will remain untasted for the duration of our meeting .
at the restaurant table , there 's a full bowl of pea soup between us that will remain untasted for the [length] of our meeting .

The duration of our youth seems to be equally divided between thinking obsessively about the penis and conducting odd little experiments with it .
the [length] of our youth seems to be equally divided between thinking obsessively about the penis and conducting odd little experiments with it .

Sixsmith lit a cigarette and held up his palm towards Alistair for the duration of a coughing fit that turned every head in the room .
sixsmith lit a cigarette and held up his palm towards alistair for the [length] of a coughing fit that turned every head in the room .

And imprisonment ensures that the offender is deprived of the opportunity to commit at least some kinds of offence for the duration .
and imprisonment ensures that the offender is deprived of the opportunity to commit at least some kinds of offence for the [length] .

Tony Bottoms ( 1983 : 176–7 ) has compared this notion to that of the ‘ sin-bin ’ in ice hockey : the player who has committed a foul is excluded ( or ‘ disqualified ’ ) from the game for a while and symbolically marked out as an offender , but after a term of fixed duration the player is allowed to rejoin the game as a full participant or ‘ requalified subject ’ .
tony bottoms ( 1983 : 176–7 ) has compared this notion to that of the ‘ sin-bin ’ in ice hockey : the player who has committed a foul is excluded ( or ‘ disqualified ’ ) from the game for a while and symbolically marked out as an offender , but after a term of fixed [length] the player is allowed to rejoin the game as a full participant or ‘ requalified subject ’ .

But for the duration of his stay aboard this vessel , you will pay only the respects due to the lieutenant 's Navy rank .
but for the [length] of his stay aboard this vessel , you will pay only the respects due to the lieutenant 's navy rank .

His own pleasure had been of shorter duration for he was very well aware that he ought somehow to have protected this trusting girl from himself .
his own pleasure had been of shorter [length] for he was very well aware that he ought somehow to have protected this trusting girl from himself .

Benefits were dependent upon past contributions , and the duration of weekly payments to individuals was limited .
benefits were dependent upon past contributions , and the [length] of weekly payments to individuals was limited .

for the duration of the case , to interview the prospective adopters , investigate the relevant circumstances and report to the court .
for the [length] of the case , to interview the prospective adopters , investigate the relevant circumstances and report to the court .

As far as Comfort knew , they had returned to the States for the duration , although in fact they had been in London for part of the time , working for the Free French , and back in France for most of the rest .
as far as comfort knew , they had returned to the states for the [length] , although in fact they had been in london for part of the time , working for the free french , and back in france for most of the rest .

They were not related to the duration of gestation .
they were not related to the [length] of gestation .

Furthermore , in the absence of data on duration of gestation , the consequences of retarded fetal growth can not be distinguished from those of premature birth .
furthermore , in the absence of data on [length] of gestation , the consequences of retarded fetal growth can not be distinguished from those of premature birth .

We have therefore followed up a group of men born before 1925 in a hospital in Sheffield where routine measurements of the baby at birth included head circumference , body length , and duration of gestation .
we have therefore followed up a group of men born before 1925 in a hospital in sheffield where routine measurements of the baby at birth included head circumference , body length , and [length] of gestation .

Cardiovascular mortality was not related to the duration of gestation except for a small increase in death rates in men born prematurely .
cardiovascular mortality was not related to the [length] of gestation except for a small increase in death rates in men born prematurely .

Birth measurements including weight , head circumference , length , and placental weight predicted blood pressure and plasma glucose , insulin , and fibrinogen concentrations independently of duration of gestation .
birth measurements including weight , head circumference , length , and placental weight predicted blood pressure and plasma glucose , insulin , and fibrinogen concentrations independently of [length] of gestation .

Our findings reveal for the first time death rates of babies born before term who survive into late adult life , although duration of gestation was recorded for only half of the men .
our findings reveal for the first time death rates of babies born before term who survive into late adult life , although [length] of gestation was recorded for only half of the men .

The duration of treatment for chronic prostatitis is more difficult , as a bacteriological aetiology is not always clear cut .
the [length] of treatment for chronic prostatitis is more difficult , as a bacteriological aetiology is not always clear cut .

Women are most likely to get a job , and particularly part-time work , via informal social networks and the importance of this successful method increases with duration of unemployment ( Erens and Hedges , 1990 ) .
women are most likely to get a job , and particularly part-time work , via informal social networks and the importance of this successful method increases with [length] of unemployment ( erens and hedges , 1990 ) .

In the past decade , employers have made increasing use of temporary and fixed-term ‘ short duration ’ contract staff .
in the past decade , employers have made increasing use of temporary and fixed-term ‘ short [length] ’ contract staff .

Two-thirds of the ‘ short duration ’ workers identified in the sample were women in non-professional categories .
two-thirds of the ‘ short [length] ’ workers identified in the sample were women in non-professional categories .

( 1988 , Chapter 6 ) address these issues , suggesting that pension rights should be jointly held by husband and wife for the duration of the marriage , allowing for a split on divorce .
( 1988 , chapter 6 ) address these issues , suggesting that pension rights should be jointly held by husband and wife for the [length] of the marriage , allowing for a split on divorce .

The length of follow up in all the studies ( median six weeks ) was short relative to the generally accepted desirable duration of treatment in this population .
the length of follow up in all the studies ( median six weeks ) was short relative to the generally accepted desirable [length] of treatment in this population .

We were concerned that some of the features of her panic attacks were atypical , particularly the short duration , prominent motor activity , and nocturnal occurrence .
we were concerned that some of the features of her panic attacks were atypical , particularly the short [length] , prominent motor activity , and nocturnal occurrence .

Twenty seven of the 29 patients have discontinued oxygen therapy ; the median duration of this treatment was 4 months ( range 0.4–20.4 ) .
twenty seven of the 29 patients have discontinued oxygen therapy ; the median [length] of this treatment was 4 months ( range 0.4–20.4 ) .

Home po 2 monitoring was undertaken in 134 patients ; in the 120 patients who have discontinued it lasted for a median duration of 5.5 months ( range 0.3–17.5 ) .
home po 2 monitoring was undertaken in 134 patients ; in the 120 patients who have discontinued it lasted for a median [length] of 5.5 months ( range 0.3–17.5 ) .

An attempt to match for the duration of the first and second stages of labour , the use of oxytocin , and the mode of delivery failed .
an attempt to match for the [length] of the first and second stages of labour , the use of oxytocin , and the mode of delivery failed .

The homogeneity of the three groups has been reported for a wide variety of preoperative variables including age , sex , type of fluid , allergy , seasonal variation , radiographic determination of the size of the adenoids and postnasal space , and duration of preoperative loss of hearing .
the homogeneity of the three groups has been reported for a wide variety of preoperative variables including age , sex , type of fluid , allergy , seasonal variation , radiographic determination of the size of the adenoids and postnasal space , and [length] of preoperative loss of hearing .

The results of the postoperative otoscopic and tympanometric assessments enabled estimation of the duration of glue ear to be made .
the results of the postoperative otoscopic and tympanometric assessments enabled estimation of the [length] of glue ear to be made .

From a questionnaire given to parents the reported duration of hearing loss preoperatively was added to the three months of observation and to the duration of the condition postoperatively to give an overall estimate .
from a questionnaire given to parents the reported [length] of hearing loss preoperatively was added to the three months of observation and to the [length] of the condition postoperatively to give an overall estimate .

duration of glue ear
[length] of glue ear

The combined adenoidectomy and ventilation tube groups had the shortest duration of glue ear .
the combined adenoidectomy and ventilation tube groups had the shortest [length] of glue ear .

By using forward stepwise Cox regression analysis , age at operation , tonsillectomy , and radiographic size of adenoids and airway were not significantly related to the duration of glue ear in either of the surgery or no surgery groups .
by using forward stepwise cox regression analysis , age at operation , tonsillectomy , and radiographic size of adenoids and airway were not significantly related to the [length] of glue ear in either of the surgery or no surgery groups .

Parental smoking , age at onset , and duration of hearing loss before operation , however , were significant and are therefore included in the models .
parental smoking , age at onset , and [length] of hearing loss before operation , however , were significant and are therefore included in the models .

Age at onset of hearing loss , sex , parental smoking , postnasal airway size measured by radiography , and duration of preoperative hearing loss were not significant .
age at onset of hearing loss , sex , parental smoking , postnasal airway size measured by radiography , and [length] of preoperative hearing loss were not significant .

The median duration of glue ear assessed otoscopically reduced from 6.1 years without surgery to 3.5 years with tubes , 3.4 years after adenoidectomy , and 2.3 years with the combination of adenoidectomy and tubes .
the median [length] of glue ear assessed otoscopically reduced from 6.1 years without surgery to 3.5 years with tubes , 3.4 years after adenoidectomy , and 2.3 years with the combination of adenoidectomy and tubes .

Because surgery reduces the postoperative duration of the fluid the earlier it is performed the shorter is the overall duration of the condition .
because surgery reduces the postoperative [length] of the fluid the earlier it is performed the shorter is the overall [length] of the condition .

Adenoidectomy will considerably reduce the overall duration of glue ear .
adenoidectomy will considerably reduce the overall [length] of glue ear .

Two patients in whom the disease was confirmed ( aged 46 and 54 at onset ; duration of illness six and four months ) were of French ancestry ( tracing back three and five generations ) .
two patients in whom the disease was confirmed ( aged 46 and 54 at onset ; [length] of illness six and four months ) were of french ancestry ( tracing back three and five generations ) .

Shortly after this point the road becomes little more than a bridle path or cart track which , however , provides an intriguing pass-walk of about 4 hours duration over the Pragel Pass to Richisau 's alpine pasture leading down to the beautiful Klontal valley in the canton of Glarus .
shortly after this point the road becomes little more than a bridle path or cart track which , however , provides an intriguing pass-walk of about 4 hours [length] over the pragel pass to richisau 's alpine pasture leading down to the beautiful klontal valley in the canton of glarus .

( 2 ) Duration of contract
( 2 ) [length] of contract

In looking at future development the service providers must address the geographic problems that can occur and also the duration of provision ( days , hours , weekends etc ) and consider whether these can best be met in a joint planning context .
in looking at future development the service providers must address the geographic problems that can occur and also the [length] of provision ( days , hours , weekends etc ) and consider whether these can best be met in a joint planning context .

Planners need to look thoroughly into transport from various points of view ; lack of provision , inappropriateness ( no tail lift , ambulances etc ) the unavailability at certain times , eg public holidays , weekends , and into the more flexible use of transport within the duration of the day .
planners need to look thoroughly into transport from various points of view ; lack of provision , inappropriateness ( no tail lift , ambulances etc ) the unavailability at certain times , eg public holidays , weekends , and into the more flexible use of transport within the [length] of the day .

Considering its longer duration of action salmeterol 50 µg twice daily could be equivalent to salbutamol in doses up to 500 µg four to six hourly .
considering its longer [length] of action salmeterol 50 µg twice daily could be equivalent to salbutamol in doses up to 500 µg four to six hourly .

The dose equivalence over 24 hours is more difficult to estimate but since salmeterol has a longer duration of action salmeterol 50 µg twice daily may be equivalent to salbutamol 500 µg four to six hourly .
the dose equivalence over 24 hours is more difficult to estimate but since salmeterol has a longer [length] of action salmeterol 50 µg twice daily may be equivalent to salbutamol 500 µg four to six hourly .

To assess whether diagnostic imaging of pyloric stenosis has made a difference in rapidity of diagnosis , duration of pre-operative hydration , and length of stay in hospital .
to assess whether diagnostic imaging of pyloric stenosis has made a difference in rapidity of diagnosis , [length] of pre-operative hydration , and length of stay in hospital .

Duration of stay
[length] of stay

Despite the increased use of imaging there was still a similar delay in recognising the condition before admission since there were no significant differences between the two periods with regard to age on admission , duration of vomiting , and state of hydration on presentation .
despite the increased use of imaging there was still a similar delay in recognising the condition before admission since there were no significant differences between the two periods with regard to age on admission , [length] of vomiting , and state of hydration on presentation .

Data on exposure to high temperatures and on transport ( such as mode , duration , distance , and refrigeration ) were obtained by means of a short questionnaire completed by the recipient on opening the package of vaccine .
data on exposure to high temperatures and on transport ( such as mode , [length] , distance , and refrigeration ) were obtained by means of a short questionnaire completed by the recipient on opening the package of vaccine .

No significant differences were found in height , weight , disease activity , duration of disease , socioeconomic class , or years since the menopause .
no significant differences were found in height , weight , disease activity , [length] of disease , socioeconomic class , or years since the menopause .

They may also include several additional items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .
they may also include several additional items of useful information : the [length] of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .

After excluding children for whom data on the continuous variables were missing 5573 ( 63.3 % ) were available for analysis of respiratory illness by birth weight and duration of pregnancy .
after excluding children for whom data on the continuous variables were missing 5573 ( 63.3 % ) were available for analysis of respiratory illness by birth weight and [length] of pregnancy .

In countries where too much moisture is more likely than too little , such as in northern Europe , steps are often taken to have portable shelters or covers available to keep parts of the site dry , and in some cases temporary structures are built to cover the whole site for the duration of the excavation .
in countries where too much moisture is more likely than too little , such as in northern europe , steps are often taken to have portable shelters or covers available to keep parts of the site dry , and in some cases temporary structures are built to cover the whole site for the [length] of the excavation .

These have dramatically altered and of course improved archaeologists ' knowledge about the duration of various episodes within pre-history , and it now seems possible that archaeology , and particularly prehistoric archaeology , will eventually have a dated historical sequence as clear as that used by historians .
these have dramatically altered and of course improved archaeologists ' knowledge about the [length] of various episodes within pre-history , and it now seems possible that archaeology , and particularly prehistoric archaeology , will eventually have a dated historical sequence as clear as that used by historians .

Thrown together for the duration of this working holiday , Ross now perceived in Minton an unavoidable ‘ degree of melancholy that was both fleeting and profound ’ .
thrown together for the [length] of this working holiday , ross now perceived in minton an unavoidable ‘ degree of melancholy that was both fleeting and profound ’ .

of relatively brief duration .
of relatively brief [length] .

On the death of a bishop , while his spiritual jurisdiction and income were administered by the dean , or prior , and chapter of the cathedral church , the temporalities of the see — as with any tenant-in-chief during a minority-reverted to the crown for the duration of the vacancy ; they were usually farmed or leased out to the profit of the crown and of the farmers who were naturally inclined to extract as much as they could from the windfall .
on the death of a bishop , while his spiritual jurisdiction and income were administered by the dean , or prior , and chapter of the cathedral church , the temporalities of the see — as with any tenant-in-chief during a minority-reverted to the crown for the [length] of the vacancy ; they were usually farmed or leased out to the profit of the crown and of the farmers who were naturally inclined to extract as much as they could from the windfall .

‘ Mortmain ' , or dead hand , refers to the fact that the church was an undying institution so that any land which it held in fee ( or freehold ) was never vacated by the death of its owner or came into the possession of a minor or an heiress ; thus it would never revert ( or escheat ) to the chief lord for the duration of the vacancy or minority , so depriving him of the valuable rights of wardship and marriage appertaining to feudal tenure .
‘ mortmain ' , or dead hand , refers to the fact that the church was an undying institution so that any land which it held in fee ( or freehold ) was never vacated by the death of its owner or came into the possession of a minor or an heiress ; thus it would never revert ( or escheat ) to the chief lord for the [length] of the vacancy or minority , so depriving him of the valuable rights of wardship and marriage appertaining to feudal tenure .

Similarly , participants in conversation have certain — no doubt highly culture-bound — assumptions about possible courses for a conversation , length and type of turn , total duration , and so on .
similarly , participants in conversation have certain — no doubt highly culture-bound — assumptions about possible courses for a conversation , length and type of turn , total [length] , and so on .

There is evidence for this both in the slowness of attitude change in response to advertising and in the long duration of memory of successful advertising .
there is evidence for this both in the slowness of attitude change in response to advertising and in the long [length] of memory of successful advertising .

Within all these media , too , there are choices to be made : choices of size , of position , of timing , frequency and duration of appearance ; choices between colour and monochrome .
within all these media , too , there are choices to be made : choices of size , of position , of timing , frequency and [length] of appearance ; choices between colour and monochrome .

Mother and Leo had been seasick for the duration of the crossing and had lain inert on deck-chairs .
mother and leo had been seasick for the [length] of the crossing and had lain inert on deck-chairs .

She was only sorry that the brief formal note which had arrived from the Palazzo granting her an interview of no more than ninety minutes ' duration had stipulated that photographs would not be permitted .
she was only sorry that the brief formal note which had arrived from the palazzo granting her an interview of no more than ninety minutes ' [length] had stipulated that photographs would not be permitted .

Virgin did , none the less , retain all rights on the Sex Pistols ' , and Sid Vicious 's , work for the full duration of the copyright laws , to be exploited as the company saw fit .
virgin did , none the less , retain all rights on the sex pistols ' , and sid vicious 's , work for the full [length] of the copyright laws , to be exploited as the company saw fit .

Lastly , it is worth pointing out that that presence in the territory of the country of establishment must be intended to be permanent , or at least of an indefinite duration , because if that were not the case there would be no distinction between establishment and the supply of services .
lastly , it is worth pointing out that that presence in the territory of the country of establishment must be intended to be permanent , or at least of an indefinite [length] , because if that were not the case there would be no distinction between establishment and the supply of services .

The agreement was clearly intended to be of short duration and could have been secured by a lease for a fixed term , say five or ten years with power for the landlord to determine before the expiry of that period for the purposes of the road widening .
the agreement was clearly intended to be of short [length] and could have been secured by a lease for a fixed term , say five or ten years with power for the landlord to determine before the expiry of that period for the purposes of the road widening .

The agreement purported to grant a term of uncertain duration which , if valid , now entitles the tenant to stay there for ever and a day at the 1930 rent of £30 ; valuers acting for both parties have agreed that the annual current commercial rent exceeds £10,000 .
the agreement purported to grant a term of uncertain [length] which , if valid , now entitles the tenant to stay there for ever and a day at the 1930 rent of £30 ; valuers acting for both parties have agreed that the annual current commercial rent exceeds £10,000 .

And therefore this estate is frequently called a term , terminus , because its duration or continuance is bounded , limited and determined : for every such estate must have a certain beginning , and certain end .
and therefore this estate is frequently called a term , terminus , because its [length] or continuance is bounded , limited and determined : for every such estate must have a certain beginning , and certain end .

‘ Normally there could be no question that this was an ordinary weekly tenancy , duly determinable by a week 's notice , but the parties in the rent-book agreed to a term which appears there expressed by the words ‘ furnished for duration , ’ which must mean the duration of the war .
‘ normally there could be no question that this was an ordinary weekly tenancy , duly determinable by a week 's notice , but the parties in the rent-book agreed to a term which appears there expressed by the words ‘ furnished for [length] , ’ which must mean the [length] of the war .

The question immediately arises whether a tenancy for the duration of the war creates a good leasehold interest .
the question immediately arises whether a tenancy for the [length] of the war creates a good leasehold interest .

The legislature concluded that it was inconvenient for leases for the duration of the war to be void and therefore by the Validation of War-time Leases Act 1944 Parliament provided , by section 1(1) , that any agreement entered into before or after the passing of the Act which purported to grant a tenancy for the duration of the war :
the legislature concluded that it was inconvenient for leases for the [length] of the war to be void and therefore by the validation of war-time leases act 1944 parliament provided , by section 1(1) , that any agreement entered into before or after the passing of the act which purported to grant a tenancy for the [length] of the war :

Parliament granted the fixed and certain term which the agreements between the parties lacked in the case of tenancies for the duration of the war and which the present agreement lacks .
parliament granted the fixed and certain term which the agreements between the parties lacked in the case of tenancies for the [length] of the war and which the present agreement lacks .

‘ Though the agreement be void by the Statute of Frauds as to the duration of the lease , it must regulate the terms on which the tenancy subsists in other respects , as to the rent , the time of year when the tenant is to quit , etc .
‘ though the agreement be void by the statute of frauds as to the [length] of the lease , it must regulate the terms on which the tenancy subsists in other respects , as to the rent , the time of year when the tenant is to quit , etc .

That case , if it was correct , would make it unnecessary for a lease to be of a certain duration .
that case , if it was correct , would make it unnecessary for a lease to be of a certain [length] .

This bizarre outcome results from the application of an ancient and technical rule of law which requires the maximum duration of a term of years to be ascertainable from the outset .
this bizarre outcome results from the application of an ancient and technical rule of law which requires the maximum [length] of a term of years to be ascertainable from the outset .

Mr. Park went on to argue that there were three phases in the operations carried out by the taxpayer , namely : ( 1 ) the pre-contract phase where business was solicited abroad , ( 2 ) the making of the contracts , and ( 3 ) the performance of the contract throughout the stipulated period of duration in the overseas country by refraining from taking action there against the sub-licensee .
mr. park went on to argue that there were three phases in the operations carried out by the taxpayer , namely : ( 1 ) the pre-contract phase where business was solicited abroad , ( 2 ) the making of the contracts , and ( 3 ) the performance of the contract throughout the stipulated period of [length] in the overseas country by refraining from taking action there against the sub-licensee .

Each of the companies pays a fee of £225,000 for a three-year period : the two-year training and preparation period and the nine-month duration of the race .
each of the companies pays a fee of £225,000 for a three-year period : the two-year training and preparation period and the nine-month [length] of the race .

Facilities for yachts are limited and in the country 's current economic turmoil visiting yachtsmen would be wise to stock up with adequate fuel and provisions to last the duration of their visit .
facilities for yachts are limited and in the country 's current economic turmoil visiting yachtsmen would be wise to stock up with adequate fuel and provisions to last the [length] of their visit .

( 7 ) The period of the suspension of a licence under this section shall be a fixed period not exceeding one year or the unexpired portion of the duration of the licence , whichever is the less , and the effect of the suspension is that the licence shall cease to have effect during the period of the suspension .
( 7 ) the period of the suspension of a licence under this section shall be a fixed period not exceeding one year or the unexpired portion of the [length] of the licence , whichever is the less , and the effect of the suspension is that the licence shall cease to have effect during the period of the suspension .

The errors are likely to be more significant during changes of pitch attitude than during manoeuvres involving roll or yaw , since in normal flight configurations the latter manoeuvres tend to be smaller in amplitude and duration than is the case with pitch changes .
the errors are likely to be more significant during changes of pitch attitude than during manoeuvres involving roll or yaw , since in normal flight configurations the latter manoeuvres tend to be smaller in amplitude and [length] than is the case with pitch changes .

’ In return for that amount , ’ y'Pripio went on , ’ we would expect you to maintain total discretion and loyalty for the duration if the contract .
’ in return for that amount , ’ y'pripio went on , ’ we would expect you to maintain total discretion and loyalty for the [length] if the contract .

The probability of a total breakdown of preceptor links , for duration that would inhibit navigation , is 84.91 against .
the probability of a total breakdown of preceptor links , for [length] that would inhibit navigation , is 84.91 against .

Her father had been in bleak despair , and Caroline had been dispatched to a childless relative for the duration of the trauma .
her father had been in bleak despair , and caroline had been dispatched to a childless relative for the [length] of the trauma .

The rest of the period saw both an increase in the popularity and duration of marriage , with life expectancies for both men and women improving and the divorce rate remaining low .
the rest of the period saw both an increase in the popularity and [length] of marriage , with life expectancies for both men and women improving and the divorce rate remaining low .

Actions taken during a smog alert to reduce emissions aim to prevent pollution levels from rising further during the duration of stagnant atmospheric conditions .
actions taken during a smog alert to reduce emissions aim to prevent pollution levels from rising further during the [length] of stagnant atmospheric conditions .

Discounting exceptions , which are few and of short duration , there is everywhere a governing class , not large in membership , which maintains itself in power partly by force and partly by the consent of the governed .
discounting exceptions , which are few and of short [length] , there is everywhere a governing class , not large in membership , which maintains itself in power partly by force and partly by the consent of the governed .

‘ You will all be segregated for the duration of the operation , ’ Legion announced to the assembled Project Eden team .
‘ you will all be segregated for the [length] of the operation , ’ legion announced to the assembled project eden team .

Keeping in mind the needs of both new and existing borrowers — throughout the duration of the mortgage — resulted in Abbey National 's runaway success in the Best Overall Lender category .
keeping in mind the needs of both new and existing borrowers — throughout the [length] of the mortgage — resulted in abbey national 's runaway success in the best overall lender category .

For the duration of a fixed period after the setting of the flags , communication becomes more frequent and more customised .
for the [length] of a fixed period after the setting of the flags , communication becomes more frequent and more customised .

According to the event , the duration of this state may last from just a few months to many years .
according to the event , the [length] of this state may last from just a few months to many years .

Valdostana whites best left to the animals , according to Gioachino , Ski West 's man on the inside and our gastro guida for the duration .
valdostana whites best left to the animals , according to gioachino , ski west 's man on the inside and our gastro guida for the [length] .

Nearly 40 per cent of the unemployed had been claiming benefit for at least 52 weeks in mid 1989 , although ‘ turnover ’ among shorter duration claimants was by then fairly rapid .
nearly 40 per cent of the unemployed had been claiming benefit for at least 52 weeks in mid 1989 , although ‘ turnover ’ among shorter [length] claimants was by then fairly rapid .

The Attlee government baulked at local government reform by boundary revision , the Local Government Boundary Commission which it had set up , proving to be of short-lived duration .
the attlee government baulked at local government reform by boundary revision , the local government boundary commission which it had set up , proving to be of short-lived [length] .

It did n't frighten her ; she merely disliked the physical act of getting on a plane and sitting there for the duration of the journey .
it did n't frighten her ; she merely disliked the physical act of getting on a plane and sitting there for the [length] of the journey .

The tremendous variety of goods in store , their packing , wrapping , and individual nature is likely to preserve the unpredictability of the duration of burning in this type of risk .
the tremendous variety of goods in store , their packing , wrapping , and individual nature is likely to preserve the unpredictability of the [length] of burning in this type of risk .

Duration of water application ( to control fire ) .
[length] of water application ( to control fire ) .

Once detection occurs , however , the effect of the zoning pulls up the overall performance in terms of duration of application and water used , both of which are almost half the 29th edition values .
once detection occurs , however , the effect of the zoning pulls up the overall performance in terms of [length] of application and water used , both of which are almost half the 29th edition values .

But , as page printers do n't all use laser technology we 'll stick with the proper term for the duration of this article .
but , as page printers do n't all use laser technology we 'll stick with the proper term for the [length] of this article .

Stoppages in the early 1960s were numerous but tended to be limited in the numbers of workers involved and in duration .
stoppages in the early 1960s were numerous but tended to be limited in the numbers of workers involved and in [length] .

Thus , we can see strikes still frequent , but becoming larger in size and longer in duration .
thus , we can see strikes still frequent , but becoming larger in size and longer in [length] .

It is also important to consider the function and duration of committees so that the following categories may be defined :
it is also important to consider the function and [length] of committees so that the following categories may be defined :

This is the type of work which has long term duration , carrying the associated industries through peaks and troughs of consumer demand and varying world trends , and was the back-bone of the industrial stability we enjoyed in the past .
this is the type of work which has long term [length] , carrying the associated industries through peaks and troughs of consumer demand and varying world trends , and was the back-bone of the industrial stability we enjoyed in the past .

In October 1658 he advertised his pendulum-regulated clocks , including those of month and year duration , being ‘ the first that were in England ’ , which were offered for sale from his house at Mosses Alley , Southwark , and at the Mermaid in Lothbury , the home of his son-in-law , Thomas Loomes .
in october 1658 he advertised his pendulum-regulated clocks , including those of month and year [length] , being ‘ the first that were in england ’ , which were offered for sale from his house at mosses alley , southwark , and at the mermaid in lothbury , the home of his son-in-law , thomas loomes .

In this work of at least twenty years ' duration Cregeen was encouraged and assisted by the Revd John Edward Harrison ( 1784–1858 ) , vicar of Jurby , whose hand has been detected in the preface and the opening paragraphs of the grammar .
in this work of at least twenty years ' [length] cregeen was encouraged and assisted by the revd john edward harrison ( 1784–1858 ) , vicar of jurby , whose hand has been detected in the preface and the opening paragraphs of the grammar .

During three weeks ' leave in England he resigned his Trinity scholarship and made a conscious decision to return to Spain for the duration of the war .
during three weeks ' leave in england he resigned his trinity scholarship and made a conscious decision to return to spain for the [length] of the war .

Even with the modern partnership , no very satisfactory solution to this problem has been found , and the most one can say is that the partners have an equitable interest , often described as a lien , which floats over the partnership assets throughout the duration of the firm , although it crystallises only on dissolution .
even with the modern partnership , no very satisfactory solution to this problem has been found , and the most one can say is that the partners have an equitable interest , often described as a lien , which floats over the partnership assets throughout the [length] of the firm , although it crystallises only on dissolution .

The procedure in a debentureholders ' action is lamentably expensive and dilatory , since the receiver , as an officer of the court , will have to work under its closest supervision and constant applications will have to be made in chambers throughout the duration of the receivership , which may last years if a complicated realisation is involved .
the procedure in a debentureholders ' action is lamentably expensive and dilatory , since the receiver , as an officer of the court , will have to work under its closest supervision and constant applications will have to be made in chambers throughout the [length] of the receivership , which may last years if a complicated realisation is involved .

The grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum duration or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .
the grounds upon which the powers to impose conditions may be exercised are very similar to those which are available in relation to processions ; section 14 provides that if the senior police officer believes that a public assembly may result in serious public disorder , serious damage to property or serious disruption to the life of the community , or that the purposes of the persons organising it is to intimidate others with a view to compelling them not to do an act they have a right to do , or to do an act they have a right not to do , he may impose conditions as to the place of the assembly , its maximum [length] or the maximum number of persons who may constitute it as may appear to him necessary to prevent the disorder , damage , disruption or intimidation .

In many of Morton 's experiments , priming effects of much longer duration were observed : there can be as much as half an hour between the primer and primed , or sometimes a day or more ( Scarborough , Cortese and Scarborough , 1977 ) .
in many of morton 's experiments , priming effects of much longer [length] were observed : there can be as much as half an hour between the primer and primed , or sometimes a day or more ( scarborough , cortese and scarborough , 1977 ) .

Jimmy Carter was a prime example of a little-known person capturing the permanent party organization in 1976 for at least the duration of the election .
jimmy carter was a prime example of a little-known person capturing the permanent party organization in 1976 for at least the [length] of the election .

Continuous time means that observation is unceasing , such as a continuous record of river discharge ; quantized time is when imaginary sections are used to subdivide time , as when precipitation amounts are measured daily or weekly ; discrete time is when interest focuses upon time duration and frequency of events per unit of time ; and sampled time is when observations can only be made at particular periods , such as weekly measurements of plant growth .
continuous time means that observation is unceasing , such as a continuous record of river discharge ; quantized time is when imaginary sections are used to subdivide time , as when precipitation amounts are measured daily or weekly ; discrete time is when interest focuses upon time [length] and frequency of events per unit of time ; and sampled time is when observations can only be made at particular periods , such as weekly measurements of plant growth .

Whichever heading is appropriate it is necessary to appreciate the significance of events which may occur beyond the period of normal measurement during the duration of a research programme .
whichever heading is appropriate it is necessary to appreciate the significance of events which may occur beyond the period of normal measurement during the [length] of a research programme .

The time may be limited by the proximity of another shore from which the wind is blowing or by the duration of the wind .
the time may be limited by the proximity of another shore from which the wind is blowing or by the [length] of the wind .

As an example Russell and Macmillan ( 1952 ) quote the fact that with a westerly gale of twelve hours ' duration in the Atlantic the size of the waves reaching Cornwall would be limited by the time and not by the fetch , i.e .
as an example russell and macmillan ( 1952 ) quote the fact that with a westerly gale of twelve hours ' [length] in the atlantic the size of the waves reaching cornwall would be limited by the time and not by the fetch , i.e .

Similarly , the interglacial periods have not been of the same duration and have presumably not resulted in equal melting of the ice .
similarly , the interglacial periods have not been of the same [length] and have presumably not resulted in equal melting of the ice .

Although these floods , which have been termed streamfloods by Davis , are rare and of short duration , the amount of work of which they are capable is enormous .
although these floods , which have been termed streamfloods by davis , are rare and of short [length] , the amount of work of which they are capable is enormous .

Subsequent experiments tested the effect of rest periods , the duration of work and the use of a payment by piece-work system .
subsequent experiments tested the effect of rest periods , the [length] of work and the use of a payment by piece-work system .

This is perhaps the result of a deliberately indifferent attitude by the composer , who says that the piece can be played by most instruments as a solo , or by groups of instruments as ensembles ; that the general tempo can be between = 42 and 132 , the duration between four and twelve minutes ; and that the ordering of different melodic strands can be quite haphazard .
this is perhaps the result of a deliberately indifferent attitude by the composer , who says that the piece can be played by most instruments as a solo , or by groups of instruments as ensembles ; that the general tempo can be between = 42 and 132 , the [length] between four and twelve minutes ; and that the ordering of different melodic strands can be quite haphazard .

Conversely , less important words should be lower in pitch , relatively short in duration , given weaker dynamic values and placed in subordinate positions in a rhythmic design .
conversely , less important words should be lower in pitch , relatively short in [length] , given weaker dynamic values and placed in subordinate positions in a rhythmic design .

If our style is reserved and peaceful , a gentle climax is enough , but if we are forceful and aggressive , it has to have much more duration , body , and weight .
if our style is reserved and peaceful , a gentle climax is enough , but if we are forceful and aggressive , it has to have much more [length] , body , and weight .

In Example 61 , from Dallapiccola 's Cinque canti , the accompaniment is formed of metrical canons based on the proportions 1:1:2 and the retrograde 2:1:1 , with various basic duration values : Though the words are fervent , the accompaniment has an aloof , abstract quality which does little to create a defined background atmosphere .
in example 61 , from dallapiccola 's cinque canti , the accompaniment is formed of metrical canons based on the proportions 1:1:2 and the retrograde 2:1:1 , with various basic [length] values : though the words are fervent , the accompaniment has an aloof , abstract quality which does little to create a defined background atmosphere .

For instance , one could have a form in which special interludes have a natural place such as : There are of course many variants of such schemes , suitable for use in single-movement works of 20-minute duration down to short movements of only a few minutes .
for instance , one could have a form in which special interludes have a natural place such as : there are of course many variants of such schemes , suitable for use in single-movement works of 20-minute [length] down to short movements of only a few minutes .

This relationship lasts for the duration of the Course , unless either party seeks a change .
this relationship lasts for the [length] of the course , unless either party seeks a change .

Existence of many modules which are similar in duration and assessment pattern enables ready comparison within and between fields .
existence of many modules which are similar in [length] and assessment pattern enables ready comparison within and between fields .

For the duration of the mela as many as twenty pilgrim trains a day , each carrying a thousand passengers , might be brought into Allahabad in addition to the normal traffic .
for the [length] of the mela as many as twenty pilgrim trains a day , each carrying a thousand passengers , might be brought into allahabad in addition to the normal traffic .

Duration of onset was recorded in a sub-group , and showed Asians had a shorter duration than both other groups , but particularly when compared with Afro-Caribbeans .
[length] of onset was recorded in a sub-group , and showed asians had a shorter [length] than both other groups , but particularly when compared with afro-caribbeans .

The Northwick Park study drew attention to a relationship between duration of untreated illness before first admissions and the probability of relapse ( Macmillan et al .
the northwick park study drew attention to a relationship between [length] of untreated illness before first admissions and the probability of relapse ( macmillan et al .

The argument turned out to be of longer duration than normal , and Lucien practised with Jeopardy for seven consecutive days .
the argument turned out to be of longer [length] than normal , and lucien practised with jeopardy for seven consecutive days .

The cacophony within the house seemed to last for several minutes , but was perhaps only of seconds ' duration .
the cacophony within the house seemed to last for several minutes , but was perhaps only of seconds ' [length] .

They walked across the square together , to the little hall which was to be Wycliffe 's base for the duration of the case .
they walked across the square together , to the little hall which was to be wycliffe 's base for the [length] of the case .

Project duration is 16 months and completion is due at the beginning of August 1994 .
project [length] is 16 months and completion is due at the beginning of august 1994 .

This year , the tests start in September and the Unit 's office in Johnston Terrace will once again turn into a medical surgery for the duration of the programme .
this year , the tests start in september and the unit 's office in johnston terrace will once again turn into a medical surgery for the [length] of the programme .

However , in general terms , ‘ reasonable force ’ involves the notions of degree and duration .
however , in general terms , ‘ reasonable force ’ involves the notions of degree and [length] .

Interest rates can now be fixed for the duration of Fixed Term Accounts .
interest rates can now be fixed for the [length] of fixed term accounts .

At least three years appropriate full-time employment within the industry and successful completion of a vocationally relevant course of one year 's full-time duration or part-time over 2 years .
at least three years appropriate full-time employment within the industry and successful completion of a vocationally relevant course of one year 's full-time [length] or part-time over 2 years .

All of the first year graduate students in human geography in these universities are expected to participate in two intensive residential courses of approximately one week 's duration each .
all of the first year graduate students in human geography in these universities are expected to participate in two intensive residential courses of approximately one week 's [length] each .

He said that the agreement was on its face unduly restrictive having regard to : ( a ) its likely duration ; ( b ) the publishers ' right to assign copyright in songs which they had acquired in full under the agreement , so that it could not be argued that they would be unlikely to act oppressively and so damage their goodwill ; ( c ) the fact that the publishers were not bound to publish or promote the songwriter 's work if they chose not to do so , so that he might earn nothing , and his talents be sterilised , contrary to the public interest ; and ( d ) the absence of any provision entitling the songwriter to terminate the agreement .
he said that the agreement was on its face unduly restrictive having regard to : ( a ) its likely [length] ; ( b ) the publishers ' right to assign copyright in songs which they had acquired in full under the agreement , so that it could not be argued that they would be unlikely to act oppressively and so damage their goodwill ; ( c ) the fact that the publishers were not bound to publish or promote the songwriter 's work if they chose not to do so , so that he might earn nothing , and his talents be sterilised , contrary to the public interest ; and ( d ) the absence of any provision entitling the songwriter to terminate the agreement .

( c ) Is the duration of the restraint reasonable ?
( c ) is the [length] of the restraint reasonable ?

The duration and nature of this disability has been the subject of comment in subsequent cases .
the [length] and nature of this disability has been the subject of comment in subsequent cases .

In practice the question of the duration of the disability imposed by the springboard doctrine does not frequently arise because most cases concerning confidential information do not come to trial following the grant of an interlocutory injunction and it can therefore be assumed that either the parties settle the action or that interlocutory judgment is treated as final .
in practice the question of the [length] of the disability imposed by the springboard doctrine does not frequently arise because most cases concerning confidential information do not come to trial following the grant of an interlocutory injunction and it can therefore be assumed that either the parties settle the action or that interlocutory judgment is treated as final .

1.1 Duty not to compete within the duration of the employment contract This aspect of the duty of fidelity requires the employee not to work for any person who is or who might be in competition with his employer during the working day .
1.1 duty not to compete within the [length] of the employment contract this aspect of the duty of fidelity requires the employee not to work for any person who is or who might be in competition with his employer during the working day .

The fact that we find fewer performance errors after scene six , coupled with a lesser tendency to talk at length , suggests that he has been shocked out of his absent-mindedness and emerges , at least for the rest of the play 's duration , as a more direct speaker .
the fact that we find fewer performance errors after scene six , coupled with a lesser tendency to talk at length , suggests that he has been shocked out of his absent-mindedness and emerges , at least for the rest of the play 's [length] , as a more direct speaker .

It also has power to extend the duration of any order pending appeal made by a lower court but not beyond the appeal period as defined in s40 .
it also has power to extend the [length] of any order pending appeal made by a lower court but not beyond the appeal period as defined in s40 .

When fixing the duration of an order the court should consider whether any party who was , or might have been , opposed to the order was in a position to argue his case properly ( s38 ( 10 ) ) .
when fixing the [length] of an order the court should consider whether any party who was , or might have been , opposed to the order was in a position to argue his case properly ( s38 ( 10 ) ) .

An `` interim `` residence order may be a satisfactory alternative to care where a relative or friend is able to offer the child a home for the duration of the proceedings .
an `` interim `` residence order may be a satisfactory alternative to care where a relative or friend is able to offer the child a home for the [length] of the proceedings .

Duration and extension of orders
[length] and extension of orders

The time taken for development from infection until mature adult parasites are producing eggs or larvae is known as the prepatent period and this is of known duration for each nematode species .
the time taken for development from infection until mature adult parasites are producing eggs or larvae is known as the prepatent period and this is of known [length] for each nematode species .

The prepatent period is between 4-6 weeks , and the duration of patency is about four months , though some worms may survive i the lungs for several years despite the absence of larvae in the faeces .
the prepatent period is between 4-6 weeks , and the [length] of patency is about four months , though some worms may survive i the lungs for several years despite the absence of larvae in the faeces .

And quite clearly , at least for the duration of that weekend , there had been no sexual activity between himself and his fiancée .
and quite clearly , at least for the [length] of that weekend , there had been no sexual activity between himself and his fiancée .

The typical duration that it spends in either mode is very long compared with the source period .
the typical [length] that it spends in either mode is very long compared with the source period .

So the players belong to the same club for the duration .
so the players belong to the same club for the [length] .

If he did , he was in an enviable position to play cat and mouse with her for the duration of their stay .
if he did , he was in an enviable position to play cat and mouse with her for the [length] of their stay .

Should she join the group of young vets who had qualified with her two years ago or should she go straight back to her godmother 's house , where she was staying for the duration of this annual veterinary congress ?
should she join the group of young vets who had qualified with her two years ago or should she go straight back to her godmother 's house , where she was staying for the [length] of this annual veterinary congress ?

The resulting detailed palaeomagnetic record showed that during the past 4 Ma the average duration of ‘ normal ’ fields ( like the present one ) had been about 420 ka and that of ‘ reversed ’ fields a little longer ( about 480 ka ) .
the resulting detailed palaeomagnetic record showed that during the past 4 ma the average [length] of ‘ normal ’ fields ( like the present one ) had been about 420 ka and that of ‘ reversed ’ fields a little longer ( about 480 ka ) .

Subsequently the widths of the linear magnetic zones were related to the duration of each successive epoch of normal and reversed polarity on the assumption that the ocean floor spreads at a constant rate away from mid-oceanic ridges .
subsequently the widths of the linear magnetic zones were related to the [length] of each successive epoch of normal and reversed polarity on the assumption that the ocean floor spreads at a constant rate away from mid-oceanic ridges .

For example , the classification given will relate this document to its virtual folder and series , its retention grouping , allow reference to the provisional duration of different phases of the life cycle , who has what access with what rights , authorship , organisational ownership , information architecture key , and potential archival status ( to name but a selection ! )
for example , the classification given will relate this document to its virtual folder and series , its retention grouping , allow reference to the provisional [length] of different phases of the life cycle , who has what access with what rights , authorship , organisational ownership , information architecture key , and potential archival status ( to name but a selection ! )

Duration and renewal of default and fixed date summonses
[length] and renewal of default and fixed date summonses

Protection is given for the duration of the term , which must be for at least six months , with prior prescribed notice .
protection is given for the [length] of the term , which must be for at least six months , with prior prescribed notice .

Section 33(3) requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case and in particular to : ( a ) the length of , and the reasons for , the delay on the part of the plaintiff ; ( b ) the extent to which , having regard to the delay , the evidence adduced or likely to be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant is or is likely to be less cogent than if the action had been brought within the time allowed by s11 or ( as the case may be ) by s12 ; ( c ) the conduct of the defendant after the cause of action arose , including the extent ( if any ) to which he responded to requests reasonably made by the plaintiff for information or inspection for the purpose of ascertaining facts which were or might be relevant to the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant ; ( d ) the duration of any disability of the plaintiff arising after the date of the accrual of the cause of action ; ( e ) the extent to which the plaintiff acted promptly and reasonably once he knew whether or not the act or omission of the defendant , to which the injury was attributable , might be capable at that time of giving rise to an action for damages ; ( f ) the steps , if any , taken by the plaintiff to obtain medical , legal or other expert advice and the nature of any such advice he may have received .
section 33(3) requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case and in particular to : ( a ) the length of , and the reasons for , the delay on the part of the plaintiff ; ( b ) the extent to which , having regard to the delay , the evidence adduced or likely to be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant is or is likely to be less cogent than if the action had been brought within the time allowed by s11 or ( as the case may be ) by s12 ; ( c ) the conduct of the defendant after the cause of action arose , including the extent ( if any ) to which he responded to requests reasonably made by the plaintiff for information or inspection for the purpose of ascertaining facts which were or might be relevant to the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant ; ( d ) the [length] of any disability of the plaintiff arising after the date of the accrual of the cause of action ; ( e ) the extent to which the plaintiff acted promptly and reasonably once he knew whether or not the act or omission of the defendant , to which the injury was attributable , might be capable at that time of giving rise to an action for damages ; ( f ) the steps , if any , taken by the plaintiff to obtain medical , legal or other expert advice and the nature of any such advice he may have received .

In the absence of a firm formula , the parties will either tie themselves to a fixed price for the duration of the agreement ( which is clearly usually undesirable ) or else have to provide an agreement with a shorter duration , but with an option of renewal if new prices can be agreed .
in the absence of a firm formula , the parties will either tie themselves to a fixed price for the [length] of the agreement ( which is clearly usually undesirable ) or else have to provide an agreement with a shorter [length] , but with an option of renewal if new prices can be agreed .

( d ) Apportionment of liability and its duration The liability of partners for acts and omissions for which their firm is legally responsible is prima facie unlimited .
( d ) apportionment of liability and its [length] the liability of partners for acts and omissions for which their firm is legally responsible is prima facie unlimited .

s26 ( 1 ) Where no fixed term has been agreed upon for the duration of the partnership , any partner may determine the partnership at any time on giving notice of his intention so to do to all the other partners .
s26 ( 1 ) where no fixed term has been agreed upon for the [length] of the partnership , any partner may determine the partnership at any time on giving notice of his intention so to do to all the other partners .

It will be recalled from Chapter 3 that the Partnership Act provides that where no definite duration is set for the partnership any partner may `` retire `` by giving his co-partners notice , whereupon in the absence of any contrary agreement the firm is dissolved .
it will be recalled from chapter 3 that the partnership act provides that where no definite [length] is set for the partnership any partner may `` retire `` by giving his co-partners notice , whereupon in the absence of any contrary agreement the firm is dissolved .

The norm for the duration of commercial leases has for many years been twenty-five years .
the norm for the [length] of commercial leases has for many years been twenty-five years .

( a ) Duration of tenancy The duration of a new tenancy granted under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 is to be such term as is reasonable in all the circumstances ( Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 , s33 ) .
( a ) [length] of tenancy the [length] of a new tenancy granted under the landlord and tenant act 1954 is to be such term as is reasonable in all the circumstances ( landlord and tenant act 1954 , s33 ) .

However , despite being framed as a negative provision , the House of Lords held that the clause was unenforceable as it lacked certainty in that it was not for a fixed period of duration .
however , despite being framed as a negative provision , the house of lords held that the clause was unenforceable as it lacked certainty in that it was not for a fixed period of [length] .

The duration of the exclusivity period should first be clearly defined .
the [length] of the exclusivity period should first be clearly defined .

The main areas to be considered in determining reasonableness tend to be the restrictions on business activities , the territorial extent of the restrictions and the duration of the restrictions .
the main areas to be considered in determining reasonableness tend to be the restrictions on business activities , the territorial extent of the restrictions and the [length] of the restrictions .

As to the duration of the restrictions , what constitutes a reasonable period depends largely on the nature of the business sold .
as to the [length] of the restrictions , what constitutes a reasonable period depends largely on the nature of the business sold .

It is common to take account of the duration of customer contracts and to allow the purchaser a period that extends beyond the contract renewal point .
it is common to take account of the [length] of customer contracts and to allow the purchaser a period that extends beyond the contract renewal point .

If the sonar device is measuring the distance of targets by measuring the duration of silence between the emission of a sound and its returning echo — the method which Rousettus , indeed , seems to be using — the sounds would seem to have to be very brief , staccato pulses .
if the sonar device is measuring the distance of targets by measuring the [length] of silence between the emission of a sound and its returning echo — the method which rousettus , indeed , seems to be using — the sounds would seem to have to be very brief , staccato pulses .

The thing about forays is that their duration can vary continuously , all the way down to zero .
the thing about forays is that their [length] can vary continuously , all the way down to zero .

Of all these aspects , the issue for which agreement has been reached most frequently was the use of VDUs — both in their design and installation , and the duration of operation .
of all these aspects , the issue for which agreement has been reached most frequently was the use of vdus — both in their design and installation , and the [length] of operation .

Such vast periods of time baffle the imagination , but we can form some idea of the relative duration of the major phases of the history of life if we compare the entire span , from these first beginnings until today , with one year .
such vast periods of time baffle the imagination , but we can form some idea of the relative [length] of the major phases of the history of life if we compare the entire span , from these first beginnings until today , with one year .

Counting those in the bristle-cone pine establishes that some of these gnarled and twisted trees germinated over five thousand years ago at a time when man in the Middle East was just beginning to invent writing , and have remained alive throughout the entire duration of civilisation .
counting those in the bristle-cone pine establishes that some of these gnarled and twisted trees germinated over five thousand years ago at a time when man in the middle east was just beginning to invent writing , and have remained alive throughout the entire [length] of civilisation .

Once a minister in the main Baldwin Government , you were there , and in the same office , for the duration .
once a minister in the main baldwin government , you were there , and in the same office , for the [length] .

If they are in a minority , then let them at least refrain from throwing difficulties in the way of those who have undertaken an almost superhuman task , on the successful fulfilment of which depends the well being , the prosperity and the duration of the whole British Empire .
if they are in a minority , then let them at least refrain from throwing difficulties in the way of those who have undertaken an almost superhuman task , on the successful fulfilment of which depends the well being , the prosperity and the [length] of the whole british empire .

The Commission refused to characterise the demilitarisation as an international servitude , but held that a territorial arrangement made in the general European public interest and intended to be of long duration , would have this objective effect .
the commission refused to characterise the demilitarisation as an international servitude , but held that a territorial arrangement made in the general european public interest and intended to be of long [length] , would have this objective effect .

He introduced them to Mobuto then went on to explain that one of them would always be at his side for the duration of his visit .
he introduced them to mobuto then went on to explain that one of them would always be at his side for the [length] of his visit .

The convoy , led by a police car and two police motorcycles , made its way through Long Island City , across the Queensboro Bridge into Manhattan then down First Avenue to the United Nations Plaza , the hotel where the Zimbalan delegation would stay for the duration of their three-day visit to New York .
the convoy , led by a police car and two police motorcycles , made its way through long island city , across the queensboro bridge into manhattan then down first avenue to the united nations plaza , the hotel where the zimbalan delegation would stay for the [length] of their three-day visit to new york .

It really is a case of horses for courses , and is further complicated by the duration of some woodworking operations , such as power sanding .
it really is a case of horses for courses , and is further complicated by the [length] of some woodworking operations , such as power sanding .

The duration of labour varies .
the [length] of labour varies .

Not many couples will enter into a marital or quasi-marital Partnership with specific reservations as to its duration but for most there is at least an awareness of the Possibility of its breakdown .
not many couples will enter into a marital or quasi-marital partnership with specific reservations as to its [length] but for most there is at least an awareness of the possibility of its breakdown .

Some 100 000 people were housed for the duration of the war in remote and unpleasant camps in the desert areas of eastern California and Arkansas .
some 100 000 people were housed for the [length] of the war in remote and unpleasant camps in the desert areas of eastern california and arkansas .

Air France gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by providing a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .
air france gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the [length] of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by providing a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .

( e ) ( 33 ) Adverbs of time include not only adverbs of " time when " such as then , but adverbs of duration and frequency such as always .
( e ) ( 33 ) adverbs of time include not only adverbs of " time when " such as then , but adverbs of [length] and frequency such as always .

By this time too there were economies in staff and publications because of the war : Gleanings and Memoranda , the Constitutional Year Book and other semi-partisan pieces of literature were suspended in 1917 for the duration .
by this time too there were economies in staff and publications because of the war : gleanings and memoranda , the constitutional year book and other semi-partisan pieces of literature were suspended in 1917 for the [length] .

With the approaching end of war in 1918 coalition became more positive because the coalition now had to deal with the issues that had been put aside for the duration , and more controversial because this pushed some Unionists into outright opposition .
with the approaching end of war in 1918 coalition became more positive because the coalition now had to deal with the issues that had been put aside for the [length] , and more controversial because this pushed some unionists into outright opposition .

Unlike our special Megatape version , Touchdown 's will allow you to save tournaments to tape and play matches of a longer duration .
unlike our special megatape version , touchdown 's will allow you to save tournaments to tape and play matches of a longer [length] .

It is a fitting tribute to Evans , whose centenary of starting work at Knossos will fall during the project 's duration .
it is a fitting tribute to evans , whose centenary of starting work at knossos will fall during the project 's [length] .

Additional routes on which your pass is valid will start in 1992 including a special Rembrandt cruise running for the duration of the Rembrandt Exhibition ( 1st January-1st March 1992 ) .
additional routes on which your pass is valid will start in 1992 including a special rembrandt cruise running for the [length] of the rembrandt exhibition ( 1st january-1st march 1992 ) .

( Departs every half hour — duration 17 minutes ) .
( departs every half hour — [length] 17 minutes ) .

Holiday duration .
holiday [length] .

Our cycle holidays all include cycle hire for the duration of your holiday .
our cycle holidays all include cycle hire for the [length] of your holiday .

Bicycle hire for the duration of your stay with pedal brakes & small luggage basket/rack .
bicycle hire for the [length] of your stay with pedal brakes & small luggage basket/rack .

The exclusive Amsterdam Travel Service Cycle Route booklet specially compiled with a variety of routes of differing duration covering the region 's most interesting and beautiful places .
the exclusive amsterdam travel service cycle route booklet specially compiled with a variety of routes of differing [length] covering the region 's most interesting and beautiful places .

Simply choose your departure airport , decide on the duration of your holiday and grade of accommodation and find the price on pages 8 and 9 .
simply choose your departure airport , decide on the [length] of your holiday and grade of accommodation and find the price on pages 8 and 9 .

Galerie Didier Imbert , just off the Rond-Point on avenue Matignon , is putting on an exhibition of fifty Botero pastels , watercolours and drawings and twenty sculptures for the same duration as the open air show down the road .
galerie didier imbert , just off the rond-point on avenue matignon , is putting on an exhibition of fifty botero pastels , watercolours and drawings and twenty sculptures for the same [length] as the open air show down the road .

Death rates increase approximately in proportion to the duration of smoking : doubling the duration of smoking from 10 to 20 years increases the incidence of lung cancer 16 times if daily cigarette consumption remains constant [ 2 ] .
death rates increase approximately in proportion to the [length] of smoking : doubling the [length] of smoking from 10 to 20 years increases the incidence of lung cancer 16 times if daily cigarette consumption remains constant [ 2 ] .

The amount of tar in cigarettes is also important but less so than the number smoked or duration of smoking .
the amount of tar in cigarettes is also important but less so than the number smoked or [length] of smoking .

Epidemiological studies have established that cigarette smoking is a risk factor for cancer of the uterine cervix and that the risk increases with duration of smoking .
epidemiological studies have established that cigarette smoking is a risk factor for cancer of the uterine cervix and that the risk increases with [length] of smoking .

Epidemiological studies have established that cigarette smoking is a risk factor for cancer of the uterine cervix and there is evidence that the risk increases with duration of smoking .
epidemiological studies have established that cigarette smoking is a risk factor for cancer of the uterine cervix and there is evidence that the risk increases with [length] of smoking .

The European Court also decided in favour of two Spanish and British foreign language tutors at the University of Venice , who had been denied contracts of indefinite duration on the grounds that the posts were in the public service and that they were not Italians .
the european court also decided in favour of two spanish and british foreign language tutors at the university of venice , who had been denied contracts of indefinite [length] on the grounds that the posts were in the public service and that they were not italians .

The duration of copyright may be extended across the European Community to a uniform seventy years from the year of death of the artist or author .
the [length] of copyright may be extended across the european community to a uniform seventy years from the year of death of the artist or author .

Germany , on the other hand , has a number of different duration periods .
germany , on the other hand , has a number of different [length] periods .

Your question is really a question regarding the duration of the present recession which with the exception of our economic astrologers nobody can answer at present .
your question is really a question regarding the [length] of the present recession which with the exception of our economic astrologers nobody can answer at present .

All men fought ; all men in England had been to India for the duration of the last war , leaving behind them a country of women .
all men fought ; all men in england had been to india for the [length] of the last war , leaving behind them a country of women .

Some mature students with children or families , already occupying council accommodation elsewhere , may wish to explore the possibility of council-property exchange through their local authority , for the duration of their course , or permanently .
some mature students with children or families , already occupying council accommodation elsewhere , may wish to explore the possibility of council-property exchange through their local authority , for the [length] of their course , or permanently .

Many landlords try to get round the law by letting under one of these headings because of the degree of control they can exercise over the duration of the tenancy and over individual tenants .
many landlords try to get round the law by letting under one of these headings because of the degree of control they can exercise over the [length] of the tenancy and over individual tenants .

As soon as the exam begins , check the instructions at the top of the paper to make sure that the format and duration of the exam have not been changed .
as soon as the exam begins , check the instructions at the top of the paper to make sure that the format and [length] of the exam have not been changed .

The duration of the treatment can not be foretold but it is sure to be long .
the [length] of the treatment can not be foretold but it is sure to be long .

3 hours duration
3 hours [length]

Other side-effects are associated with physical dependence and withdrawal , and vary considerably depending on the dosage given and the duration of time the drug has been administered .
other side-effects are associated with physical dependence and withdrawal , and vary considerably depending on the dosage given and the [length] of time the drug has been administered .

Studies to determine the effects of increased cardiac output on uterine bloodflow are ethically difficult and not performed , but ( Barton et al , 1974 ) showed that in pregnant sheep the uterine vessels constrict in response to circulating norepinephrine and epinephrine , while animal studies have shown that plasma catecholamines increase during exercise in response to the intensity and duration of the exercise .
studies to determine the effects of increased cardiac output on uterine bloodflow are ethically difficult and not performed , but ( barton et al , 1974 ) showed that in pregnant sheep the uterine vessels constrict in response to circulating norepinephrine and epinephrine , while animal studies have shown that plasma catecholamines increase during exercise in response to the intensity and [length] of the exercise .

Duration of present ulcer
[length] of present ulcer

Among the ‘ desloughing agents ’ used , Eusol and paraffin was mentioned five times , but only on ulcers of more than five years duration .
among the ‘ desloughing agents ’ used , eusol and paraffin was mentioned five times , but only on ulcers of more than five years [length] .

The rate of interest we charge will be linked to Midland Bank Base Rate , and will be determined by the size and likely duration of the overdraft and whether or not security is something your Midland manager will discuss when arranging your overdraft .
the rate of interest we charge will be linked to midland bank base rate , and will be determined by the size and likely [length] of the overdraft and whether or not security is something your midland manager will discuss when arranging your overdraft .

The wood in the barn was soaked and we stood there in our dripping combat jackets close to despair ; we had been made to wear our helmets for the duration , and the oversized tin hats kept slipping over our faces , as we scrambled in the mud taking the wood to where the petulant staff were demanding hot coffee .
the wood in the barn was soaked and we stood there in our dripping combat jackets close to despair ; we had been made to wear our helmets for the [length] , and the oversized tin hats kept slipping over our faces , as we scrambled in the mud taking the wood to where the petulant staff were demanding hot coffee .

Because the sun 's rotation drove the planets around , the whole system would have come to a gentle halt for the duration of the miracle .
because the sun 's rotation drove the planets around , the whole system would have come to a gentle halt for the [length] of the miracle .

That all thoughts of penal reform had not been completely shelved for the duration of hostilities was shown by a written answer to a Parliamentary Question addressed to the Home Secretary in April 1944 . Asked whether he would consider re-introducing the pre-war Criminal Justice Bill , Herbert Morrison replied :
that all thoughts of penal reform had not been completely shelved for the [length] of hostilities was shown by a written answer to a parliamentary question addressed to the home secretary in april 1944 . asked whether he would consider re-introducing the pre-war criminal justice bill , herbert morrison replied :

The early release of prisoners serving long sentences of determinate duration was supported , although in the same way as the Longford report to the Labour Party eighteen months before , the policy group added a proviso that the Home Secretary should in all cases consult an advisory body before doing so .
the early release of prisoners serving long sentences of determinate [length] was supported , although in the same way as the longford report to the labour party eighteen months before , the policy group added a proviso that the home secretary should in all cases consult an advisory body before doing so .

Another item added is the duration of one dose , very useful to avoid over treatment .
another item added is the [length] of one dose , very useful to avoid over treatment .

The further assumption of public choice theory , that states are rational actors and interact rationally with each other , has led many scholars in this field to follow the lead of the economists — who in turn were following the mathematicians — to use game theory and to make limiting assumptions about the nature and duration of the game .
the further assumption of public choice theory , that states are rational actors and interact rationally with each other , has led many scholars in this field to follow the lead of the economists — who in turn were following the mathematicians — to use game theory and to make limiting assumptions about the nature and [length] of the game .

For us the fertilizer business has been a good business , in many parts of the world over many years , and even its downturns have been of fairly limited duration .
for us the fertilizer business has been a good business , in many parts of the world over many years , and even its downturns have been of fairly limited [length] .

We are confident that the programme should continue to permit a full evaluation of the issues raised by screening newborn males for Duchenne muscular dystrophy and hope to extend its duration so that the perspectives of the families may be assessed as the boys develop symptoms and signs of muscular weakness .
we are confident that the programme should continue to permit a full evaluation of the issues raised by screening newborn males for duchenne muscular dystrophy and hope to extend its [length] so that the perspectives of the families may be assessed as the boys develop symptoms and signs of muscular weakness .

In the case of very low birthweight infants , two trials showed reductions in incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia and respiratory infection and of duration of ventilation and stay in intensive care .
in the case of very low birthweight infants , two trials showed reductions in incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia and respiratory infection and of [length] of ventilation and stay in intensive care .

Subsequently , concentrations should be measured every 48–72 hours , depending on the clinical context , previous results , and likely duration of treatment .
subsequently , concentrations should be measured every 48–72 hours , depending on the clinical context , previous results , and likely [length] of treatment .

There must be reasonable assurance of technical support for the duration of the project , which is expected to take up to ten years : ideally , written guarantees or other contractual commitments should be provided .
there must be reasonable assurance of technical support for the [length] of the project , which is expected to take up to ten years : ideally , written guarantees or other contractual commitments should be provided .

17 patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of more than five years ' duration who had reported altered hypoglycaemia awareness within three months of transferring to human insulin .
17 patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of more than five years ' [length] who had reported altered hypoglycaemia awareness within three months of transferring to human insulin .

Most of our subjects had long duration disease and their diabetes was tightly controlled — both factors known to interfere with hypoglycaemia awareness .
most of our subjects had long [length] disease and their diabetes was tightly controlled — both factors known to interfere with hypoglycaemia awareness .

Initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations , red cell transfusion requirements , and respiratory impairment ( assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen ) .
initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations , red cell transfusion requirements , and respiratory impairment ( assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and [length] of dependence on supplemental oxygen ) .

13 infants from each group underwent mechanical ventilation and showed significant differences in mean minimum arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio on the first day ( regulated group 0.42 , random group 0.22 ) and in median duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen ( regulated group three days , random group 10 days ) .
13 infants from each group underwent mechanical ventilation and showed significant differences in mean minimum arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio on the first day ( regulated group 0.42 , random group 0.22 ) and in median [length] of dependence on supplemental oxygen ( regulated group three days , random group 10 days ) .

Differences in final outcome measures such as duration of supplemental oxygen dependence and red cell transfusion requirements were mediated primarily through arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio and also packed cell volume .
differences in final outcome measures such as [length] of supplemental oxygen dependence and red cell transfusion requirements were mediated primarily through arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio and also packed cell volume .

Outcome measures recorded included Apgar scores , initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations recorded , red cell transfusions required and respiratory impairment assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen .
outcome measures recorded included apgar scores , initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations recorded , red cell transfusions required and respiratory impairment assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and [length] of dependence on supplemental oxygen .

The difference in duration of ventilation was not significant but median duration of supplemental oxygen dependence was shorter for infants in the regulated group ; this reached statistical significance for infants who had been ventilated .
the difference in [length] of ventilation was not significant but median [length] of supplemental oxygen dependence was shorter for infants in the regulated group ; this reached statistical significance for infants who had been ventilated .

Patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm Hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .
patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' [length] , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .

Endometriosis was not linked to duration of taking oral contraceptives .
endometriosis was not linked to [length] of taking oral contraceptives .

Total duration of oral contraceptive use was unimportant , but a very low rate of endometriosis was found among women currently or recently taking the pill compared with women who had never taken it or had stopped for over 12 months .
total [length] of oral contraceptive use was unimportant , but a very low rate of endometriosis was found among women currently or recently taking the pill compared with women who had never taken it or had stopped for over 12 months .

Presence of diabetic retinopathy , need for laser photocoagulation , age , duration of diabetes , and diabetic treatment .
presence of diabetic retinopathy , need for laser photocoagulation , age , [length] of diabetes , and diabetic treatment .

Age , duration of diabetes , type of diabetic care ( hospital based or community based ) and treatment were also recorded .
age , [length] of diabetes , type of diabetic care ( hospital based or community based ) and treatment were also recorded .

First , they establish the exact age and duration of these climate shifts .
first , they establish the exact age and [length] of these climate shifts .

But even in highly compressed gases , the time between collisions far exceeds the duration of the collisions themselves , making the interaction details hard to discern .
but even in highly compressed gases , the time between collisions far exceeds the [length] of the collisions themselves , making the interaction details hard to discern .

Deformities of the cervical spine are seen most often in patients with rheumatoid arthritis of more than 10 years ' duration .
deformities of the cervical spine are seen most often in patients with rheumatoid arthritis of more than 10 years ' [length] .

The drawback to feudal service from the count 's point of view was its limited duration .
the drawback to feudal service from the count 's point of view was its limited [length] .

Although strikes tend to be of a shorter duration they are concentrated around this key period when they are accompanied by picketing , working slowly to the rule book and the physical harassment of managers .
although strikes tend to be of a shorter [length] they are concentrated around this key period when they are accompanied by picketing , working slowly to the rule book and the physical harassment of managers .

recording of details relating to each terminal session , including the duration of the session , the identity of the user , and the identity of all documents worked on
recording of details relating to each terminal session , including the [length] of the session , the identity of the user , and the identity of all documents worked on

The time lost by such failures will be determined by the duration of the interruption to the power supply .
the time lost by such failures will be determined by the [length] of the interruption to the power supply .

The time samples could be of one minute 's duration , arranged so that each of the six pupils is observed in a regular cyclical sequence for parts of a teaching period .
the time samples could be of one minute 's [length] , arranged so that each of the six pupils is observed in a regular cyclical sequence for parts of a teaching period .

Removal of the halteres in Calliphora has little or `` no effect or he beat-frequency , amplitude and duration of flight but markedly affects the stability of the flying insect .
removal of the halteres in calliphora has little or `` no effect or he beat-frequency , amplitude and [length] of flight but markedly affects the stability of the flying insect .

The duration of such responses would , however , be too great to allow the rapid succession of contractions needed to maintain the high frequency of the wing beat in many efficient flyers .
the [length] of such responses would , however , be too great to allow the rapid succession of contractions needed to maintain the high frequency of the wing beat in many efficient flyers .

Be able to calculate the interval between two given times , and the finishing time given the starting time and duration .
be able to calculate the interval between two given times , and the finishing time given the starting time and [length] .

Fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and thereby distinguished from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .
fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief [length] , and thereby distinguished from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .

Given what has been said , a mental event can be simple or complex and of any duration .
given what has been said , a mental event can be simple or complex and of any [length] .

The duration of cell recruitment into this new external definitive endoderm layer is unknown .
the [length] of cell recruitment into this new external definitive endoderm layer is unknown .

The quantity of media required will depend upon the stage and number of embryos explanted and the duration of culture .
the quantity of media required will depend upon the stage and number of embryos explanted and the [length] of culture .

Electrolyte imbalances are usually rare in surgical patients who were in good health pre-operatively and undergoing straightforward operations of relatively short duration .
electrolyte imbalances are usually rare in surgical patients who were in good health pre-operatively and undergoing straightforward operations of relatively short [length] .

For the duration of the evaluation this space remained undeveloped , and although minimally used as a work area by some children , its main function was that of storage for an embryonic collection of newspaper cuttings .
for the [length] of the evaluation this space remained undeveloped , and although minimally used as a work area by some children , its main function was that of storage for an embryonic collection of newspaper cuttings .

They had been there for six months , the duration of their marriage .
they had been there for six months , the [length] of their marriage .

He notes that performances of the piece by such contemporary Mahler exponents as Bernstein , Abbado , Levine , Karajan , Tennstedt and Maazel average around 12 minutes ' duration , while Haitink 's recording takes about 14 minutes , and Scherchen 's lasts a full quarter of an hour .
he notes that performances of the piece by such contemporary mahler exponents as bernstein , abbado , levine , karajan , tennstedt and maazel average around 12 minutes ' [length] , while haitink 's recording takes about 14 minutes , and scherchen 's lasts a full quarter of an hour .

Yet the two earliest recordings of the movement , by the celebrated disciples Willem Mengelberg ( 1926 ) and Bruno Walter ( 1938 ) , average seven and a half minutes ' duration .
yet the two earliest recordings of the movement , by the celebrated disciples willem mengelberg ( 1926 ) and bruno walter ( 1938 ) , average seven and a half minutes ' [length] .

Tetzlaff is excellent , secure and untroubled at spending so much of the duration gleaming above the stave .
tetzlaff is excellent , secure and untroubled at spending so much of the [length] gleaming above the stave .

’ His membership of the Conservative party was to prove of short duration and he left it for good just before the government of 1931 was formed .
’ his membership of the conservative party was to prove of short [length] and he left it for good just before the government of 1931 was formed .

It was possible that he would be detained and interned for the duration of the war which now seemed only hours or days away .
it was possible that he would be detained and interned for the [length] of the war which now seemed only hours or days away .

If war should break out , however , the Joyces would both be interned for the duration as enemy aliens .
if war should break out , however , the joyces would both be interned for the [length] as enemy aliens .

The difficulty lay in the vague nature of trusteeship as a concept and its uncertain duration .
the difficulty lay in the vague nature of trusteeship as a concept and its uncertain [length] .

Scepticism existed as to the duration of the political changes promoted by MacArthur .
scepticism existed as to the [length] of the political changes promoted by macarthur .

More than half teenage marriages are likely to end in divorce by twenty-five years ' duration at risks current in 1979–82 ( Haskey 1984 ) .
more than half teenage marriages are likely to end in divorce by twenty-five years ' [length] at risks current in 1979–82 ( haskey 1984 ) .

Your accommodation to a lower official category for the full duration of your planned stay .
your accommodation to a lower official category for the full [length] of your planned stay .

The duration of holidays is described in number of days .
the [length] of holidays is described in number of days .

Three agencies-the Drugs Council , the Detoxification Unit , and GPs-were able to provide information about the frequency and duration of heroin use , the quantities used , and the route of administration ( method of use ) .
three agencies-the drugs council , the detoxification unit , and gps-were able to provide information about the frequency and [length] of heroin use , the quantities used , and the route of administration ( method of use ) .

The average duration of use of heroin by clients of the three agencies is about one to three years , a habit length which accounts for about half to two-thirds of the users known to each agency .
the average [length] of use of heroin by clients of the three agencies is about one to three years , a habit length which accounts for about half to two-thirds of the users known to each agency .

For six of these ( 24 per cent ) the duration of their last job was less than 12 months and for the group as a whole the average was less than 17 months .
for six of these ( 24 per cent ) the [length] of their last job was less than 12 months and for the group as a whole the average was less than 17 months .

This results in a shortening of the average duration of time in which families live as a nuclear group and an increase in the phase of the life cycle in which the couple live alone post-child rearing — the empty nest phase .
this results in a shortening of the average [length] of time in which families live as a nuclear group and an increase in the phase of the life cycle in which the couple live alone post-child rearing — the empty nest phase .

Fries made the assumption that the natural lifespan of the human species is of fixed duration ; in his work he takes this as 85 years .
fries made the assumption that the natural lifespan of the human species is of fixed [length] ; in his work he takes this as 85 years .

Acute health problems are self-limiting conditions of short-term duration such as colds or flu or others with a defined span such as a broken leg .
acute health problems are self-limiting conditions of short-term [length] such as colds or flu or others with a defined span such as a broken leg .

For example , the average duration of stay in general medicine for a patient aged 65 — 74 was 14 days compared with 17 days for a patient aged 85 + .
for example , the average [length] of stay in general medicine for a patient aged 65 — 74 was 14 days compared with 17 days for a patient aged 85 + .

Between 1971 and 1985 average duration of stay for all age groups decreased from 15.1 days to 10.7 days , a decline of 29.1 per cent .
between 1971 and 1985 average [length] of stay for all age groups decreased from 15.1 days to 10.7 days , a decline of 29.1 per cent .

These significant reductions in the duration of hospital episodes for older people have prompted the suggestion that this may have an adverse effect by increasing readmissions rates .
these significant reductions in the [length] of hospital episodes for older people have prompted the suggestion that this may have an adverse effect by increasing readmissions rates .

Once territories have been established by young fans , occupants are physically confined within them for the entire duration of the match .
once territories have been established by young fans , occupants are physically confined within them for the entire [length] of the match .

Tverskoy et al reported that patients treated by infiltration of a local anaesthetic and then given general anaesthetic for herniorrhaphy experienced less pain , and for shorter duration , than patients who received general anaesthetic alone .
tverskoy et al reported that patients treated by infiltration of a local anaesthetic and then given general anaesthetic for herniorrhaphy experienced less pain , and for shorter [length] , than patients who received general anaesthetic alone .

The clinical presentation of those affected and the course of the disease were characteristic of sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease ; the other inherited prion diseases so far described generally present as an illness similar to Gerstmann-Sträussler syndrome with a much longer duration or as atypical dementia .
the clinical presentation of those affected and the course of the disease were characteristic of sporadic creutzfeldt-jakob disease ; the other inherited prion diseases so far described generally present as an illness similar to gerstmann-sträussler syndrome with a much longer [length] or as atypical dementia .

The annoyance caused by noise varies from person to person , and depends on its loudness and duration .
the annoyance caused by noise varies from person to person , and depends on its loudness and [length] .

2 passages will be dictated at each speed — one of 3 minutes and one of 2 minutes ' duration .
2 passages will be dictated at each speed — one of 3 minutes and one of 2 minutes ' [length] .

According to Martyn Fear , drill bit specialist from the Drilling Technology group in Aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .
according to martyn fear , drill bit specialist from the drilling technology group in aberdeen , the [length] of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .

Examinations will continue to be provided until the last candidates enrolled under the old system have completed the normal duration of their course .
examinations will continue to be provided until the last candidates enrolled under the old system have completed the normal [length] of their course .

Examinations will continue to be provided until the last candidates enrolled under the old system have completed the normal duration of their course .
examinations will continue to be provided until the last candidates enrolled under the old system have completed the normal [length] of their course .

The placements will be of four weeks duration : part college , part work placement .
the placements will be of four weeks [length] : part college , part work placement .

The claimant should then submit medical certificates for the duration of their absence from work .
the claimant should then submit medical certificates for the [length] of their absence from work .

Potential duration of the disability Certain conditions can be described specifically e.g .
potential [length] of the disability certain conditions can be described specifically e.g .

broken limb etc , which when allied with the claimant 's occupation can generally provide a good indication of the potential duration of a claim .
broken limb etc , which when allied with the claimant 's occupation can generally provide a good indication of the potential [length] of a claim .

Fixed-term appointments are offered by the Board only where the job is expected to be of limited duration or there are exceptional management reasons for appointing someone for only a limited period to an ongoing job .
fixed-term appointments are offered by the board only where the job is expected to be of limited [length] or there are exceptional management reasons for appointing someone for only a limited period to an ongoing job .

What we would be looking for from you is a talk of some 15–20 minutes duration outlining what can be done for public transport by traffic management techniques and perhaps illustrated by some Lothian examples , together with a willingness to answer any questions which may be put to you .
what we would be looking for from you is a talk of some 15–20 minutes [length] outlining what can be done for public transport by traffic management techniques and perhaps illustrated by some lothian examples , together with a willingness to answer any questions which may be put to you .

normally uses display screen equipment on a daily basis for a continuous spell of at least one hour at any time ( or an equivalent duration ) .
normally uses display screen equipment on a daily basis for a continuous spell of at least one hour at any time ( or an equivalent [length] ) .

These degrees are generally of 21–24 months ' duration by full-time study , 36 months full-time for the MPhil in Clinical Psychology .
these degrees are generally of 21–24 months ' [length] by full-time study , 36 months full-time for the mphil in clinical psychology .

Courses are generally of 12 months ' duration by full-time study .
courses are generally of 12 months ' [length] by full-time study .

Most courses are of 9 months ' duration , beginning in October , but some extend to one or two years .
most courses are of 9 months ' [length] , beginning in october , but some extend to one or two years .

Although the University will do its best to avoid increases in fees , it can not guarantee that fees will be maintained at the same level for the duration of your course .
although the university will do its best to avoid increases in fees , it can not guarantee that fees will be maintained at the same level for the [length] of your course .

They provide a thorough preparation for postgraduate study programmes and are of 3 , 6 , 9 and 13 weeks ' duration .
they provide a thorough preparation for postgraduate study programmes and are of 3 , 6 , 9 and 13 weeks ' [length] .

Duration of study is 9 months full-time ( Diploma ) , 12 months full-time ( MSc ) , and is available part-time over two years .
[length] of study is 9 months full-time ( diploma ) , 12 months full-time ( msc ) , and is available part-time over two years .

All fees are subject to annual review and although the University will do its best to avoid large increases , it can not guarantee that fees will be maintained at the same level for the duration of a student 's course .
all fees are subject to annual review and although the university will do its best to avoid large increases , it can not guarantee that fees will be maintained at the same level for the [length] of a student 's course .

The normal duration of these degree courses is four years .
the normal [length] of these degree courses is four years .

The department offers three single-honours Bachelor of Engineering ( BEng ) degrees of four year 's duration , one in Electronics and Electrical Engineering , one in Communications Engineering , and one in Microelectronics , and a five-year Master of Engineering ( MEng ) honours degree in Electronics .
the department offers three single-honours bachelor of engineering ( beng ) degrees of four year 's [length] , one in electronics and electrical engineering , one in communications engineering , and one in microelectronics , and a five-year master of engineering ( meng ) honours degree in electronics .

Amplitude and duration of contractions at each recording site were calculated as the average of 10 swallows .
amplitude and [length] of contractions at each recording site were calculated as the average of 10 swallows .

Amplitude was measured from the intraoesophageal baseline to the peak of the pressure wave ; duration was measured from the point where the upstroke of the contraction left the baseline to the point wherethe downstroke of the contractions returned to baseline .
amplitude was measured from the intraoesophageal baseline to the peak of the pressure wave ; [length] was measured from the point where the upstroke of the contraction left the baseline to the point wherethe downstroke of the contractions returned to baseline .

The individual values for the recording sites 3 and 8 cm above the lower oesophageal spincter were combined and designated as distal oesophageal contractile amplitude and duration .
the individual values for the recording sites 3 and 8 cm above the lower oesophageal spincter were combined and designated as distal oesophageal contractile amplitude and [length] .

Patients reported the intensity and duration of symptoms with a diary card and the onset of symptoms with an event market on the pH recording .
patients reported the intensity and [length] of symptoms with a diary card and the onset of symptoms with an event market on the ph recording .

The percentage of time at pH < 4 , the minutes at pH < 4 , the number of episodes of reflux , those lasting longer than five minutes , and the duration of the longest period of reflux were calculated with Esophogram 9802 Version 5.10 ( Synectics Medical , Stockholm ) .
the percentage of time at ph < 4 , the minutes at ph < 4 , the number of episodes of reflux , those lasting longer than five minutes , and the [length] of the longest period of reflux were calculated with esophogram 9802 version 5.10 ( synectics medical , stockholm ) .

Hourly frequency and mean duration of reflux episodes in the upright and supine period were also calculated in each patient .
hourly frequency and mean [length] of reflux episodes in the upright and supine period were also calculated in each patient .

Intensity of symptoms was scored from mild=1 to severe=3 throughout the study ; the duration of symptoms was evaluated at one minute intervals .
intensity of symptoms was scored from mild=1 to severe=3 throughout the study ; the [length] of symptoms was evaluated at one minute intervals .

Overnight exposure of the oesophagus to acid , the number of reflux episodes longer than five minutes , and the duration of the longest period of reflux were significantly greater in patients with impaired peritalsis .
overnight exposure of the oesophagus to acid , the number of reflux episodes longer than five minutes , and the [length] of the longest period of reflux were significantly greater in patients with impaired peritalsis .

This is consistent with the positive correlation between the frequency and duration of gastro-oesophageal reflux symptoms and oesophageal acid exposure in dyspeptic patients with or without oesophagitis .
this is consistent with the positive correlation between the frequency and [length] of gastro-oesophageal reflux symptoms and oesophageal acid exposure in dyspeptic patients with or without oesophagitis .

The mean duration of colitis was 12 years ( range 6–18 ) .
the mean [length] of colitis was 12 years ( range 6–18 ) .

The average duration of their disease was 12 years ( range 1 to 32 ) .
the average [length] of their disease was 12 years ( range 1 to 32 ) .

This study is comparatively insensitive , however , for an assessment of the effect of prednisolone because of the one year interval between measurements , the small number of patients given corticosteroids , and the variable dose and duration of treatment .
this study is comparatively insensitive , however , for an assessment of the effect of prednisolone because of the one year interval between measurements , the small number of patients given corticosteroids , and the variable dose and [length] of treatment .

There were 4 men and 7 women with a mean age of 67 , a mean duration of disease of 12.5 years , and mean levodopa therapy lasting 11.6 years .
there were 4 men and 7 women with a mean age of 67 , a mean [length] of disease of 12.5 years , and mean levodopa therapy lasting 11.6 years .

Compared with placebo , 200 and 400 mg Ro 40-7592 significantly increased the duration of the on-phase by 65 % and 77 % , respectively ( figure ) .
compared with placebo , 200 and 400 mg ro 40-7592 significantly increased the [length] of the on-phase by 65 % and 77 % , respectively ( figure ) .

200 and 400 mg Ro 40-7592 increased the duration of the motor effects induced by a single fasting oral dose of levodopa with minimum side-effects .
200 and 400 mg ro 40-7592 increased the [length] of the motor effects induced by a single fasting oral dose of levodopa with minimum side-effects .

The duration of the procedure depended on difficulties encountered during puncturing and dilatating , the stone load and the experience of the operators .
the [length] of the procedure depended on difficulties encountered during puncturing and dilatating , the stone load and the experience of the operators .

The median duration of disease ( as defined by duration of symptoms ) was 8 years ( range 0.2–36 years ) and the median time since diagnosis was 4.5 years ( range 0–15 years ) .
the median [length] of disease ( as defined by [length] of symptoms ) was 8 years ( range 0.2–36 years ) and the median time since diagnosis was 4.5 years ( range 0–15 years ) .

This is associated with an extension of the duration of satiety and a delay in the appearance of hunger .
this is associated with an extension of the [length] of satiety and a delay in the appearance of hunger .

By slowing gastric emptying , it increases the duration of gastric distention which explains the persistent impression of satiety at the sixth hour .
by slowing gastric emptying , it increases the [length] of gastric distention which explains the persistent impression of satiety at the sixth hour .

( 2 ) The lowest anal pressure achieved during anal relaxation ( residual pressure ) and the duration of relaxation .
( 2 ) the lowest anal pressure achieved during anal relaxation ( residual pressure ) and the [length] of relaxation .

( 3 ) The occurrence and duration of external anal sphincter activity during rectal distension .
( 3 ) the occurrence and [length] of external anal sphincter activity during rectal distension .

Rectal contractions occurred in all normal and spinal patients on ramp inflation with increasing frequency , duration , and amplitude as distension of the rectum increased .
rectal contractions occurred in all normal and spinal patients on ramp inflation with increasing frequency , [length] , and amplitude as distension of the rectum increased .

Internal anal sphincter relaxation increased in amplitude and duration in all spinal patients and normal controls as the rectum was distended intermittently with increasing volumes .
internal anal sphincter relaxation increased in amplitude and [length] in all spinal patients and normal controls as the rectum was distended intermittently with increasing volumes .

Similarly , the duration of anal relaxation was greater at low distension volumes in spinal patients compared with controls ( Fig 5 ) .
similarly , the [length] of anal relaxation was greater at low distension volumes in spinal patients compared with controls ( fig 5 ) .

The duration and amplitude of rebound pressure increased as the distension volume increased .
the [length] and amplitude of rebound pressure increased as the distension volume increased .

This phenomenon was observed in only 4 of 23 spinal patients ( p < 0.001 compared with normal ) but the duration was shorter and the amplitude was smaller ( Fig 6 ) .
this phenomenon was observed in only 4 of 23 spinal patients ( p < 0.001 compared with normal ) but the [length] was shorter and the amplitude was smaller ( fig 6 ) .

In normal subjects , the duration of the external anal sphincter response was closely related to the duration of rectal contraction and the duration of rectal sensation and increased as the distending volume increased .
in normal subjects , the [length] of the external anal sphincter response was closely related to the [length] of rectal contraction and the [length] of rectal sensation and increased as the distending volume increased .

The mean duration of the disease was 17 years ( range 4–33 years ) .
the mean [length] of the disease was 17 years ( range 4–33 years ) .

The median disease duration was 8 ( range 0.5–33 ) years .
the median disease [length] was 8 ( range 0.5–33 ) years .

Intermittent periods of activity were seen thereafter but the timing , amplitude , and duration of this activity was unpredictable .
intermittent periods of activity were seen thereafter but the timing , amplitude , and [length] of this activity was unpredictable .

The LACs showed sporadic ( amplitude 40 mm Hg and duration seven seconds ) , repetitive ( same amplitude and duration but lasting approximately five minutes ) , and bursting ( amplitude 25 mm Hg , duration five seconds , and bursts lasting five to 20 minutes ) waves ( Figs 1 and 3 ) .
the lacs showed sporadic ( amplitude 40 mm hg and [length] seven seconds ) , repetitive ( same amplitude and [length] but lasting approximately five minutes ) , and bursting ( amplitude 25 mm hg , [length] five seconds , and bursts lasting five to 20 minutes ) waves ( figs 1 and 3 ) .

The MACs showed two subtypes ( Figs 4 and 5 ) , a peaked variety ( duration eight seconds ) and a bell shaped one ( duration 13 seconds ) .
the macs showed two subtypes ( figs 4 and 5 ) , a peaked variety ( [length] eight seconds ) and a bell shaped one ( [length] 13 seconds ) .

It is unclear whether a poor nutritional state is a prerequisite for efficacy of elemental diet , whether previously treated patients respond as well , or how duration of remission using elemental diet compares with corticosteroid induced remission .
it is unclear whether a poor nutritional state is a prerequisite for efficacy of elemental diet , whether previously treated patients respond as well , or how [length] of remission using elemental diet compares with corticosteroid induced remission .

The risk of developing cancer is increased in those individuals who have had extensive colitis for more than 10 years after the first attack , the cumulative cancer rate being 7 % at 20 years and 17 % at 30 years disease duration .
the risk of developing cancer is increased in those individuals who have had extensive colitis for more than 10 years after the first attack , the cumulative cancer rate being 7 % at 20 years and 17 % at 30 years disease [length] .

The duration of disease was taken from the date of diagnosis except where obvious symptoms of colitis came before the diagnosis by a matter of years .
the [length] of disease was taken from the date of diagnosis except where obvious symptoms of colitis came before the diagnosis by a matter of years .

The mean length of duration of colitis was 14.1 years ( range 8–46 ) .
the mean length of [length] of colitis was 14.1 years ( range 8–46 ) .

Fifteen patients had colectomy for failed medical treatment after a mean of 15.6 years ( range 9–32 ) disease duration .
fifteen patients had colectomy for failed medical treatment after a mean of 15.6 years ( range 9–32 ) disease [length] .

Similarly , if a cancer is found at a screening colonoscopy in a patient presenting to a unit years after the programme entry date for example , colitis of 17 years duration or when referred from another centre it can not be counted a success becaue these cancers represent a selected group detected outside the regular surveillance protocol .
similarly , if a cancer is found at a screening colonoscopy in a patient presenting to a unit years after the programme entry date for example , colitis of 17 years [length] or when referred from another centre it can not be counted a success becaue these cancers represent a selected group detected outside the regular surveillance protocol .

In this series , however , one patient developed cancer after seven years disease duration so perhaps the criteria for entry should be widened .
in this series , however , one patient developed cancer after seven years disease [length] so perhaps the criteria for entry should be widened .

The only significant difference found between incontinent patients and controls was a reduction in squeeze duration ( p < 0.0001 ) .
the only significant difference found between incontinent patients and controls was a reduction in squeeze [length] ( p < 0.0001 ) .

Patients were trained in increasing strength and duration of external anal sphincter contractions in response to rectal distension .
patients were trained in increasing strength and [length] of external anal sphincter contractions in response to rectal distension .

After retraining , squeeze duration increased significantly from 19.6 ( 2.4 ) to 38.3 ( 3.2 ) seconds ( p < 0.0001 ) with all patients gaining a squeeze duration of at least 20 seconds ( Fig 2 ) .
after retraining , squeeze [length] increased significantly from 19.6 ( 2.4 ) to 38.3 ( 3.2 ) seconds ( p < 0.0001 ) with all patients gaining a squeeze [length] of at least 20 seconds ( fig 2 ) .

With a more in depth analysis of results , restoration of continence was seen only in patients achieving a squeeze duration over 30 seconds .
with a more in depth analysis of results , restoration of continence was seen only in patients achieving a squeeze [length] over 30 seconds .

Training was associated with normalisation of external anal sphincter phasic contraction and with an increase in squeeze duration in all patients .
training was associated with normalisation of external anal sphincter phasic contraction and with an increase in squeeze [length] in all patients .

Spontaneous regression of faecal incontinence in our patients is unlikely because of the duration of symptoms before biofeedback and the close time relation between treatment and improvement .
spontaneous regression of faecal incontinence in our patients is unlikely because of the [length] of symptoms before biofeedback and the close time relation between treatment and improvement .

As a matter of fact , a clinical benefit was seen even with an occasionally decreased amplitude in external sphincter contraction when improvement in squeeze duration was achieved ( Fig 1 ) .
as a matter of fact , a clinical benefit was seen even with an occasionally decreased amplitude in external sphincter contraction when improvement in squeeze [length] was achieved ( fig 1 ) .

The mean duration of symptoms before diagnosis was 9.1 ( 11.4 ) months .
the mean [length] of symptoms before diagnosis was 9.1 ( 11.4 ) months .

We have found a significant association with alcohol intake and with alcohol markers such as mean corpuscular volume and the asparate aminotransferase : alamine amunotransferase ratio , but not with the duration of the alcohol intake .
we have found a significant association with alcohol intake and with alcohol markers such as mean corpuscular volume and the asparate aminotransferase : alamine amunotransferase ratio , but not with the [length] of the alcohol intake .

Seventy two patients ( ages 16–72 ) with unexplained dyspeptic symptoms of duration six months to seven years were referred by medical ( 52 patients ) and surgical ( 20 patients ) consultants .
seventy two patients ( ages 16–72 ) with unexplained dyspeptic symptoms of [length] six months to seven years were referred by medical ( 52 patients ) and surgical ( 20 patients ) consultants .

The mean duration of stay in the hospital was 19 ( range 7–140 ) days and in the intensive care unit seven ( 3–20 ) days .
the mean [length] of stay in the hospital was 19 ( range 7–140 ) days and in the intensive care unit seven ( 3–20 ) days .

Course Duration
course [length]

Course Duration
course [length]

Course Duration
course [length]

Course Duration
course [length]

Course Duration
course [length]

Course Duration
course [length]

In assessing the value of treatment , the impact on quality of life is just as important as duration of survival .
in assessing the value of treatment , the impact on quality of life is just as important as [length] of survival .

First , earlier and accelerated treatment to reduce duration of ischaemia .
first , earlier and accelerated treatment to reduce [length] of ischaemia .

The start time and duration of the next offline run .
the start time and [length] of the next offline run .

The offline process is carried out as a ‘ run ’ at a specified time and of specified duration , during which period the offline operator must be present to fulfil the demands for mounting and dismounting the offline media .
the offline process is carried out as a ‘ run ’ at a specified time and of specified [length] , during which period the offline operator must be present to fulfil the demands for mounting and dismounting the offline media .

You may also limit the duration of the Offline run if , for instance , you have only one tape drive and need to make it available for other operations .
you may also limit the [length] of the offline run if , for instance , you have only one tape drive and need to make it available for other operations .

Invalid Duration Time specified in configuration file
invalid [length] time specified in configuration file

Next offline cycle duration time ( Optional Input/Display Field )
next offline cycle [length] time ( optional input/display field )

The expected duration of the next Offline Cycle .
the expected [length] of the next offline cycle .

Offline requests are initiated by the Offline Manager , who decides when offline should start running , the duration of the run , and the type of operation to be performed : a Primary copy , a Secondary copy , a Restore , a Verification , or any combination of these provided sufficient units are available .
offline requests are initiated by the offline manager , who decides when offline should start running , the [length] of the run , and the type of operation to be performed : a primary copy , a secondary copy , a restore , a verification , or any combination of these provided sufficient units are available .

The start time and the duration of the offline run must also be specified using option 9.2.0 .
the start time and the [length] of the offline run must also be specified using option 9.2.0 .

The Time Per Block parameter is critical therefore in terms of performance and duration time .
the time per block parameter is critical therefore in terms of performance and [length] time .

The consequence of this is that the duration time will not be checked until the calculated number of blocks have been stored and verified .
the consequence of this is that the [length] time will not be checked until the calculated number of blocks have been stored and verified .

This may be convenient for overnight/weekend operation if it is accepted that the duration time is not critical .
this may be convenient for overnight/weekend operation if it is accepted that the [length] time is not critical .

The duration of the offline run set in option 9.2.0 may be updated to stop offline , if , for example , the unit is urgently required for use by another process .
the [length] of the offline run set in option 9.2.0 may be updated to stop offline , if , for example , the unit is urgently required for use by another process .

In this situation , the duration time should be reduced to a few minutes greater than the current elapsed time .
in this situation , the [length] time should be reduced to a few minutes greater than the current elapsed time .

The shutter — controls the duration of exposure Focus adjustment — alters lens-to-film distance View finder — Shows angular field of view Aperture stop — determines area through which light enters the camera
the shutter — controls the [length] of exposure focus adjustment — alters lens-to-film distance view finder — shows angular field of view aperture stop — determines area through which light enters the camera

But the rate and duration of production is low .
but the rate and [length] of production is low .

Throughout the duration of the tenancy you will be required to keep the land free from weeks and in a clean and tidy condition .
throughout the [length] of the tenancy you will be required to keep the land free from weeks and in a clean and tidy condition .

Borja also declared a monthly increase of 10 sucres in the price of petrol , but did not specify the effective date or duration of the measure .
borja also declared a monthly increase of 10 sucres in the price of petrol , but did not specify the effective date or [length] of the measure .

Eyles managed to get his officers to eject his rival , with the result that Franklin stood directly in front of Eyles for the duration of the service .
eyles managed to get his officers to eject his rival , with the result that franklin stood directly in front of eyles for the [length] of the service .

One of the great advantages of working on a drama project , rather than on single , self-contained lessons , is that one can not only choose the duration but also the location of the drama lesson ; the work becomes integrative .
one of the great advantages of working on a drama project , rather than on single , self-contained lessons , is that one can not only choose the [length] but also the location of the drama lesson ; the work becomes integrative .

The relationship is of long duration and is asymmetrical .
the relationship is of long [length] and is asymmetrical .

The enduring relationship is treated as a perpetual debt and is made manifest from time to time by continued gift-giving throughout the duration of the marriage .
the enduring relationship is treated as a perpetual debt and is made manifest from time to time by continued gift-giving throughout the [length] of the marriage .

One possibility is that unions and managements make wage bargains which span the ( expected ) duration of the policy thus avoiding controls on negotiated wages .
one possibility is that unions and managements make wage bargains which span the ( expected ) [length] of the policy thus avoiding controls on negotiated wages .

Despite the recent decline in unemployment long duration unemployment continues to be an important problem .
despite the recent decline in unemployment long [length] unemployment continues to be an important problem .

Macroeconomic inefficiency and macroeconomic imbalances built into the system , and the centralisation of political power , have combined with adverse international factors ( the oil crisis ; world trade stagnation , changes in terms of trade , rising interest rates , international inflation , rising cost of Western technology transfer , etc ) to produce a crisis of exceptional depth and duration .
macroeconomic inefficiency and macroeconomic imbalances built into the system , and the centralisation of political power , have combined with adverse international factors ( the oil crisis ; world trade stagnation , changes in terms of trade , rising interest rates , international inflation , rising cost of western technology transfer , etc ) to produce a crisis of exceptional depth and [length] .

The frequency and duration of migration is rising as environmental refugees join the ranks of economic migrants in the urban centres of Africa and , increasingly , of Europe .
the frequency and [length] of migration is rising as environmental refugees join the ranks of economic migrants in the urban centres of africa and , increasingly , of europe .

The coaches must be prepared to ‘ live-in ’ and will be responsible for the group for the duration of the School .
the coaches must be prepared to ‘ live-in ’ and will be responsible for the group for the [length] of the school .

In order to maximise the long term impact this sports component has on participation in Scotland a Sports Information Point will be in operation throughout the Festival 's duration .
in order to maximise the long term impact this sports component has on participation in scotland a sports information point will be in operation throughout the festival 's [length] .

The project is based on the availability of official documents that will be released over the three years of its duration .
the project is based on the availability of official documents that will be released over the three years of its [length] .

Course information : Three types are offered : * Regular classes : Duration : 1 term , 10 weeks from October to June .
course information : three types are offered : * regular classes : [length] : 1 term , 10 weeks from october to june .

* Intensive courses : Duration 2-4 weeks , all year round .
* intensive courses : [length] 2-4 weeks , all year round .

These courses have a minimum of 2 weeks duration with between 4 and 6 hours of daily tuition given by a team of two or three experienced teachers , each of whom works on a specific language area .
these courses have a minimum of 2 weeks [length] with between 4 and 6 hours of daily tuition given by a team of two or three experienced teachers , each of whom works on a specific language area .

* Superintensive : 5 hours a day ; short duration ( 2 or 4 weeks ) ; only for beginners ; only during summer and at Easter .
* superintensive : 5 hours a day ; short [length] ( 2 or 4 weeks ) ; only for beginners ; only during summer and at easter .

Duration : minimum stay 2 weeks .
[length] : minimum stay 2 weeks .

Duration : the course is offered from the second half of June to the middle of August .
[length] : the course is offered from the second half of june to the middle of august .

Group courses for all levels for a duration of 3 or 6 weeks are run in July and August .
group courses for all levels for a [length] of 3 or 6 weeks are run in july and august .

‘ They have issued personal protection weapons to construction workers , yet most of them only face danger for the short-term duration of their contracts , ’ he said .
‘ they have issued personal protection weapons to construction workers , yet most of them only face danger for the short-term [length] of their contracts , ’ he said .

Call duration : 00 : 04:57 Segments out : 55 Segments in : 394
call [length] : 00 : 04:57 segments out : 55 segments in : 394

In Section 6.4.1 , for example , with microprocessor.based open.loop control it is possible to specify the duration of each step and the optimum velocity profile can be followed very closely .
in section 6.4.1 , for example , with microprocessor.based open.loop control it is possible to specify the [length] of each step and the optimum velocity profile can be followed very closely .

He will judge as quite plausible an event , such as the origin of the first replicating molecule as postulated by some chemist 's theory , which we , kitted up by evolution to move in a world of a few decades ' duration , would judge to be an astounding miracle .
he will judge as quite plausible an event , such as the origin of the first replicating molecule as postulated by some chemist 's theory , which we , kitted up by evolution to move in a world of a few decades ' [length] , would judge to be an astounding miracle .

‘ Giles Denton 's reputation springs from the number , not the quality or duration of his … liaisons .
‘ giles denton 's reputation springs from the number , not the quality or [length] of his … liaisons .

’ The Law society is seeking a ten year term for the contract , with some crucial provisions entrenched so that they can not be altered for the duration of the contract , except with the Society 's agreement .
’ the law society is seeking a ten year term for the contract , with some crucial provisions entrenched so that they can not be altered for the [length] of the contract , except with the society 's agreement .

Deciding the court timetable in order to maintain a high level of attention for the duration of sittings .
deciding the court timetable in order to maintain a high level of attention for the [length] of sittings .

ExerCal takes your current body weight and duration of your exercise period and tells you how many calories are being used in that time .
exercal takes your current body weight and [length] of your exercise period and tells you how many calories are being used in that time .

Recording takes place on another screen which shows note duration with as a block-line which can then be turned automatically into standard notation .
recording takes place on another screen which shows note [length] with as a block-line which can then be turned automatically into standard notation .

The centre forward , whom they nicknamed Ossie , wore his sideburns long and his shorts even longer — but at least he kept them on for the duration .
the centre forward , whom they nicknamed ossie , wore his sideburns long and his shorts even longer — but at least he kept them on for the [length] .

The location , starting time and duration should be included in the notice of the meeting to allow those attending to plan their time ; also the agenda should be included in sufficient detail to indicate what preparation they need to do .
the location , starting time and [length] should be included in the notice of the meeting to allow those attending to plan their time ; also the agenda should be included in sufficient detail to indicate what preparation they need to do .

Decisions in project management start with the choice of project and spread throughout its duration .
decisions in project management start with the choice of project and spread throughout its [length] .

The project is broken down into a series of well-defined jobs of short duration whose cost and time can be estimated .
the project is broken down into a series of well-defined jobs of short [length] whose cost and time can be estimated .

The Dark Ages , once thought to be of extensive duration lasting until Norman influence established itself or even beyond , are now becoming less ‘ dark ’ .
the dark ages , once thought to be of extensive [length] lasting until norman influence established itself or even beyond , are now becoming less ‘ dark ’ .

If they have been just very bad , and if they have someone to stand up for them , they are given three strokes of the whip , usually by Sheldon Parry , the born-again television director , and then made to put on a short green smock for the duration of the service .
if they have been just very bad , and if they have someone to stand up for them , they are given three strokes of the whip , usually by sheldon parry , the born-again television director , and then made to put on a short green smock for the [length] of the service .

That duration testifies to the substantial fact that for all the alarm the crisis produced , the British financial system had reached a level of sophistication and general confidence which enabled it to live through a moment which in earlier times would have seemed the harbinger of doom .
that [length] testifies to the substantial fact that for all the alarm the crisis produced , the british financial system had reached a level of sophistication and general confidence which enabled it to live through a moment which in earlier times would have seemed the harbinger of doom .

This leads to concepts like leaf area duration .
this leads to concepts like leaf area [length] .

Considerable differences in asymptotic maximal length , duration of leaf growth , and absolute and relative extension rates do of course occur .
considerable differences in asymptotic maximal length , [length] of leaf growth , and absolute and relative extension rates do of course occur .

To produce natural sounding speech it is necessary to utilise linguistic knowledge to produce the fundamental frequency and duration of the produced signal .
to produce natural sounding speech it is necessary to utilise linguistic knowledge to produce the fundamental frequency and [length] of the produced signal .

For the duration of the journey , our remaining passenger attends to his grooming — pocket mirror , spot-clean of cheek and mouth with moistened tissue , whisper of breath spray , and a quick blitz of masculine cologne .
for the [length] of the journey , our remaining passenger attends to his grooming — pocket mirror , spot-clean of cheek and mouth with moistened tissue , whisper of breath spray , and a quick blitz of masculine cologne .

As last night the Governor of the Bank of England backtracked over the duration of the slump , will the Prime Minister now institute an urgent programme of recovery ? Failing that , will he explain to my unemployed constituents why the Government consider them a ’ price worth paying ’ ?
as last night the governor of the bank of england backtracked over the [length] of the slump , will the prime minister now institute an urgent programme of recovery ? failing that , will he explain to my unemployed constituents why the government consider them a ’ price worth paying ’ ?

Mr. Secretary Wakeham , supported by Mr. Secretary Howard , Mr. Secretary Hunt , Mr. Secretary Lilley , Mr. Secretary Lang , Mr. David Mellor , Mr. David Heathcoat-Amory and Mr. Colin Moynihan , presented a Bill to make provision for extending the duration of , and increasing the limit on , grants under section 3 of the Coal Industry Act 1987 and to repeal the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1908 : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time and to be printed [ Bill 2 . ]
mr. secretary wakeham , supported by mr. secretary howard , mr. secretary hunt , mr. secretary lilley , mr. secretary lang , mr. david mellor , mr. david heathcoat-amory and mr. colin moynihan , presented a bill to make provision for extending the [length] of , and increasing the limit on , grants under section 3 of the coal industry act 1987 and to repeal the coal mines regulation act 1908 : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time and to be printed [ bill 2 . ]

14 ( Exempted business ) shall apply to the proceedings on the Bill for a period of time equal to the duration of the proceedings on that Motion .
14 ( exempted business ) shall apply to the proceedings on the bill for a period of time equal to the [length] of the proceedings on that motion .

b ) the bringing to a conclusion of any proceedings on the Bill which , under this Order , are to be brought to a conclusion after that time shall be postponed for a period equal to the duration of the proceedings on that Motion .
b ) the bringing to a conclusion of any proceedings on the bill which , under this order , are to be brought to a conclusion after that time shall be postponed for a period equal to the [length] of the proceedings on that motion .

( 4 ) If an allotted day is one to which a Motion for the adjournment of the House under Standing Order No. 20 stands over from an earlier day , the bringing to a conclusion of any proceedings on the Bill which under this Order are to be brought to a conclusion on that day shall be postponed for a period equal to the duration of the proceedings on that Motion .
( 4 ) if an allotted day is one to which a motion for the adjournment of the house under standing order no. 20 stands over from an earlier day , the bringing to a conclusion of any proceedings on the bill which under this order are to be brought to a conclusion on that day shall be postponed for a period equal to the [length] of the proceedings on that motion .

Our commitment to that principle was given greater weight by the fact that benefit claims for students frequently presented administrative problems out of all proportion to the amounts of benefit finally awarded and the duration of the benefit periods .
our commitment to that principle was given greater weight by the fact that benefit claims for students frequently presented administrative problems out of all proportion to the amounts of benefit finally awarded and the [length] of the benefit periods .

This took about six hours to record , the eventual programme being of 30 minutes duration .
this took about six hours to record , the eventual programme being of 30 minutes [length] .

In short , inveighing against hierarchy is rhetoric : both the logic of efficiency and the historical evidence disclose that non-hierarchical modes are mainly of ephemeral duration .
in short , inveighing against hierarchy is rhetoric : both the logic of efficiency and the historical evidence disclose that non-hierarchical modes are mainly of ephemeral [length] .

The same discontinuities occur with respect to mental work and to the breadth and duration of accountability .
the same discontinuities occur with respect to mental work and to the breadth and [length] of accountability .

Longitudinal and duration methods in the econometric analysis of labour markets
longitudinal and [length] methods in the econometric analysis of labour markets

Duration and type of employment will be important considerations when assessing the ‘ protective ’ effect of employment .
[length] and type of employment will be important considerations when assessing the ‘ protective ’ effect of employment .

Furthermore , identification of the sources of happiness will provide a basis for understanding the duration of certain emotions in connection with particular events in life .
furthermore , identification of the sources of happiness will provide a basis for understanding the [length] of certain emotions in connection with particular events in life .

Having established a distinction between social movements and organized political formations , and indicated in a preliminary way the characteristics of social movements , it would not be too difficult to construct a typology of such movements , as a number of writers have attempted , in terms of their size ( number of participants ) , range ( local , national , international ) , duration , objectives ( specific or general , directed toward transforming individuals or supra-individual systems ) and so on .
having established a distinction between social movements and organized political formations , and indicated in a preliminary way the characteristics of social movements , it would not be too difficult to construct a typology of such movements , as a number of writers have attempted , in terms of their size ( number of participants ) , range ( local , national , international ) , [length] , objectives ( specific or general , directed toward transforming individuals or supra-individual systems ) and so on .

One such period was the seventeenth century in Western Europe , an age characterized by the early development of capitalism and of nation states , and by religious wars ; another is the twentieth century , during which wars of long duration and great destructiveness have been fought on a global scale .
one such period was the seventeenth century in western europe , an age characterized by the early development of capitalism and of nation states , and by religious wars ; another is the twentieth century , during which wars of long [length] and great destructiveness have been fought on a global scale .

‘ When we 're so perfectly matched , the duration is likely to suit us equally perfectly .
‘ when we 're so perfectly matched , the [length] is likely to suit us equally perfectly .

She had had plenty of boyfriends , some casual , some of longer duration .
she had had plenty of boyfriends , some casual , some of longer [length] .

This hazard function approach measured the impact of key exogenous variables , such as unemployment benefits , on unemployment duration .
this hazard function approach measured the impact of key exogenous variables , such as unemployment benefits , on unemployment [length] .

This model has enough structure built into it to enable us to answer interesting questions such as : ( i ) does the marginal utility of leisure decrease or increase with duration ?
this model has enough structure built into it to enable us to answer interesting questions such as : ( i ) does the marginal utility of leisure decrease or increase with [length] ?

and ( ii ) do offer probabilities , unemployment benefit effects , and the conditional probability of leaving unemployment decrease or increase with duration ?
and ( ii ) do offer probabilities , unemployment benefit effects , and the conditional probability of leaving unemployment decrease or increase with [length] ?

We have also included the type of housing tenure of an individual in our sample to capture the effect of housing mobility on the expected duration of unemployment .
we have also included the type of housing tenure of an individual in our sample to capture the effect of housing mobility on the expected [length] of unemployment .

Because unemployment duration is measured in days in our sample , solving for the optimal reservation wage for each of the 1,608 individuals in our sample for each period at each iteration causes serious computational problems .
because unemployment [length] is measured in days in our sample , solving for the optimal reservation wage for each of the 1,608 individuals in our sample for each period at each iteration causes serious computational problems .

From equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) and a second-order approximation to the log functions , we derive the density and distribution functions of the duration random variable and then maximise the relevant likelihood subject to equations ( 6 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) .
from equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) and a second-order approximation to the log functions , we derive the density and distribution functions of the [length] random variable and then maximise the relevant likelihood subject to equations ( 6 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 10 ) and ( 11 ) .

Because our sample consists of a cohort of individuals , calendar time effects can not be distinguished from duration effects .
because our sample consists of a cohort of individuals , calendar time effects can not be distinguished from [length] effects .

Since this complicates the interpretation of the two intercept dummies in the ‘ offer ’ probability functions as the duration effects , the unemployment rate variable , a measure of the tightness of the labour market which enters q , is allowed to vary over the two optimisation periods .
since this complicates the interpretation of the two intercept dummies in the ‘ offer ’ probability functions as the [length] effects , the unemployment rate variable , a measure of the tightness of the labour market which enters q , is allowed to vary over the two optimisation periods .

These changes in the estimated offer rates over the duration are very sensitive to the assumed value for 71 In Model 1 , the offer rate falls 21 % between the first three months and the rest of the spell .
these changes in the estimated offer rates over the [length] are very sensitive to the assumed value for 71 in model 1 , the offer rate falls 21 % between the first three months and the rest of the spell .

The model predicts that as time passes these individuals expect to move into a job with longer duration , ceteris paribus , as one would expect ( see footnote 3 ) .
the model predicts that as time passes these individuals expect to move into a job with longer [length] , ceteris paribus , as one would expect ( see footnote 3 ) .

Using a rate of discount of 10 % per annum ( 0.027 % per day ) implies that the expected duration of a job is about 1.3 years if accepted in the first three months of the unemployment spell and three years if accepted later ( see footnote 3 ) .
using a rate of discount of 10 % per annum ( 0.027 % per day ) implies that the expected [length] of a job is about 1.3 years if accepted in the first three months of the unemployment spell and three years if accepted later ( see footnote 3 ) .

Table 3 gives the distribution by age and duration of individuals with estimated reservation wage less than the post-unemployment wage for Model 1 ( unrestricted ) and Model 4 ( ) .
table 3 gives the distribution by age and [length] of individuals with estimated reservation wage less than the post-unemployment wage for model 1 ( unrestricted ) and model 4 ( ) .

( 1 ) Our model permitted the hazard function to vary over the duration with changes differing across individuals , in contrast to standard reduced form models which restricted to uniformity for all individuals , ceteris paribus .
( 1 ) our model permitted the hazard function to vary over the [length] with changes differing across individuals , in contrast to standard reduced form models which restricted to uniformity for all individuals , ceteris paribus .

Table 4 shows the proportion of individuals who have estimated hazard rates and reservation wages which fall with duration .
table 4 shows the proportion of individuals who have estimated hazard rates and reservation wages which fall with [length] .

Because leisure effects are zero in the second period , after the first three months of unemployment , the elasticities of reservation wage , hazard rate and expected duration with respect to benefits are all zero for all the individuals ( see ( 7 ) ) .
because leisure effects are zero in the second period , after the first three months of unemployment , the elasticities of reservation wage , hazard rate and expected [length] with respect to benefits are all zero for all the individuals ( see ( 7 ) ) .

On average , a 10 % increase in the unemployment benefits in the first three months increases reservation wages by 2.3 % , reduces the conditional probability of leaving unemployment by about 12 % and increases the expected duration of the spell by about 1.2 % .
on average , a 10 % increase in the unemployment benefits in the first three months increases reservation wages by 2.3 % , reduces the conditional probability of leaving unemployment by about 12 % and increases the expected [length] of the spell by about 1.2 % .

( 5 ) Simulations of expected duration The nature of this model and its estimation is such that the elasticities , hazard rates and the expected durations all vary from one individual to another and are dependent on the values of benefits , expected earnings and all extra income receipts in both employment and unemployment .
( 5 ) simulations of expected [length] the nature of this model and its estimation is such that the elasticities , hazard rates and the expected durations all vary from one individual to another and are dependent on the values of benefits , expected earnings and all extra income receipts in both employment and unemployment .

His expected duration of unemployment is 12.9 weeks as calculated at the average values of benefits , earnings and extra income .
his expected [length] of unemployment is 12.9 weeks as calculated at the average values of benefits , earnings and extra income .

The estimated elasticities with respect to benefits of this reservation wage , hazard rate and expected duration are 0.12 , -0.75 and 0.22 , respectively in the first three months of the spell .
the estimated elasticities with respect to benefits of this reservation wage , hazard rate and expected [length] are 0.12 , -0.75 and 0.22 , respectively in the first three months of the spell .

His expected unemployment duration of 17.9 weeks is trimmed to 17.7 weeks by a 10 % cut in benefits .
his expected unemployment [length] of 17.9 weeks is trimmed to 17.7 weeks by a 10 % cut in benefits .

For this man , the expected duration at the 1978/79 benefit levels is 74 weeks .
for this man , the expected [length] at the 1978/79 benefit levels is 74 weeks .

The ideal duration of agitation by mechanical shaker ( Ro-tap or Frisch ) is still a matter of discussion .
the ideal [length] of agitation by mechanical shaker ( ro-tap or frisch ) is still a matter of discussion .

‘ The duration of Dr Kingdom 's visit to Geneva . ’
‘ the [length] of dr kingdom 's visit to geneva . ’

For example , in discussing ‘ duration ’ he compares the relative speeds of the narrating and the story , and in order to draw up his table he needs to begin with a non-existent form , a ‘ hypothetical reference zero ’ where the duration of the narrative exactly matches the duration of the events narrated — an ‘ isochronous narrative ’ which , as he says , does not exist .
for example , in discussing ‘ [length] ’ he compares the relative speeds of the narrating and the story , and in order to draw up his table he needs to begin with a non-existent form , a ‘ hypothetical reference zero ’ where the [length] of the narrative exactly matches the [length] of the events narrated — an ‘ isochronous narrative ’ which , as he says , does not exist .

She was stuck with him and his infuriating know-it-all attitude for the duration of her stay .
she was stuck with him and his infuriating know-it-all attitude for the [length] of her stay .

What was certain was that throughout its duration she felt wasted by an emptiness that no extremes of violence , and no throes of humiliation , could even remotely begin to fill .
what was certain was that throughout its [length] she felt wasted by an emptiness that no extremes of violence , and no throes of humiliation , could even remotely begin to fill .

Observations reported by Davies quoted in Laws and Dennison ( 1990:275 ) showed that `` on average 60 % of all activities were less than nine minutes in duration , while only 7 % lasted beyond an hour `` .
observations reported by davies quoted in laws and dennison ( 1990:275 ) showed that `` on average 60 % of all activities were less than nine minutes in [length] , while only 7 % lasted beyond an hour `` .

The failure of the insurgents to secure the country 's political and economic nerve-centres , the provision of German and Italian military aid and the resistance put up by the defenders of Republican legality had turned the insurrection into a war whose duration or outcome no one could foretell .
the failure of the insurgents to secure the country 's political and economic nerve-centres , the provision of german and italian military aid and the resistance put up by the defenders of republican legality had turned the insurrection into a war whose [length] or outcome no one could foretell .

This time , the chief of the Nationalist Airforce , General Kindelán , put forward the proposal that , for the duration of hostilities , the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces should also have responsibility for `` all national activities : political , economic , social , cultural , etc . ``
this time , the chief of the nationalist airforce , general kindelán , put forward the proposal that , for the [length] of hostilities , the commander-in-chief of the armed forces should also have responsibility for `` all national activities : political , economic , social , cultural , etc . ``

For the duration of the war , British and American diplomats performed a nerve-racking balancing act , providing just enough credit and material aid ( especially grain and petroleum ) to prevent Franco from going over completely to the Axis , but not so much as to enable him to become strong enough to dispense with maintaining relations with them .
for the [length] of the war , british and american diplomats performed a nerve-racking balancing act , providing just enough credit and material aid ( especially grain and petroleum ) to prevent franco from going over completely to the axis , but not so much as to enable him to become strong enough to dispense with maintaining relations with them .

Given that Franco was not alone on these occasions and that he was busy destroying nature , rather than reflecting upon it , it seems more likely that advancing age and the duration of his mandate had reduced his appetite for playing an active role in Spain 's political life .
given that franco was not alone on these occasions and that he was busy destroying nature , rather than reflecting upon it , it seems more likely that advancing age and the [length] of his mandate had reduced his appetite for playing an active role in spain 's political life .

2 in-house courses ( duration to be determined )
2 in-house courses ( [length] to be determined )

1 in-house course ( duration to be determined )
1 in-house course ( [length] to be determined )

1 in-house course ( duration to be determined by Education Sector and Fundraising ) Education Sector and Fundraising
1 in-house course ( [length] to be determined by education sector and fundraising ) education sector and fundraising

The module duration of 20 , 40 or 80 hours is a notional design length and may be adjusted according to the capabilities and progress of the student .
the module [length] of 20 , 40 or 80 hours is a notional design length and may be adjusted according to the capabilities and progress of the student .

It was in the localities that the war stimulated innovation in classroom practice , but such innovation was usually makeshift , not prefigurative , and much of it was for the duration only .
it was in the localities that the war stimulated innovation in classroom practice , but such innovation was usually makeshift , not prefigurative , and much of it was for the [length] only .

Charge was 75 per hour , for the duration of the public meeting only .
charge was 75 per hour , for the [length] of the public meeting only .

By the end of 1990 it was generally accepted that the economy had entered a period of recession , although there remained significant differences over the depth and the likely duration of the downturn .
by the end of 1990 it was generally accepted that the economy had entered a period of recession , although there remained significant differences over the depth and the likely [length] of the downturn .

The aggressive marketing of seats to foreign cosmonauts on short duration Soyuz flights to the Mir space station in order to recoup some of the costs [ see pp .
the aggressive marketing of seats to foreign cosmonauts on short [length] soyuz flights to the mir space station in order to recoup some of the costs [ see pp .

Under Polish law , strikers would not be paid for the duration of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to increase wages .
under polish law , strikers would not be paid for the [length] of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to increase wages .

Under Polish law , strikers would not be paid for the duration of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to increase wages .
under polish law , strikers would not be paid for the [length] of the stoppages , and the two ministers said that the costs of the strike would drastically reduce the enterprise 's ability to increase wages .

The Iraqi air force attempted little in the way of a co-ordinated response to the allied air assault , and it appeared that Saddam Hussein was intent on preserving his aircraft either for a later stage of the campaign or for the duration of the entire war .
the iraqi air force attempted little in the way of a co-ordinated response to the allied air assault , and it appeared that saddam hussein was intent on preserving his aircraft either for a later stage of the campaign or for the [length] of the entire war .

Khost , situated south of Kabul near the border with Pakistan in Paktia province , had been under virtual siege for the duration of the Afghan civil war .
khost , situated south of kabul near the border with pakistan in paktia province , had been under virtual siege for the [length] of the afghan civil war .

The Anglo-Irish Conference ( bilateral UK-Irish meetings under the 1985 Anglo-Irish Agreement ) met in London on April 26 and was then suspended for the duration of the all-party talks ; its next session was scheduled for July 16 .
the anglo-irish conference ( bilateral uk-irish meetings under the 1985 anglo-irish agreement ) met in london on april 26 and was then suspended for the [length] of the all-party talks ; its next session was scheduled for july 16 .

Article 146 [ concerning the duration of validity of the Basic Law ] shall read as follows : `` This Basic Law , which is valid for the entire German people following the achievement of the unity and freedom of Germany , shall cease to be in force on the day on which a constitution adopted by a free decision of the German people comes into force . ``
article 146 [ concerning the [length] of validity of the basic law ] shall read as follows : `` this basic law , which is valid for the entire german people following the achievement of the unity and freedom of germany , shall cease to be in force on the day on which a constitution adopted by a free decision of the german people comes into force . ``

The current Governor-General , Sir Veerasamy Ringadoo , would assume the functions of president for a transitional period , the duration of which was not fixed .
the current governor-general , sir veerasamy ringadoo , would assume the functions of president for a transitional period , the [length] of which was not fixed .

The amendments included an increase in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .
the amendments included an increase in the maximum [length] of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .

In September 1991 Congress had agreed to Bush 's demand to delay the guarantee package in an attempt to pressurize Israel into halting settlement construction in the occupied territories , at least for the duration of the Middle East peace conference [ see p. 38452 ] .
in september 1991 congress had agreed to bush 's demand to delay the guarantee package in an attempt to pressurize israel into halting settlement construction in the occupied territories , at least for the [length] of the middle east peace conference [ see p. 38452 ] .

In the past North Korea had frequently expressed its disapproval of Team Spirit by cancelling any ongoing dialogue for the duration of the exercises .
in the past north korea had frequently expressed its disapproval of team spirit by cancelling any ongoing dialogue for the [length] of the exercises .

In practice little is known about outcomes in terms of the effects of care on the duration and quality of life and `` intermediate `` outcome measures have to be used such as those mentioned by Pollitt ( 1992 ) .
in practice little is known about outcomes in terms of the effects of care on the [length] and quality of life and `` intermediate `` outcome measures have to be used such as those mentioned by pollitt ( 1992 ) .

It is also likely that interviews will generate further material ( old photographs , or old objects ) , which may be loaned to the school for the duration of the project .
it is also likely that interviews will generate further material ( old photographs , or old objects ) , which may be loaned to the school for the [length] of the project .

Lawyers called these leases `` building leases `` , which were typically of sixty or ninety years ' duration .
lawyers called these leases `` building leases `` , which were typically of sixty or ninety years ' [length] .

In that case a house was let `` for the duration of the war `` .
in that case a house was let `` for the [length] of the war `` .

Accordingly , the simple statement of the law that the maximum duration of a term must be certainly known in advance of its taking effect could not have direct reference to periodic tenancies … In Lace v Chantler the duration of the war could not be predicted and there was no provision for either party to bring the tenancy to an end before the war ended , and that event might itself be very hard to pinpoint .
accordingly , the simple statement of the law that the maximum [length] of a term must be certainly known in advance of its taking effect could not have direct reference to periodic tenancies … in lace v chantler the [length] of the war could not be predicted and there was no provision for either party to bring the tenancy to an end before the war ended , and that event might itself be very hard to pinpoint .

The vice of uncertainty in relation to the duration of a term is that the parties do not know where they stand .
the vice of uncertainty in relation to the [length] of a term is that the parties do not know where they stand .

The concept of `` certainty of duration `` also means that a lease granted for the period of someone 's life is incapable of being legal , as stated in s. 205 ( 1 ) ( xxvii ) above .
the concept of `` certainty of [length] `` also means that a lease granted for the period of someone 's life is incapable of being legal , as stated in s. 205 ( 1 ) ( xxvii ) above .

In a controversial aspect of the data collection , the subjects were allowed to think that the tape recorder had been switched off after the formal interviews , and were encouraged to talk informally by a young white member of the research team , who dissociated himself from the preceding interviews and `` spent the duration of the recording sitting on the floor `` ( Edwards 1986 : 74 ) .
in a controversial aspect of the data collection , the subjects were allowed to think that the tape recorder had been switched off after the formal interviews , and were encouraged to talk informally by a young white member of the research team , who dissociated himself from the preceding interviews and `` spent the [length] of the recording sitting on the floor `` ( edwards 1986 : 74 ) .

Neither the precise purpose nor the duration of this move are clear , but it was probably largely intended to provide an interim military government , facilitate the collection of taxation , give Cnut 's chief supporters the impression that their efforts were proving worthwhile , and hold the country down .
neither the precise purpose nor the [length] of this move are clear , but it was probably largely intended to provide an interim military government , facilitate the collection of taxation , give cnut 's chief supporters the impression that their efforts were proving worthwhile , and hold the country down .

Duration of recognition
[length] of recognition

18 . Duration of recognition
18 . [length] of recognition

In isolated word recognition only substitution errors of the meet/meat kind are possible since the beginning , ending , and duration of the word are known .
in isolated word recognition only substitution errors of the meet/meat kind are possible since the beginning , ending , and [length] of the word are known .

For example in a database containing the full text of literary works , each work will be protected in its own right and the duration of protection for that work will be based on the life of the author plus fifty years , or in the case of an Act of Parliament ( subject to Crown Copyright ) 125 years from the end of the calendar year during which it was created , and not from the time it was entered into the database .
for example in a database containing the full text of literary works , each work will be protected in its own right and the [length] of protection for that work will be based on the life of the author plus fifty years , or in the case of an act of parliament ( subject to crown copyright ) 125 years from the end of the calendar year during which it was created , and not from the time it was entered into the database .

Because a company can be an author of a computer-generated work , there has to be a special rule for determining the duration of copyright in such works and the copyright expires at the end of the period of 50 years from the end of the calendar year in which the work was made ( section 12 ( 3 ) ) .
because a company can be an author of a computer-generated work , there has to be a special rule for determining the [length] of copyright in such works and the copyright expires at the end of the period of 50 years from the end of the calendar year in which the work was made ( section 12 ( 3 ) ) .

The duration of copyright protection was limited to 15 years if the design was registrable ; that is , it was new and had eye-appeal .
the [length] of copyright protection was limited to 15 years if the design was registrable ; that is , it was new and had eye-appeal .

The potentially longer duration of registered designs is the main reason why a design which lies in this overlap should be registered .
the potentially longer [length] of registered designs is the main reason why a design which lies in this overlap should be registered .

The result of the provisions relating to duration is that the owner of the right can only have a maximum of 10 years to exploit the design commercially .
the result of the provisions relating to [length] is that the owner of the right can only have a maximum of 10 years to exploit the design commercially .

Design documents include drawings , photographs and computer data and the effect of section 51 is to remove copyright protection from semiconductor topographies leaving the amended design right with its limited duration as the only form of legal protection , apart from the law of confidence which will protect until , at least , the semiconductor products are made available .
design documents include drawings , photographs and computer data and the effect of section 51 is to remove copyright protection from semiconductor topographies leaving the amended design right with its limited [length] as the only form of legal protection , apart from the law of confidence which will protect until , at least , the semiconductor products are made available .

The duration of the semiconductor design right depends on if and when the topography is commercially exploited .
the [length] of the semiconductor design right depends on if and when the topography is commercially exploited .

The licence may be for a fixed , perhaps renewable , period of time or there may be no mention of duration , in which case it can be assumed that the licence will last as long as the software is subject to copyright protection .
the licence may be for a fixed , perhaps renewable , period of time or there may be no mention of [length] , in which case it can be assumed that the licence will last as long as the software is subject to copyright protection .

To summarize , where know means `` experience directly `` , the knowing is frequently represented as accompanying the action experienced , instant by instant , throughout its duration — a coincidence in time which calls for the bare infinitive .
to summarize , where know means `` experience directly `` , the knowing is frequently represented as accompanying the action experienced , instant by instant , throughout its [length] — a coincidence in time which calls for the bare infinitive .

Three or more miners were to he supplied and paid `` from time to time `` for the first three months but after this duration six able bodied miners were to he provided . ``
three or more miners were to he supplied and paid `` from time to time `` for the first three months but after this [length] six able bodied miners were to he provided . ``

These `` bunches `` were rich though of short duration .
these `` bunches `` were rich though of short [length] .

Syllables , in turn , are grouped together in rhythm patterns which are formed by combinations of such features as duration ( length ) , pitch , ad stress .
syllables , in turn , are grouped together in rhythm patterns which are formed by combinations of such features as [length] ( length ) , pitch , ad stress .

Summer gales were rarely of long duration in our experience , and if it blew really hard we used to snug down in the lee of one of the many anchorages and take to the hills for a change .
summer gales were rarely of long [length] in our experience , and if it blew really hard we used to snug down in the lee of one of the many anchorages and take to the hills for a change .

Various parameters are used to assess the severity of reflux , for example , percentage time for which the oesophagus reaches a pH of less than 4 , number of episodes , and average duration of each reflux episode .
various parameters are used to assess the severity of reflux , for example , percentage time for which the oesophagus reaches a ph of less than 4 , number of episodes , and average [length] of each reflux episode .

The duration of exposure of the lower oesophagus to acid in patients with Barrett 's columnar lined lower oesophagus is illustrated in Figure 2 , and shows that both groups had markedly increased acid exposure ( % total time pH < 4= 19.2 ( 5.1 ) % v 19.3 ( 4.9 ) % ) , in comparison with asymptomatic controls .
the [length] of exposure of the lower oesophagus to acid in patients with barrett 's columnar lined lower oesophagus is illustrated in figure 2 , and shows that both groups had markedly increased acid exposure ( % total time ph < 4= 19.2 ( 5.1 ) % v 19.3 ( 4.9 ) % ) , in comparison with asymptomatic controls .

Gastro-esophageal reflux disease is influenced by the magnitude and duration of acid reflux episodes , and a number of mechanical factors serve to prevent acid reflux in health .
gastro-esophageal reflux disease is influenced by the magnitude and [length] of acid reflux episodes , and a number of mechanical factors serve to prevent acid reflux in health .

The stone free patients with radiolucent stones had a median duration of therapy of 124 days ( 95 days for patients with solitary stones less than 20 mm ) and 216 days for patients with calcified stones .
the stone free patients with radiolucent stones had a median [length] of therapy of 124 days ( 95 days for patients with solitary stones less than 20 mm ) and 216 days for patients with calcified stones .

In the majority of patients , however , the pain is of short duration and responds well to spasmolytic medication or minor analgesics .
in the majority of patients , however , the pain is of short [length] and responds well to spasmolytic medication or minor analgesics .

All pairs were matched for age ( within five years ) , sex , disease duration ( within five years ) , and disease extent .
all pairs were matched for age ( within five years ) , sex , disease [length] ( within five years ) , and disease extent .

The two groups were comparable for age , sex , disease duration , and disease extent ( Table ) .
the two groups were comparable for age , sex , disease [length] , and disease extent ( table ) .

The total duration of maintenance drug treatment was comparable in the two groups .
the total [length] of maintenance drug treatment was comparable in the two groups .

Albumin/creatinine ratios were positively correlated with transferrin/creatinine ratios in both treatment groups ( mesalazine r=0.44 , p < 0.01 ; sulphasalazine r=0.38 , p < 0.05 ) but neither correlated with the duration of mesalazine treatment or cumulative mesalazine dose .
albumin/creatinine ratios were positively correlated with transferrin/creatinine ratios in both treatment groups ( mesalazine r=0.44 , p < 0.01 ; sulphasalazine r=0.38 , p < 0.05 ) but neither correlated with the [length] of mesalazine treatment or cumulative mesalazine dose .

Patients were questioned on the duration of symptoms and their current and past smoking histories .
patients were questioned on the [length] of symptoms and their current and past smoking histories .

Patients with idiopathic chronic constipation have a decreased number and duration of giant migrating complexes than healthy controls .
patients with idiopathic chronic constipation have a decreased number and [length] of giant migrating complexes than healthy controls .

This comparison , however , does not take into account the duration of follow up , and the number of patients who had previously had recurrence is too small to permit valid conclusions from a multivariate analysis .
this comparison , however , does not take into account the [length] of follow up , and the number of patients who had previously had recurrence is too small to permit valid conclusions from a multivariate analysis .

Duration of follow up After the present study was designed , longterm studies using actuarial analysis were published , which showed that a longer follow up period than two years was required to establish reliable recurrence data .
[length] of follow up after the present study was designed , longterm studies using actuarial analysis were published , which showed that a longer follow up period than two years was required to establish reliable recurrence data .

Patients presenting at Queen Elizabeth Hospital for Children between October 1982 and April 1990 found to be excreting Cryptosporidium in the stool were reviewed retrospectively to assess the presenting symptoms , duration of diarrhoea and patient characteristics .
patients presenting at queen elizabeth hospital for children between october 1982 and april 1990 found to be excreting cryptosporidium in the stool were reviewed retrospectively to assess the presenting symptoms , [length] of diarrhoea and patient characteristics .

Duration of diarrhoea was documented in 90/109 cases and is shown in Figure 3 .
[length] of diarrhoea was documented in 90/109 cases and is shown in figure 3 .

This was not related to the duration of diarrhoea ( χ 2 test , p > 0.05 ) .
this was not related to the [length] of diarrhoea ( χ 2 test , p > 0.05 ) .

These differed not only in duration but also in the molecular form in which the nitrogen was supplied ( protein , peptide , or amino acid ) .
these differed not only in [length] but also in the molecular form in which the nitrogen was supplied ( protein , peptide , or amino acid ) .

In six cases the diagnosis was confirmed shortly before the scan ; the remaining 27 had long standing disease ( mean duration 8.4 years , range 1–32 ) .
in six cases the diagnosis was confirmed shortly before the scan ; the remaining 27 had long standing disease ( mean [length] 8.4 years , range 1–32 ) .

Recent prospective studies have been unable to confirm a linear relationship between alcohol intake and the development of cirrhosis , and even for steatosis , the severity has been found to be unrelated to the amount , duration , or type of alcohol consumed .
recent prospective studies have been unable to confirm a linear relationship between alcohol intake and the development of cirrhosis , and even for steatosis , the severity has been found to be unrelated to the amount , [length] , or type of alcohol consumed .

the mean duration of follow up in the 14 remaining patients was 4.5 years ( range : 1–7.5 years ) .
the mean [length] of follow up in the 14 remaining patients was 4.5 years ( range : 1–7.5 years ) .

To overcome this difficulty , the estimated cumulative proportion of ulcers relapsing on each treatment was calculated using life tables and the log rank test as described by Peto et al because this method uses the actual duration of the ulcer free period for each patient and allows any censored data to be incorporated into the calculation up to the point at which the patient drops out of the trial .
to overcome this difficulty , the estimated cumulative proportion of ulcers relapsing on each treatment was calculated using life tables and the log rank test as described by peto et al because this method uses the actual [length] of the ulcer free period for each patient and allows any censored data to be incorporated into the calculation up to the point at which the patient drops out of the trial .

In the absence of any significant anti-secretory effects , it seems likely that the beneficial action of cisapride reported in this study results from its prokinetic qualities , which might enhance the clearance of acidic gastric effluent from the bulb , and thereby reduce its duration of contact with the duodenal mucosa .
in the absence of any significant anti-secretory effects , it seems likely that the beneficial action of cisapride reported in this study results from its prokinetic qualities , which might enhance the clearance of acidic gastric effluent from the bulb , and thereby reduce its [length] of contact with the duodenal mucosa .

Measures of magnitude , duration , and extent of oesophageal distention — Occurrence of a pattern of intraoesophageal pressure oscillation identical to that of intragastric pressure during a common cavity episode was taken to indicate a period of communication between the lumina of the esophageal body and stomach .
measures of magnitude , [length] , and extent of oesophageal distention — occurrence of a pattern of intraoesophageal pressure oscillation identical to that of intragastric pressure during a common cavity episode was taken to indicate a period of communication between the lumina of the esophageal body and stomach .

The presence of hepatic disease was determined by abnormal liver biochemistry tests ( gammaglutamyl transferase > 50 IU/l , 5'nucleotidase > 15 IU/l ) of at least six months duration , histological evidence of fibrosis/cirrhosis on liver biopsy and the presence of portal hypertension , or both .
the presence of hepatic disease was determined by abnormal liver biochemistry tests ( gammaglutamyl transferase > 50 iu/l , 5'nucleotidase > 15 iu/l ) of at least six months [length] , histological evidence of fibrosis/cirrhosis on liver biopsy and the presence of portal hypertension , or both .

Despite this , constipating agents and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with increasing duration of follow up .
despite this , constipating agents and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with increasing [length] of follow up .

It is also accepted that the presence of risk factors may affect the length of treatment required to effect healing but the optimal duration of treatment in the presence of specific risk factors has never been investigated .
it is also accepted that the presence of risk factors may affect the length of treatment required to effect healing but the optimal [length] of treatment in the presence of specific risk factors has never been investigated .

There was no significant difference in the duration of remission between patients who did or did not identify food sensitivities .
there was no significant difference in the [length] of remission between patients who did or did not identify food sensitivities .

The controlled trial compared duration of remission on an elimination diet ( n=10 ) with that on an unrefined carbohydrate , fibre rich diet ( n=10 ) .
the controlled trial compared [length] of remission on an elimination diet ( n=10 ) with that on an unrefined carbohydrate , fibre rich diet ( n=10 ) .

The four double blind challenges that were done were negative and only 30 % maintained remission for longer than 12 months indicating no influence of elimination diets on the duration of remission .
the four double blind challenges that were done were negative and only 30 % maintained remission for longer than 12 months indicating no influence of elimination diets on the [length] of remission .

Hence , the occurrence of food sensitivity in Crohn 's disease after elemental diet , its significance regarding the duration of remission achieved , and its value in the routine management of patients treated with elemental diet is uncertain .
hence , the occurrence of food sensitivity in crohn 's disease after elemental diet , its significance regarding the [length] of remission achieved , and its value in the routine management of patients treated with elemental diet is uncertain .

Our aim was to investigate food intolerances in Crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an attempt to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .
our aim was to investigate food intolerances in crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the [length] remission induced by diet in an attempt to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .

Figure 4 shows the duration of remission .
figure 4 shows the [length] of remission .

Figure 4 shows that their follow up time has ranged from seven to 55 months and the duration of their remission did not differ significantly ( p=0.1 ) from patients who did not have food sensitivity .
figure 4 shows that their follow up time has ranged from seven to 55 months and the [length] of their remission did not differ significantly ( p=0.1 ) from patients who did not have food sensitivity .

This suggests that some symptoms in patients with Crohn 's disease may stem from motility disturbance and such food related symptoms would be unlikely to influence the duration of remission .
this suggests that some symptoms in patients with crohn 's disease may stem from motility disturbance and such food related symptoms would be unlikely to influence the [length] of remission .

The increased proliferation and the significant upwards trend of the proliferating cells towards the apex of the crypt , seen in patients with adenomatous polyps , is a product of the increased S-phase duration of the pre-malignant cells and may be specifically related to cancer .
the increased proliferation and the significant upwards trend of the proliferating cells towards the apex of the crypt , seen in patients with adenomatous polyps , is a product of the increased s-phase [length] of the pre-malignant cells and may be specifically related to cancer .

The mean duration of pain at presentation was 32 months ( range 1 month to 28 years ) .
the mean [length] of pain at presentation was 32 months ( range 1 month to 28 years ) .

They had had the pain for a mean of 40 months ( range 2 months-28 years ) at presentation and a mean total duration at follow up of eight years ( range 2.5–35 years ) .
they had had the pain for a mean of 40 months ( range 2 months-28 years ) at presentation and a mean total [length] at follow up of eight years ( range 2.5–35 years ) .

their mean duration of pain at presentation was 11 months ( range 1–24 months ) .
their mean [length] of pain at presentation was 11 months ( range 1–24 months ) .

Cisapride also reduced both the number ( p < 0.01 ) and duration ( p < 0.05 ) of reflux episodes and significantly increased amplitude , duration , and propagation velocity of oesophageal contractions ( p < 0.05 ) but did not affect the number of contractions .
cisapride also reduced both the number ( p < 0.01 ) and [length] ( p < 0.05 ) of reflux episodes and significantly increased amplitude , [length] , and propagation velocity of oesophageal contractions ( p < 0.05 ) but did not affect the number of contractions .

Other motor abnormalities of the oesophagus that may contribute to the development of reflux oesophagitis are diminished peristaltic pressure amplitude , shortened duration and slowed propagation of the contraction waves , reduced peristaltic frequency , and delayed oesophageal transit .
other motor abnormalities of the oesophagus that may contribute to the development of reflux oesophagitis are diminished peristaltic pressure amplitude , shortened [length] and slowed propagation of the contraction waves , reduced peristaltic frequency , and delayed oesophageal transit .

To measure acid reflux , several were used : ( 1 ) total reflux time ( min ) , defined as the time with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 ; ( 2 ) total reflux time ( % ) , defined as the total time with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 expressed as a percentage of the analysed period ; ( 3 ) reflux episodes >6 s , defined as the number of episodes with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 lasting longer than 6 s ; ( 4 ) reflux episodes >5 min , defined as the number episodes with an intraoesophageal pH <4.0 lasting longer than 5 min ; ( 5 ) mean reflux duration ( min ) , defined as the mean duration of all reflux episodes ; ( 6 ) maximal reflux duration ( min ) , defined as the longest single reflux episode .
to measure acid reflux , several were used : ( 1 ) total reflux time ( min ) , defined as the time with an intraoesophageal ph <4.0 ; ( 2 ) total reflux time ( % ) , defined as the total time with an intraoesophageal ph <4.0 expressed as a percentage of the analysed period ; ( 3 ) reflux episodes >6 s , defined as the number of episodes with an intraoesophageal ph <4.0 lasting longer than 6 s ; ( 4 ) reflux episodes >5 min , defined as the number episodes with an intraoesophageal ph <4.0 lasting longer than 5 min ; ( 5 ) mean reflux [length] ( min ) , defined as the mean [length] of all reflux episodes ; ( 6 ) maximal reflux [length] ( min ) , defined as the longest single reflux episode .

To measure oesophageal body motility , variables measured were : ( 1 ) amplitude of contraction ( mm Hg ) , defined as the difference between the baseline pressure and the maximal pressure during the pressure event ; ( 2 ) duration of contraction ( s ) , defined as the time elapsed between the start and the end of the pressure event ; ( 3 ) area under the pressure curve ( mm Hg×s ) , calculated from the sum of all pressure values between the start and the end of the pressure event , multiplied by the sampling interval ; ( 4 ) propagation velocity ( cm/s ) , defined as the speed of a contraction and calculated from the delay time and the distance between the sensors ; ( 5 ) contractility ( mm Hg/s ) , defined as the maximal increment between consecutive pressure values divided by the sampling interval ; ( 6 ) total contractions ( No/24 h ) , defined as pressure curves that are not rejected as artifacts ; ( 7 ) propagated contractions ( No/24 h ) , defined as contractions that are detected by a proximal pressure transducer and followed by a contraction at the distal sensor .
to measure oesophageal body motility , variables measured were : ( 1 ) amplitude of contraction ( mm hg ) , defined as the difference between the baseline pressure and the maximal pressure during the pressure event ; ( 2 ) [length] of contraction ( s ) , defined as the time elapsed between the start and the end of the pressure event ; ( 3 ) area under the pressure curve ( mm hg×s ) , calculated from the sum of all pressure values between the start and the end of the pressure event , multiplied by the sampling interval ; ( 4 ) propagation velocity ( cm/s ) , defined as the speed of a contraction and calculated from the delay time and the distance between the sensors ; ( 5 ) contractility ( mm hg/s ) , defined as the maximal increment between consecutive pressure values divided by the sampling interval ; ( 6 ) total contractions ( no/24 h ) , defined as pressure curves that are not rejected as artifacts ; ( 7 ) propagated contractions ( no/24 h ) , defined as contractions that are detected by a proximal pressure transducer and followed by a contraction at the distal sensor .

To avoid multiple testing , only the major variables of interest were analysed — that is , for acid reflux : total reflux time , number and duration of reflux episodes ; for oesophageal motility : contraction amplitude and duration , area under the curve , propagation velocity , contractility , and number of contractions .
to avoid multiple testing , only the major variables of interest were analysed — that is , for acid reflux : total reflux time , number and [length] of reflux episodes ; for oesophageal motility : contraction amplitude and [length] , area under the curve , propagation velocity , contractility , and number of contractions .

During the upright period , cisapride further enhanced the duration of oesophageal contractions ( from 3.2 ( 2.8–4.2 ) s to 3.6 ( 3.0–4.4 ) s , p < 0.05 ) .
during the upright period , cisapride further enhanced the [length] of oesophageal contractions ( from 3.2 ( 2.8–4.2 ) s to 3.6 ( 3.0–4.4 ) s , p < 0.05 ) .

With placebo treatment , the duration of contraction was higher in the distal oesophagus , a finding that confirms earlier studies in healthy volunteers .
with placebo treatment , the [length] of contraction was higher in the distal oesophagus , a finding that confirms earlier studies in healthy volunteers .

The addition of cisapride led to a significant increase of median contraction amplitude and duration , but only in the mid and distal oesophagus .
the addition of cisapride led to a significant increase of median contraction amplitude and [length] , but only in the mid and distal oesophagus .

As cisapride increased both contraction amplitude and duration , the significant increase found in the area under the pressure curve could be expected .
as cisapride increased both contraction amplitude and [length] , the significant increase found in the area under the pressure curve could be expected .

They confirm the reports from short term stationary manometry studies indicating an increase of contraction amplitude and duration after intravenous injection of cisapride .
they confirm the reports from short term stationary manometry studies indicating an increase of contraction amplitude and [length] after intravenous injection of cisapride .

Although the combination of cisapride and ranitidine significantly increased amplitude , duration , and propagation velocity of oesophageal contractions , the changes in oesophageal motility seem small when compared with the considerable reduction in acid reflux .
although the combination of cisapride and ranitidine significantly increased amplitude , [length] , and propagation velocity of oesophageal contractions , the changes in oesophageal motility seem small when compared with the considerable reduction in acid reflux .

Controls comprised 21 patients with ileal pouches constructed during the same period who had been followed up for a mean duration of 43 months ( range 15–119 months ) and who had had endoscopies that showed no evidence of active inflammation .
controls comprised 21 patients with ileal pouches constructed during the same period who had been followed up for a mean [length] of 43 months ( range 15–119 months ) and who had had endoscopies that showed no evidence of active inflammation .

Oesophagitis was treated with omeprazole 40 mg/day for a median duration of 12 weeks .
oesophagitis was treated with omeprazole 40 mg/day for a median [length] of 12 weeks .

There was no significant change in any of the indices of oesophageal function after healing of oesophagitis ( lower oesophageal sphincter pressure =16.5 v 20 ; distal amplitude=52 v 60 ; middle amplitude=46 v 49 ; duration of contraction =3.1 v 3.1 ; velocity=3.3 v 3.3 ; erect transit time=9 v 9 ; supine transit time=17 v 24 ; acid clearance test ( sitting ) =350 v 371 ; acid clearance test ( supine ) =536 v 645 ) .
there was no significant change in any of the indices of oesophageal function after healing of oesophagitis ( lower oesophageal sphincter pressure =16.5 v 20 ; distal amplitude=52 v 60 ; middle amplitude=46 v 49 ; [length] of contraction =3.1 v 3.1 ; velocity=3.3 v 3.3 ; erect transit time=9 v 9 ; supine transit time=17 v 24 ; acid clearance test ( sitting ) =350 v 371 ; acid clearance test ( supine ) =536 v 645 ) .

The key element in the pathogenesis of reflux oesophagitis is the acid load at the oesophageal mucosal surface which is a function of the hydrogen ion concentration and the duration of exposure to it .
the key element in the pathogenesis of reflux oesophagitis is the acid load at the oesophageal mucosal surface which is a function of the hydrogen ion concentration and the [length] of exposure to it .

All patients were treated with omeprazole 40 mg/day for a median duration of 12 weeks ( range 8–23 ) , at which time endoscopy showed complete healing of oesophagitis , defined as 100 % re-epithelialisation of the oesophageal mucosa .
all patients were treated with omeprazole 40 mg/day for a median [length] of 12 weeks ( range 8–23 ) , at which time endoscopy showed complete healing of oesophagitis , defined as 100 % re-epithelialisation of the oesophageal mucosa .

The duration of contraction was also measured separately for each level in the same way .
the [length] of contraction was also measured separately for each level in the same way .

One patient showed 100 % aperistalsis both before and after treatment , and it was not therefore possible to measure amplitude , duration , or velocity of propagation in this patient .
one patient showed 100 % aperistalsis both before and after treatment , and it was not therefore possible to measure amplitude , [length] , or velocity of propagation in this patient .

Thirdly , the improvement in peristaltic amplitudes was associated with a significant increase in the duration of contraction raising the possibility that it simply reflected a response to a degree of obstruction at the level of the lower oesophageal sphincter .
thirdly , the improvement in peristaltic amplitudes was associated with a significant increase in the [length] of contraction raising the possibility that it simply reflected a response to a degree of obstruction at the level of the lower oesophageal sphincter .

There is precedence for this long duration between introduction of the drug and the development of hepatitis .
there is precedence for this long [length] between introduction of the drug and the development of hepatitis .

In particular , there was no correlation between these scores and the duration of pouch functioning .
in particular , there was no correlation between these scores and the [length] of pouch functioning .

The qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by Adam and Foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .
the qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , [length] of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by adam and foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .

Thus , the mean duration of colitis at the time of diagnosis of stricture was 14.5 years in the benign group ( range 1.5–35 years ) and 25 years in the malignant group ( range 10–40 years ) .
thus , the mean [length] of colitis at the time of diagnosis of stricture was 14.5 years in the benign group ( range 1.5–35 years ) and 25 years in the malignant group ( range 10–40 years ) .

Figure 1 shows the proportions of benign and malignant strictures by duration of colitis .
figure 1 shows the proportions of benign and malignant strictures by [length] of colitis .

In the deDombal study , all strictures were benign , but in 92 % of patients ( 48 of 52 ) they had occurred within the first 20 years of disease ; the lack of malignancy among their strictures was therefore attributable to the fact that most of their patients had disease of short duration .
in the dedombal study , all strictures were benign , but in 92 % of patients ( 48 of 52 ) they had occurred within the first 20 years of disease ; the lack of malignancy among their strictures was therefore attributable to the fact that most of their patients had disease of short [length] .

The reaction onset time was defined as the duration from the last given dose eliciting the symptoms .
the reaction onset time was defined as the [length] from the last given dose eliciting the symptoms .

Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is more likely to be associated with hypoxia as this procedure is often of longer duration ; a combination of sedatives is often used and many patients have underlying cardiorespiratory disorders .
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is more likely to be associated with hypoxia as this procedure is often of longer [length] ; a combination of sedatives is often used and many patients have underlying cardiorespiratory disorders .

These patients were characterised by an early onset and long duration of pernicious anaemia .
these patients were characterised by an early onset and long [length] of pernicious anaemia .

These data may therefore indicate that when the gastrin concentration giving maximal trophic effect is reached , further growth of the enterochromaffin like cells id eependent on the duration of the hypergastrinaemia .
these data may therefore indicate that when the gastrin concentration giving maximal trophic effect is reached , further growth of the enterochromaffin like cells id eependent on the [length] of the hypergastrinaemia .

Twenty six patients ( 12 men , 14 women ; mean age 28 yr , ranging 30–80 ) with active Crohn 's disease ( duration of the disease one to 11 years ) located to the colon ( 15 ) , the ileum ( three ) or both ( eight ) , were investigated .
twenty six patients ( 12 men , 14 women ; mean age 28 yr , ranging 30–80 ) with active crohn 's disease ( [length] of the disease one to 11 years ) located to the colon ( 15 ) , the ileum ( three ) or both ( eight ) , were investigated .

Furthermore , we have analysed potential correlations between individual motor function disturbances and age or duration of diabetes using univariate histograms and bivariate scatter plots ( generalized draftman 's display ) .
furthermore , we have analysed potential correlations between individual motor function disturbances and age or [length] of diabetes using univariate histograms and bivariate scatter plots ( generalized draftman 's display ) .

The ages of the patients were 58 and 68 years , and the duration of pernicious anaemia was seven and three years , respectively .
the ages of the patients were 58 and 68 years , and the [length] of pernicious anaemia was seven and three years , respectively .

The ages of the patients were 51 and 55 years , the duration of pernicious anaemia 8 and 20 years , and serum gastrin 1550 and 208 pmol/l , respectively .
the ages of the patients were 51 and 55 years , the [length] of pernicious anaemia 8 and 20 years , and serum gastrin 1550 and 208 pmol/l , respectively .

Statistical comparisons of means or percentages were performed between sexes , ages , duration of symptoms before diagnosis , symptoms , data obtained from physical examination , laboratory data abnormalities , radiological and endoscopic findings , and the macroscopic appearances in the gastrectomy specimen in the joint low/mixed grade group v those in the high grade group .
statistical comparisons of means or percentages were performed between sexes , ages , [length] of symptoms before diagnosis , symptoms , data obtained from physical examination , laboratory data abnormalities , radiological and endoscopic findings , and the macroscopic appearances in the gastrectomy specimen in the joint low/mixed grade group v those in the high grade group .

The mean duration of complete remission in the low grade group was 65 ( 48 ) months ( range 6 to 156 ) and only 1 of 15 ( 6.6 % ) patients relapsed after 48 months .
the mean [length] of complete remission in the low grade group was 65 ( 48 ) months ( range 6 to 156 ) and only 1 of 15 ( 6.6 % ) patients relapsed after 48 months .

In the mixed grade group , the mean duration of complete remission was 46 ( 31 ) months ( range 5 to 88 ) and no relapse was recorded .
in the mixed grade group , the mean [length] of complete remission was 46 ( 31 ) months ( range 5 to 88 ) and no relapse was recorded .

In the high grade group , the mean duration of complete remission was 66 ( 101 ) months ( range 4–354 ) ; 2 of 12 ( 16.7 % ) of the patients in complete remission relapsed after 48 months .
in the high grade group , the mean [length] of complete remission was 66 ( 101 ) months ( range 4–354 ) ; 2 of 12 ( 16.7 % ) of the patients in complete remission relapsed after 48 months .

The latter is presently complete up to 1987 , and the maximum duration of follow-up is now 11 years .
the latter is presently complete up to 1987 , and the maximum [length] of follow-up is now 11 years .

Eight patients were ‘ reformed ’ drinkers having abstained from alcohol for a duration ranging from two months to several years and five of this group had biopsy proven cirrhosis .
eight patients were ‘ reformed ’ drinkers having abstained from alcohol for a [length] ranging from two months to several years and five of this group had biopsy proven cirrhosis .

In patients with ulcerative colitis who underwent a total ( nine ) or subtotal ( five ) colectomy the percentage of perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positivity remained unchanged regardless of the time passed after colectomy ( maximum duration of follow up was over 20 years ) .
in patients with ulcerative colitis who underwent a total ( nine ) or subtotal ( five ) colectomy the percentage of perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positivity remained unchanged regardless of the time passed after colectomy ( maximum [length] of follow up was over 20 years ) .

In this way all the procedures were short in duration and were performed with minimal sedation .
in this way all the procedures were short in [length] and were performed with minimal sedation .

The mean duration of the disease from first diagnosis to the time of first biliary stent placement was 65 months ( range 5–180 ) .
the mean [length] of the disease from first diagnosis to the time of first biliary stent placement was 65 months ( range 5–180 ) .

It is , therefore , possible that in the presence of an autonomic neuropathy of long duration the number of working sweat glands decreases and their distribution becomes irregular .
it is , therefore , possible that in the presence of an autonomic neuropathy of long [length] the number of working sweat glands decreases and their distribution becomes irregular .

The decrease in spot density with age observed in patients with constipation is not therefore an age related factor , but is most probably related to the duration of the symptoms as most had been constipated for many years .
the decrease in spot density with age observed in patients with constipation is not therefore an age related factor , but is most probably related to the [length] of the symptoms as most had been constipated for many years .

Patients included in the present study had diarrhoea that in some cases was of long duration .
patients included in the present study had diarrhoea that in some cases was of long [length] .

Even Ron Barton of the True Brit , the paper which the Saatchi Brothers claimed had taken the heat out of the Sun , had moved into his brother-in-law 's house in Kemp Town ‘ for the duration ’ .
even ron barton of the true brit , the paper which the saatchi brothers claimed had taken the heat out of the sun , had moved into his brother-in-law 's house in kemp town ‘ for the [length] ’ .

Lastly , assume that the prevailing risk-free rate of return for the duration of the investor 's time horizon is 10 per cent .
lastly , assume that the prevailing risk-free rate of return for the [length] of the investor 's time horizon is 10 per cent .

This paradox has been considered by Dyl and Hoffmeister who used the concept of duration ( see Chapter 10 ) to show that there might be a relationship between dividends and beta .
this paradox has been considered by dyl and hoffmeister who used the concept of [length] ( see chapter 10 ) to show that there might be a relationship between dividends and beta .

duration and convexity .
[length] and convexity .

The solution is to divide the entire maturity spectrum into grid dates ( denoted ) and to allocate coupon payments between two grid dates in a way that preserves either the present value of the bond 's cash flows or the duration of the bond ( duration is defined in the next section ) .
the solution is to divide the entire maturity spectrum into grid dates ( denoted ) and to allocate coupon payments between two grid dates in a way that preserves either the present value of the bond 's cash flows or the [length] of the bond ( [length] is defined in the next section ) .

There are a number of measures of interest rate risk that we will consider : duration , convexity and dispersion .
there are a number of measures of interest rate risk that we will consider : [length] , convexity and dispersion .

5.8.1 Duration
5.8.1 [length]

The measure of interest rate risk typically used by bond analysts is called duration .
the measure of interest rate risk typically used by bond analysts is called [length] .

We can examine some of the properties of duration .
we can examine some of the properties of [length] .

Duration is always less than ( or equal to ) maturity .
[length] is always less than ( or equal to ) maturity .

In the above example , the coupon element contributes 0.5 years to duration , while the principal element contributes 2.24 years .
in the above example , the coupon element contributes 0.5 years to [length] , while the principal element contributes 2.24 years .

Duration also varies with coupon , yield and maturity .
[length] also varies with coupon , yield and maturity .

For a zero-coupon bond , duration equals the term to maturity .
for a zero-coupon bond , [length] equals the term to maturity .

For a perpetual bond , duration is given by where is the current yield ( see ( 5.5 ) ) .
for a perpetual bond , [length] is given by where is the current yield ( see ( 5.5 ) ) .

Equation ( 5.48 ) provides the limiting value to duration .
equation ( 5.48 ) provides the limiting value to [length] .

For bonds trading at or above par ( so that ) , duration increases with maturity and approaches this limit from below .
for bonds trading at or above par ( so that ) , [length] increases with maturity and approaches this limit from below .

For bonds trading at a discount to par ( so that rm ) , duration increases to a maximum at around 20 years and then declines towards the limit given by ( 5.48 ) .
for bonds trading at a discount to par ( so that rm ) , [length] increases to a maximum at around 20 years and then declines towards the limit given by ( 5.48 ) .

So in general , duration increases with maturity ( see Fig .
so in general , [length] increases with maturity ( see fig .

Duration increases as coupon and yield decrease as shown in Fig .
[length] increases as coupon and yield decrease as shown in fig .

As the coupon falls , more of the relative weight of the cash flows is transferred to the maturity date and this causes duration to rise .
as the coupon falls , more of the relative weight of the cash flows is transferred to the maturity date and this causes [length] to rise .

Because the coupon on index-linked gilts is much lower than on conventional gilts , this means that the duration of index-linked gilts will be much higher than for conventional gilts with the same maturity .
because the coupon on index-linked gilts is much lower than on conventional gilts , this means that the [length] of index-linked gilts will be much higher than for conventional gilts with the same maturity .

This has the effect of increasing the relative weight given to nearer cash flows and hence of reducing duration .
this has the effect of increasing the relative weight given to nearer cash flows and hence of reducing [length] .

That duration is a measure of interest rate risk is demonstrated as follows .
that [length] is a measure of interest rate risk is demonstrated as follows .

The slope of the present-value profile at the current bond price and yield to maturity is equal to the ( negative of the ) duration of the bond .
the slope of the present-value profile at the current bond price and yield to maturity is equal to the ( negative of the ) [length] of the bond .

The flatter the present-value profile , the lower the duration and the less the interest rate risk .
the flatter the present-value profile , the lower the [length] and the less the interest rate risk .

Duration can be regarded as a first-order measure of interest rate risk : it measures the slope of the present-value profile .
[length] can be regarded as a first-order measure of interest rate risk : it measures the slope of the present-value profile .

Duration is a linear approximation to the present-value profile .
[length] is a linear approximation to the present-value profile .

Duration , convexity and dispersion are all related as follows : .
[length] , convexity and dispersion are all related as follows : .

What is ‘ duration ’ ? Why is it a measure of interest rate risk ?
what is ‘ [length] ’ ? why is it a measure of interest rate risk ?

Prove that the duration of a perpetual bond is equal to the inverse of the current yield on the bond .
prove that the [length] of a perpetual bond is equal to the inverse of the current yield on the bond .

There are no price limits on the contract throughout its entire duration .
there are no price limits on the contract throughout its entire [length] .

Decisions in project management start with the choice of project and spread throughout its duration .
decisions in project management start with the choice of project and spread throughout its [length] .

The project is broken down into a series of well-defined jobs of short duration whose cost and time can be estimated .
the project is broken down into a series of well-defined jobs of short [length] whose cost and time can be estimated .

In doing so the project will move from a generalized concept through progressive degrees of refinement and detail , removing uncertainty and increasing knowledge at each stage over the duration of the project .
in doing so the project will move from a generalized concept through progressive degrees of refinement and detail , removing uncertainty and increasing knowledge at each stage over the [length] of the project .

For the duration of a project stage the individual has only to look at one sheet of paper to see the position reached , moving directly to further specific information if and when necessary .
for the [length] of a project stage the individual has only to look at one sheet of paper to see the position reached , moving directly to further specific information if and when necessary .

On completion the time is noted and the duration recorded .
on completion the time is noted and the [length] recorded .

The German Commandant had dreamt of a mute Jewish whore and when he was issued one for the duration his cup overflowed .
the german commandant had dreamt of a mute jewish whore and when he was issued one for the [length] his cup overflowed .

O'Neill survived but as he goes on to record : ‘ The Catholic streets in Belfast became and remained a forest of Irish Republican flags for the duration of the celebrations .
o'neill survived but as he goes on to record : ‘ the catholic streets in belfast became and remained a forest of irish republican flags for the [length] of the celebrations .

Consideration of this question was pushed aside , blotted out for the duration .
consideration of this question was pushed aside , blotted out for the [length] .

Europa threatens to do both throughout its 117-minute duration , but this Danish/Swedish/German/French co-production at least has a good excuse : the experience is meant to be unpleasant .
europa threatens to do both throughout its 117-minute [length] , but this danish/swedish/german/french co-production at least has a good excuse : the experience is meant to be unpleasant .

Until 1969 no property passed upon the death of a member of a class of beneficiaries under a discretionary trust , and no estate duty ( the precursor of inheritance tax ) was therefore payable for the duration of the trust .
until 1969 no property passed upon the death of a member of a class of beneficiaries under a discretionary trust , and no estate duty ( the precursor of inheritance tax ) was therefore payable for the [length] of the trust .

This includes phrasing , changes in tempo and dynamic , the precise duration of notes and pauses , the way in which a sound begins and dies away .
this includes phrasing , changes in tempo and dynamic , the precise [length] of notes and pauses , the way in which a sound begins and dies away .

The Commission proposes that 1993 be the start of a transition period of indefinite duration , during which quotas will be lifted while imports are tightly monitored .
the commission proposes that 1993 be the start of a transition period of indefinite [length] , during which quotas will be lifted while imports are tightly monitored .

Yet it seems hardly less lacking in vitality , and manages to make its commendably brief duration of 86 minutes feel like a great many more as it toils though a youthful crisis of conscience .
yet it seems hardly less lacking in vitality , and manages to make its commendably brief [length] of 86 minutes feel like a great many more as it toils though a youthful crisis of conscience .

All this is possible if you book a car through Enterprise to be collected at your arrival airport , for the duration of your holiday .
all this is possible if you book a car through enterprise to be collected at your arrival airport , for the [length] of your holiday .

The remaining covers apply for the duration of the booked holiday plus the period of travel from home to departure point and back home afterwards not exceeding 24 hours in each case .
the remaining covers apply for the [length] of the booked holiday plus the period of travel from home to departure point and back home afterwards not exceeding 24 hours in each case .

Make sure that it is valid for the duration of your holiday .
make sure that it is valid for the [length] of your holiday .

We will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , conditions and duration of the services provided .
we will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , conditions and [length] of the services provided .

Other medieval settlements have been excavated throughout the country , although far fewer in Wales than in England , but the scope of their excavation has usually been limited both in size and duration .
other medieval settlements have been excavated throughout the country , although far fewer in wales than in england , but the scope of their excavation has usually been limited both in size and [length] .

Whatever the exercise , start gradually and increase the duration progressively in order to build up your endurance and fitness .
whatever the exercise , start gradually and increase the [length] progressively in order to build up your endurance and fitness .

But if ‘ transcendence ’ means not that God is physically distant from the world , but that none of the characteristics of finite human life , like location , duration and change , applies to Him , then it is at least not an obvious contradiction to call Him both ‘ transcendent ’ and ‘ immanent ’ .
but if ‘ transcendence ’ means not that god is physically distant from the world , but that none of the characteristics of finite human life , like location , [length] and change , applies to him , then it is at least not an obvious contradiction to call him both ‘ transcendent ’ and ‘ immanent ’ .

By providing a daily income for the duration of your stay in hospital , plus a Convalescence Benefit payable after longer stays , the Plan can help you meet your overheads while you 're out of circulation — and add financial comfort while you 're getting back on your feet .
by providing a daily income for the [length] of your stay in hospital , plus a convalescence benefit payable after longer stays , the plan can help you meet your overheads while you 're out of circulation — and add financial comfort while you 're getting back on your feet .

Some people do not suffer such a reaction when taking such prescribed tablets as penicillin but , for those who do , it can often be relieved by regular eating of natural yoghourt for the duration of the course of treatment .
some people do not suffer such a reaction when taking such prescribed tablets as penicillin but , for those who do , it can often be relieved by regular eating of natural yoghourt for the [length] of the course of treatment .

Death , whatever it was , was a reality , a more important reality than life , if one were to judge by its duration .
death , whatever it was , was a reality , a more important reality than life , if one were to judge by its [length] .

By now , over 250 volunteers ( mostly university students ) have taken part in our experiments , the duration of which varies from 12 to 22 days .
by now , over 250 volunteers ( mostly university students ) have taken part in our experiments , the [length] of which varies from 12 to 22 days .

• It is not clear how the duration of sleep could be controlled as regularly as is observed to be the case .
• it is not clear how the [length] of sleep could be controlled as regularly as is observed to be the case .

We stress that this advice will not remove jet-lag but should minimize its duration .
we stress that this advice will not remove jet-lag but should minimize its [length] .

Table 11.3 gives a guide to the duration of jet-lag that might be expected after a single journey .
table 11.3 gives a guide to the [length] of jet-lag that might be expected after a single journey .

Who knows , if things get really out of hand , maybe the warring crack gangs of Oakland 's ghettos may be moved to declare a truce for the duration .
who knows , if things get really out of hand , maybe the warring crack gangs of oakland 's ghettos may be moved to declare a truce for the [length] .

There are three fundamental dimensions of quantity in experience : ( a ) intensity ; ( b ) ( spatial ) extensity ; and ( c ) duration .
there are three fundamental dimensions of quantity in experience : ( a ) intensity ; ( b ) ( spatial ) extensity ; and ( c ) [length] .

Finally , duration is correlated with the period of time for which the relevant neurones are active .
finally , [length] is correlated with the period of time for which the relevant neurones are active .

All the complex chemical changes that take place within every leaf are fuelled by the energy in light , and regulated by the intensity and duration of the light available .
all the complex chemical changes that take place within every leaf are fuelled by the energy in light , and regulated by the intensity and [length] of the light available .

Duration of meaningful contact , two and a half minutes , fifteen minutes .
[length] of meaningful contact , two and a half minutes , fifteen minutes .

The first is very short duration , maximum output attacks .
the first is very short [length] , maximum output attacks .

The first and most obvious change is to increase the duration of each exercise , but keeping the rest periods constant , that is 30 seconds ' exercise followed by 1 5 seconds ' rest .
the first and most obvious change is to increase the [length] of each exercise , but keeping the rest periods constant , that is 30 seconds ' exercise followed by 1 5 seconds ' rest .

No recurrent attack is ever as bad as the primary one , and the frequency , severity , and duration of subsequent attacks all tend to diminish .
no recurrent attack is ever as bad as the primary one , and the frequency , severity , and [length] of subsequent attacks all tend to diminish .

Had we stayed longer at that depth , necessitating a stop , it would have been shown on the bar graph ( deco stop ceiling ) and the main display for the duration of that stop .
had we stayed longer at that depth , necessitating a stop , it would have been shown on the bar graph ( deco stop ceiling ) and the main display for the [length] of that stop .

All offer trips of several days duration ; check carefully what you get .
all offer trips of several days [length] ; check carefully what you get .

Fusil decided to leapfrog a treacherous 50-mile section between the Caribbean coast and the foothills of the mountainous interior of Costa Rica to keep the duration of the race down to 10 days .
fusil decided to leapfrog a treacherous 50-mile section between the caribbean coast and the foothills of the mountainous interior of costa rica to keep the [length] of the race down to 10 days .

It also has a growth phase — ‘ childhood ’ — of rather fixed duration .
it also has a growth phase — ‘ childhood ’ — of rather fixed [length] .

The fixed duration , the stereotypy , of the growth phase , makes it possible for particular things to happen at particular times during embryonic development , as if governed by a strictly observed calendar .
the fixed [length] , the stereotypy , of the growth phase , makes it possible for particular things to happen at particular times during embryonic development , as if governed by a strictly observed calendar .

It has been well observed that classical revivals tend to be of short duration .
it has been well observed that classical revivals tend to be of short [length] .

Duration of Tests 18
[length] of tests 18

( iv ) Duration of Tests
( iv ) [length] of tests

The duration of tests at any one condition depends on the condition and again must be subject to variation in the light of findings as the test progresses . The following are suggested durations at different conditions :
the [length] of tests at any one condition depends on the condition and again must be subject to variation in the light of findings as the test progresses . the following are suggested durations at different conditions :

The probability increases as the test conditions approach market conditions and the duration of the test is longer .
the probability increases as the test conditions approach market conditions and the [length] of the test is longer .

It makes fifty stops en route , some of them of considerable duration , and , as has been shown , much time must be wasted at stations .
it makes fifty stops en route , some of them of considerable [length] , and , as has been shown , much time must be wasted at stations .

There is no need to worry about the duration of a record .
there is no need to worry about the [length] of a record .

Essential information on the progress of the project is conveyed throughout its duration and any enforced changes are notified promptly .
essential information on the progress of the project is conveyed throughout its [length] and any enforced changes are notified promptly .

Miller liked his ground cover to be permanent and he has not included ‘ any of the undershrubs , which are of short duration , such as Southernwood , Rosemary , Lavender , Lavender Cotton , etc .
miller liked his ground cover to be permanent and he has not included ‘ any of the undershrubs , which are of short [length] , such as southernwood , rosemary , lavender , lavender cotton , etc .

He criticized sellers of the single Yellow Rose , Rosa lutea , ‘ esteemed for their colour , but as these flowers have no scent and are of short duration , they do not merit the price they are generally sold at .
he criticized sellers of the single yellow rose , rosa lutea , ‘ esteemed for their colour , but as these flowers have no scent and are of short [length] , they do not merit the price they are generally sold at .

For full grant to be earned , One-Year courses extended over twenty-four weeks , each meeting of two hours ' duration with an equal division between instruction and class activity .
for full grant to be earned , one-year courses extended over twenty-four weeks , each meeting of two hours ' [length] with an equal division between instruction and class activity .

As a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter duration , than under the 1924 Regulations .
as a natural corollary of this initiative , extra-mural departments were permitted to provide courses at standards lower , and of shorter [length] , than under the 1924 regulations .

Almost all previous contact with the Board had been through courses of one or two days duration — mostly held on a trainee 's farm ( but also at local education colleges in England and Wales ) , with up to 70% of the time being spent on trainee participation and practice .
almost all previous contact with the board had been through courses of one or two days [length] — mostly held on a trainee 's farm ( but also at local education colleges in england and wales ) , with up to 70% of the time being spent on trainee participation and practice .

Afternoons were chosen by two-thirds as being especially suitable for courses of short duration .
afternoons were chosen by two-thirds as being especially suitable for courses of short [length] .

Drinks exercises introduce the notion of measurement , concentration of alcohol content ; information which will be necessary to carry out the recording of alcohol consumption throughout the duration of the course ( p. 3 ) .
drinks exercises introduce the notion of measurement , concentration of alcohol content ; information which will be necessary to carry out the recording of alcohol consumption throughout the [length] of the course ( p. 3 ) .

The duration of section 2 may be up to 28 days and of section 3 up to six months , although it is renewable .
the [length] of section 2 may be up to 28 days and of section 3 up to six months , although it is renewable .

By the end of our fieldwork , however , all the teams were offering a variety of schemes of one or two weeks duration in the summer and some additional provision was made at Easter and Christmas .
by the end of our fieldwork , however , all the teams were offering a variety of schemes of one or two weeks [length] in the summer and some additional provision was made at easter and christmas .

To the extent that training is provided , it varies greatly in nature , quality , duration , and goals .
to the extent that training is provided , it varies greatly in nature , quality , [length] , and goals .

Emergency Protection Orders will be of short duration and courts and their officers must work to timetables to avoid the damaging effects of delay and long drawn-out decision-making .
emergency protection orders will be of short [length] and courts and their officers must work to timetables to avoid the damaging effects of delay and long drawn-out decision-making .

The type and duration of abuse were not consistently recorded in social work records .
the type and [length] of abuse were not consistently recorded in social work records .

Care , of course , has to be taken not to equate , by necessity , duration with severity , for a child might be just as traumatized by one incident as by a succession of repeated incidents over time .
care , of course , has to be taken not to equate , by necessity , [length] with severity , for a child might be just as traumatized by one incident as by a succession of repeated incidents over time .

Mark Hudson Out of the strong came forth the sweetness Not so much an installation as a duration piece created with treacle and sugar cubes .
mark hudson out of the strong came forth the sweetness not so much an installation as a [length] piece created with treacle and sugar cubes .

Picketing and other intimidation will be illegal , and men involved in a stoppage will not be paid for its duration .
picketing and other intimidation will be illegal , and men involved in a stoppage will not be paid for its [length] .

The crux of the problem is the duration of the event .
the crux of the problem is the [length] of the event .

Commencement date and exact duration
commencement date and exact [length]

Detail start time and duration
detail start time and [length]

The disposal of run off from most types of terrace needs careful construction of a system of drains and channels usually designed on the basis of calculations ( or informed guesses ) on the probability of the intensity and duration of storms .
the disposal of run off from most types of terrace needs careful construction of a system of drains and channels usually designed on the basis of calculations ( or informed guesses ) on the probability of the intensity and [length] of storms .

The duration of cohabitation , however , has remained virtually unchanged .
the [length] of cohabitation , however , has remained virtually unchanged .

Tentative estimates suggest that the average duration of lone parenthood could be between three and five years .
tentative estimates suggest that the average [length] of lone parenthood could be between three and five years .

Direct tests of this suggestion have been conducted in experiments by Westbrook , Bond , and Feyer ( 1981 ) , by Bond and Westbrook ( 1982 ) , and by Westbrook , Provost , and Homewood ( 1982 ) , in which the duration of the initial pre-exposure trial was varied .
direct tests of this suggestion have been conducted in experiments by westbrook , bond , and feyer ( 1981 ) , by bond and westbrook ( 1982 ) , and by westbrook , provost , and homewood ( 1982 ) , in which the [length] of the initial pre-exposure trial was varied .

All three studies confirmed the Best and Gemberling ( 1977 ) effect when the exposure duration was brief but also found that more prolonged initial exposure generated latent inhibition both when the exposure-conditioning interval was short ( 3–4 h ) and when it was long ( 24 h or more ) .
all three studies confirmed the best and gemberling ( 1977 ) effect when the exposure [length] was brief but also found that more prolonged initial exposure generated latent inhibition both when the exposure-conditioning interval was short ( 3–4 h ) and when it was long ( 24 h or more ) .

7 Duration and Timing
7 [length] and timing

ii ) by seeking to exclude the duration provision ( see point 2 below ) .
ii ) by seeking to exclude the [length] provision ( see point 2 below ) .

The Labour leader and his closest advisers had decamped to a country hotel run by the local council while his own terraced house in Blackwood was being used a committee rooms for the duration of the campaign .
the labour leader and his closest advisers had decamped to a country hotel run by the local council while his own terraced house in blackwood was being used a committee rooms for the [length] of the campaign .

Duration : 6 — 7½ hours .
[length] : 6 — 7½ hours .

Duration : 4¼ — 7 hours .
[length] : 4¼ — 7 hours .

Duration : 5 — 8 hours .
[length] : 5 — 8 hours .

Duration : 9 — 10¼ hours .
[length] : 9 — 10¼ hours .

Duration : 5¾ — 7 hours .
[length] : 5¾ — 7 hours .

Duration : 4 hours .
[length] : 4 hours .

Duration : 55 minutes .
[length] : 55 minutes .

Duration : 1½ hours .
[length] : 1½ hours .

Duration : SeaCat 45 minutes , Hovercraft 35 minutes .
[length] : seacat 45 minutes , hovercraft 35 minutes .

Duration : 2½ hours .
[length] : 2½ hours .

Duration : 7 — 8½ hours .
[length] : 7 — 8½ hours .

Duration : 14 hours .
[length] : 14 hours .

As it happens , the problems of an unstaged Porgy are hardly less acute — a cast of 24 soloists and a duration of three and a quarter hours are not easily managed in the concert hall .
as it happens , the problems of an unstaged porgy are hardly less acute — a cast of 24 soloists and a [length] of three and a quarter hours are not easily managed in the concert hall .

Quantity in this sense , duration , is what musicians and musical composers are continually concerned with ; and so it is not surprising that poets of this way of thinking , like Pound and Bunting , show themselves avidly interested in poetry which has been , not at a level of theory but as a fact of performance , intimately associated with music : poetry that has been set , or has been written in the hope of being set , to music .
quantity in this sense , [length] , is what musicians and musical composers are continually concerned with ; and so it is not surprising that poets of this way of thinking , like pound and bunting , show themselves avidly interested in poetry which has been , not at a level of theory but as a fact of performance , intimately associated with music : poetry that has been set , or has been written in the hope of being set , to music .

Since each dot is followed by a spacing period equal to the dot duration , the dot signal length — shortest element in the code — is 1/80th of a second and the telegraphic speed is 80 Baud .
since each dot is followed by a spacing period equal to the dot [length] , the dot signal length — shortest element in the code — is 1/80th of a second and the telegraphic speed is 80 baud .

That tribunal said that where there was uncertainty as to the duration of the stay it was proper to consider the application as if ordinary residence was contemplated .
that tribunal said that where there was uncertainty as to the [length] of the stay it was proper to consider the application as if ordinary residence was contemplated .

But both Mr Cook and Mr Clarke also seemed determined to make up in duration what they lacked in originality .
but both mr cook and mr clarke also seemed determined to make up in [length] what they lacked in originality .

They have an incurable handicap which will remain with them for the duration of their lives .
they have an incurable handicap which will remain with them for the [length] of their lives .

The principle behind the fifty millesimal scale is the raising of the remedy 's dynamic strength whilst reducing the duration and intensity of its action by a high degree of dilution .
the principle behind the fifty millesimal scale is the raising of the remedy 's dynamic strength whilst reducing the [length] and intensity of its action by a high degree of dilution .

As a result the remedy can be repeated without causing the patient any aggravation ; or if aggravation should occur it will be of short duration , easily controlled .
as a result the remedy can be repeated without causing the patient any aggravation ; or if aggravation should occur it will be of short [length] , easily controlled .

In Berlin , Bismarck pretended to believe that the internal instability affecting France presented a danger to the peace of Europe , remarking to the British Ambassador that : ‘ If the present Constitutional Government in France had been three years instead of three months in existence , there would be some chance for its duration and the maintenance of peace .
in berlin , bismarck pretended to believe that the internal instability affecting france presented a danger to the peace of europe , remarking to the british ambassador that : ‘ if the present constitutional government in france had been three years instead of three months in existence , there would be some chance for its [length] and the maintenance of peace .

Although Orkney fishing is advertised as being free , most visitors join the Orkney Trout Fishing Association for the duration of their holiday .
although orkney fishing is advertised as being free , most visitors join the orkney trout fishing association for the [length] of their holiday .

Its precondition was that the surf at Waimea Bay should be over twenty feet for the entire duration of the day in which the contest would be surfed .
its precondition was that the surf at waimea bay should be over twenty feet for the entire [length] of the day in which the contest would be surfed .

The second area for concern relates to the duration of warrants .
the second area for concern relates to the [length] of warrants .

In other words , the period of fixed duration allows snooping of an unauthorized nature .
in other words , the period of fixed [length] allows snooping of an unauthorized nature .

Much less unacceptable would be a shorter warrant period , which should be the maximum duration possible , rather than the standard period in every case .
much less unacceptable would be a shorter warrant period , which should be the maximum [length] possible , rather than the standard period in every case .

In other words , the Home Secretary would have a discretion to exercise from case to case , with the result that the duration of each warrant would vary , subject to a statutory maximum period .
in other words , the home secretary would have a discretion to exercise from case to case , with the result that the [length] of each warrant would vary , subject to a statutory maximum period .

Duration 49′ 50″
[length] 49′ 50″

of many parts , which on account of their short duration can not be divided … .
of many parts , which on account of their short [length] can not be divided … .

One of the peculiarities revealed in many surviving documents from the Middle Ages is the lack of precision with which the times of events and measurements of duration were recorded .
one of the peculiarities revealed in many surviving documents from the middle ages is the lack of precision with which the times of events and measurements of [length] were recorded .

Even the concept of the hour was not used as a unit of duration before the time of Middle French .
even the concept of the hour was not used as a unit of [length] before the time of middle french .

Other subtle philosophical discussions concerned the contrast between the objective reality of the instant and the ideal nature of duration , because the latter is a mental construct , whereas the former is experienced ( the opposite of what we think in the West today ) .
other subtle philosophical discussions concerned the contrast between the objective reality of the instant and the ideal nature of [length] , because the latter is a mental construct , whereas the former is experienced ( the opposite of what we think in the west today ) .

However , properly targeted research on young males , particularly those from disadvantaged ethnic groups , which considers both the meaning and duration of unemployment … has yet to be done ’ .
however , properly targeted research on young males , particularly those from disadvantaged ethnic groups , which considers both the meaning and [length] of unemployment … has yet to be done ’ .

its duration , social assessments of blame , previous experience of steady employment , perception of future prospects , comparison with other groups , etc .
its [length] , social assessments of blame , previous experience of steady employment , perception of future prospects , comparison with other groups , etc .

There can be no further argument , except perhaps to say that to preserve the symmetry and consistency of match conditions between first-class cricket and Test cricket , a tenet so assiduously sought by the working party in its proposals , the duration of Test matches should be reduced to four days !
there can be no further argument , except perhaps to say that to preserve the symmetry and consistency of match conditions between first-class cricket and test cricket , a tenet so assiduously sought by the working party in its proposals , the [length] of test matches should be reduced to four days !

This means that it is important in analysing unemployment to take account of the average duration of unemployment spells , as well as the total number unemployed .
this means that it is important in analysing unemployment to take account of the average [length] of unemployment spells , as well as the total number unemployed .

Unemployment is clearly a more serious problem the greater is the number of unemployed and the longer is the average duration of unemployment spells .
unemployment is clearly a more serious problem the greater is the number of unemployed and the longer is the average [length] of unemployment spells .

Consideration of the duration of unemployment leads us to the possibility that a significant proportion of the unemployed could be short-term — perhaps less than four weeks in duration .
consideration of the [length] of unemployment leads us to the possibility that a significant proportion of the unemployed could be short-term — perhaps less than four weeks in [length] .

It is also useful to analyse the average duration of unemployment because , as we noted above , long-term unemployment is a more serious problem than short-term .
it is also useful to analyse the average [length] of unemployment because , as we noted above , long-term unemployment is a more serious problem than short-term .

Table 3.9 shows the duration of uncompleted unemployment spells in April 1985 .
table 3.9 shows the [length] of uncompleted unemployment spells in april 1985 .

They become mature and adult for working purposes at about eight or nine months and will continue to work for the duration of their life .
they become mature and adult for working purposes at about eight or nine months and will continue to work for the [length] of their life .

The authors of the paper do not suggest ignoring the age of the patient , quite the reverse : ‘ criteria appropriate for younger patients may not be suitable in the elderly , for whom effective stabilisation of disease , a partial remission , or a complete remission of short duration may be sufficient to achieve worthwhile prolongation of life with an acceptable quality of life .
the authors of the paper do not suggest ignoring the age of the patient , quite the reverse : ‘ criteria appropriate for younger patients may not be suitable in the elderly , for whom effective stabilisation of disease , a partial remission , or a complete remission of short [length] may be sufficient to achieve worthwhile prolongation of life with an acceptable quality of life .

Each Cabinet minister was allowed up to two ‘ special advisers ’ drawn from outside Whitehall who would serve as temporary civil servants for the duration of the administration .
each cabinet minister was allowed up to two ‘ special advisers ’ drawn from outside whitehall who would serve as temporary civil servants for the [length] of the administration .

its expected duration ;
its expected [length] ;

Even so , using multivariate analysis to adjust for many of these , including cigarette smoking , sex , duration of diabetes , hypertension and obesity , the Framingham investigators concluded that all these are insufficient to account for the excess incidence of coronary heart disease , particularly in female diabetics ( Garcia et al , 1974 ) .
even so , using multivariate analysis to adjust for many of these , including cigarette smoking , sex , [length] of diabetes , hypertension and obesity , the framingham investigators concluded that all these are insufficient to account for the excess incidence of coronary heart disease , particularly in female diabetics ( garcia et al , 1974 ) .

It is particularly appropriate for young patients with diabetes of only a few years ' duration and without complications .
it is particularly appropriate for young patients with diabetes of only a few years ' [length] and without complications .

For the non-obese Type 2 patient reducing the intake of refined carbohydrate may be effective , but many may need to progress to a sulphonylurea with intermediate duration of action such as glibenclamide .
for the non-obese type 2 patient reducing the intake of refined carbohydrate may be effective , but many may need to progress to a sulphonylurea with intermediate [length] of action such as glibenclamide .

Because of the short duration of the increased overburden resulting from overthrusting , the effects on footwall maturity levels are not drastic .
because of the short [length] of the increased overburden resulting from overthrusting , the effects on footwall maturity levels are not drastic .

Much less attention has been given to smooth-fronted waves of finite duration .
much less attention has been given to smooth-fronted waves of finite [length] .

Alas , the biggest deceptions in gramophone history comprised serious music , which was for many years ‘ cut down ’ , both in duration and instrumentation .
alas , the biggest deceptions in gramophone history comprised serious music , which was for many years ‘ cut down ’ , both in [length] and instrumentation .

The Coronation Scot service ceased at the outbreak of war in 1939 , and the coaches were stabled for the duration , two sets at Horwich Locomotive Works , and one at Lostock Hall .
the coronation scot service ceased at the outbreak of war in 1939 , and the coaches were stabled for the [length] , two sets at horwich locomotive works , and one at lostock hall .

In 1844 , after Coleman 's time , the course at the Edinburgh ‘ Dick ’ School was apparently a mere five or six months ' duration .
in 1844 , after coleman 's time , the course at the edinburgh ‘ dick ’ school was apparently a mere five or six months ' [length] .

Simply it is the extent of the annoyance reaction , depending not only on individual idiosyncrasies but on other factors including intensity , frequency , duration , the time , place and emotional context of its perception .
simply it is the extent of the annoyance reaction , depending not only on individual idiosyncrasies but on other factors including intensity , frequency , [length] , the time , place and emotional context of its perception .

You do n't suddenly go blind for the duration of a ‘ phone call and are , therefore , prey to all sorts of visual distractions — people walking past the window , someone coming in to see you and so on .
you do n't suddenly go blind for the [length] of a ‘ phone call and are , therefore , prey to all sorts of visual distractions — people walking past the window , someone coming in to see you and so on .

Our bodies already use the muscles required to walk , so it is simply a question of increasing the duration and then the intensity of our walking in order to build up to the fitness level that we require .
our bodies already use the muscles required to walk , so it is simply a question of increasing the [length] and then the intensity of our walking in order to build up to the fitness level that we require .

During aerobic walking your heart and breathing rates increase , level out , then remain there for the duration of the exercise .
during aerobic walking your heart and breathing rates increase , level out , then remain there for the [length] of the exercise .

The beauty of walking is that no matter where you start , you can gradually build up the duration and intensity of your routine until you reach the fitness level that you require .
the beauty of walking is that no matter where you start , you can gradually build up the [length] and intensity of your routine until you reach the fitness level that you require .

You should be listening carefully to what your body is telling you and you should be judging your pace and duration so that you finish tired and refreshed , not exhausted .
you should be listening carefully to what your body is telling you and you should be judging your pace and [length] so that you finish tired and refreshed , not exhausted .

They would burn like arc lamps for a very short duration .
they would burn like arc lamps for a very short [length] .

The duration of erections varies with age , as the following table shows :
the [length] of erections varies with age , as the following table shows :

In the days before shops the local people would stock up with goods not available at the weekly market , while those wishing to sell were able to dispose of surplus goods and livestock since the guild monopoly of local trade was suspended for the duration of the fair , so all buying and selling became concentrated at the fairs .
in the days before shops the local people would stock up with goods not available at the weekly market , while those wishing to sell were able to dispose of surplus goods and livestock since the guild monopoly of local trade was suspended for the [length] of the fair , so all buying and selling became concentrated at the fairs .

It is only part of a battery of equipment the cosmonauts use to counter the prolonged effect of weightlessness but it is an important one and some alternative will have to be found before women undertake long duration flights .
it is only part of a battery of equipment the cosmonauts use to counter the prolonged effect of weightlessness but it is an important one and some alternative will have to be found before women undertake long [length] flights .

Different problems face geologists on expedition in Tierra del Fuego where the field season is only two months long , a quarter of its duration in Zimbabwe .
different problems face geologists on expedition in tierra del fuego where the field season is only two months long , a quarter of its [length] in zimbabwe .

The duration of totality at each observing site provides an important clue to the size of the Moon 's shadow on the Earth , and thereby to the size of the Sun at the time of the eclipse .
the [length] of totality at each observing site provides an important clue to the size of the moon 's shadow on the earth , and thereby to the size of the sun at the time of the eclipse .

By the end of August rainfall deficiencies of three to five months duration had become established over much of South Australia , almost all of Victoria and New South Wales , Tasmania and southern Queensland .
by the end of august rainfall deficiencies of three to five months [length] had become established over much of south australia , almost all of victoria and new south wales , tasmania and southern queensland .

This would require prior authorisation from the Home Secretary for any procedure ‘ likely to cause pain , suffering or distress of more than momentary duration or trivial intensity , which can not be alleviated ’ .
this would require prior authorisation from the home secretary for any procedure ‘ likely to cause pain , suffering or distress of more than momentary [length] or trivial intensity , which can not be alleviated ’ .

This technology allows us to produce particle beams with enormous power ( up to a million amps at a few million volts ) but very short duration , typically one ten-millionth of a second .
this technology allows us to produce particle beams with enormous power ( up to a million amps at a few million volts ) but very short [length] , typically one ten-millionth of a second .

Certain temporary development is allowed as part of the process of development itself , thus contractor 's huts may be erected on the development site for the duration of the works .
certain temporary development is allowed as part of the process of development itself , thus contractor 's huts may be erected on the development site for the [length] of the works .

However , if the crisis has been particularly sharp and the depression of sufficient duration then it is more likely that the total of will increase sufficiently to push up the price of consumer goods .
however , if the crisis has been particularly sharp and the depression of sufficient [length] then it is more likely that the total of will increase sufficiently to push up the price of consumer goods .

All unpleasant , especially to a small child , but usually of brief duration and causing no lasting damage .
all unpleasant , especially to a small child , but usually of brief [length] and causing no lasting damage .

The individual duration of one man 's life spans just a fraction of a cosmic second in these dense , material vibrations .
the individual [length] of one man 's life spans just a fraction of a cosmic second in these dense , material vibrations .

Admirers of Furtwängler 's renowned mastery of large-scale symphonic structures will no doubt be disappointed that all the items presented here are of relatively short duration .
admirers of furtwängler 's renowned mastery of large-scale symphonic structures will no doubt be disappointed that all the items presented here are of relatively short [length] .

Billie 's Bounce for example ( ‘ The Charlie Parker Story ’ ) is heard in five separate though shamefully not chronologically ordered takes , including a suddenly interrupted ‘ short take ’ of 1:40 duration !
billie 's bounce for example ( ‘ the charlie parker story ’ ) is heard in five separate though shamefully not chronologically ordered takes , including a suddenly interrupted ‘ short take ’ of 1:40 [length] !

Make a separate record of your baby 's symptoms , with the time , duration and intensity .
make a separate record of your baby 's symptoms , with the time , [length] and intensity .

All the nagging discontents that had accumulated after ten days together burst out in a series of rows that increased in intensity and duration as the evening wore on .
all the nagging discontents that had accumulated after ten days together burst out in a series of rows that increased in intensity and [length] as the evening wore on .

The concentration and duration of exposure of a medication in the eye are determined by the character and dynamics of the preocular tear film .
the concentration and [length] of exposure of a medication in the eye are determined by the character and dynamics of the preocular tear film .

In addition , the Non-Oral department at the Royal Residential Schools in Manchester was requisitioned as a military hospital for the duration of the war , and there was overcrowding in the Main School as a result .
in addition , the non-oral department at the royal residential schools in manchester was requisitioned as a military hospital for the [length] of the war , and there was overcrowding in the main school as a result .

Wherever they were at school , a number of deaf children were unfortunate enough to stay there the whole duration of the war , neither seeing their parents nor going home for any holiday .
wherever they were at school , a number of deaf children were unfortunate enough to stay there the whole [length] of the war , neither seeing their parents nor going home for any holiday .

These sections present an introduction to each course , an outline of its content , and details of its duration and location .
these sections present an introduction to each course , an outline of its content , and details of its [length] and location .

First degree courses are usually of three years ' duration but are , in many instances , extended to include periods of professional training ( in industry , commerce or the public service ) or time spent abroad .
first degree courses are usually of three years ' [length] but are , in many instances , extended to include periods of professional training ( in industry , commerce or the public service ) or time spent abroad .

Satisfactory completion of a full-time foundation course in Art and Design of not less than one academic year in duration .
satisfactory completion of a full-time foundation course in art and design of not less than one academic year in [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The courses are of three or four years ' duration .
the courses are of three or four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three or four years ' duration .
the course is of three or four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three or four years ' duration .
the course is of three or four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three or four years ' duration .
the course is of three or four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three or four years ' duration .
the course is of three or four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of two years ' duration .
the course is of two years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of two years ' duration .
the course is of two years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of two years ' duration .
the course is of two years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of one year 's duration .
the course is of one year 's [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of two years ' duration .
the course is of two years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration , including an industrial placement year .
the course is of three years ' [length] , including an industrial placement year .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three or four years ' duration .
the course is of three or four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is for four years ' duration .
the course is for four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if the American Studies strand is taken after the first year ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if the american studies strand is taken after the first year ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if Asian Studies is taken as a joint or minor subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if asian studies is taken as a joint or minor subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if English is taken as a joint or minor subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if english is taken as a joint or minor subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

However , for students taking French as a major or joint subject with European Studies , the duration is four years , involving a year abroad in an appropriate country .
however , for students taking french as a major or joint subject with european studies , the [length] is four years , involving a year abroad in an appropriate country .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration if French is taken as a minor subject and of four years ' duration if taken as a major or joint subject .
the course is of three years ' [length] if french is taken as a minor subject and of four years ' [length] if taken as a major or joint subject .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if Geography is taken as a joint or minor subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if geography is taken as a joint or minor subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if German is taken in combination with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if german is taken in combination with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if History is taken as a minor or joint subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if history is taken as a minor or joint subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if Irish is taken as a joint or minor subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if irish is taken as a joint or minor subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if Media Studies is taken as a minor or joint subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if media studies is taken as a minor or joint subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration ( or four years if Philosophy is taken as a joint or minor subject with French ) .
the course is of three years ' [length] ( or four years if philosophy is taken as a joint or minor subject with french ) .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The BEng ( Hons ) course is of four years ' duration .
the beng ( hons ) course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of four years ' duration .
the course is of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The courses are of four years ' duration .
the courses are of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The courses are of four years ' duration .
the courses are of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The courses are of four years ' duration .
the courses are of four years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of three years ' duration .
the course is of three years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of two years ' duration .
the course is of two years ' [length] .

Location and Duration
location and [length]

The course is of two years ' duration .
the course is of two years ' [length] .

In fact , research in America has shown that many very happy and successful marriages , whether of five or thirty-five years ' duration , include very little sex .
in fact , research in america has shown that many very happy and successful marriages , whether of five or thirty-five years ' [length] , include very little sex .

Their nature and duration must be defined precisely .
their nature and [length] must be defined precisely .

practical arrangements , including the proposed number of treatment sessions , the likely duration of sessions , their timing and where they will occur .
practical arrangements , including the proposed number of treatment sessions , the likely [length] of sessions , their timing and where they will occur .

Frequency and duration of treatment sessions
frequency and [length] of treatment sessions

In that case the therapist should reconsider whether he has really offered appropriate help and whether the patient has understood what would be involved ; for example , the goals to be pursued and the duration of treatment .
in that case the therapist should reconsider whether he has really offered appropriate help and whether the patient has understood what would be involved ; for example , the goals to be pursued and the [length] of treatment .

Because of cultural , family or personality factors many people may suppress their grief , but allowing grief to be expressed often reduces its intensity or duration .
because of cultural , family or personality factors many people may suppress their grief , but allowing grief to be expressed often reduces its intensity or [length] .

The duration of all of these problems was 3 weeks .
the [length] of all of these problems was 3 weeks .

It followed that the periods varied in length from season to season and hence the duration of the hours fluctuated .
it followed that the periods varied in length from season to season and hence the [length] of the hours fluctuated .

Teachers ' salaries are relatively low compared with those for other professions requiring the same duration of training , so that there is no great incentive to become a teacher .
teachers ' salaries are relatively low compared with those for other professions requiring the same [length] of training , so that there is no great incentive to become a teacher .

The average duration of the quarrels was 23 seconds — surprisingly short .
the average [length] of the quarrels was 23 seconds — surprisingly short .

More intensive use of tropical forests is occurring where pressure on land is so acute that fallow periods of insufficient duration are creating environmental degradation .
more intensive use of tropical forests is occurring where pressure on land is so acute that fallow periods of insufficient [length] are creating environmental degradation .

For constipation with pain and or vomiting of a day or more duration .
for constipation with pain and or vomiting of a day or more [length] .

With nasal catarrh of some duration there may be loss of smell or taste .
with nasal catarrh of some [length] there may be loss of smell or taste .

Furthermore , during parent–child play , make-believe themes are more varied , and parents ’ verbal commentary is especially effective in raising both the duration and the complexity of play .
furthermore , during parent–child play , make-believe themes are more varied , and parents ’ verbal commentary is especially effective in raising both the [length] and the complexity of play .

Both hydrofoils and large , powerful catamarans will cut ferry journey times in half ; however you will sit in an air-conditioned interior cabin for the duration of your ride .
both hydrofoils and large , powerful catamarans will cut ferry journey times in half ; however you will sit in an air-conditioned interior cabin for the [length] of your ride .

There are also a wide range of quite strident regulations governing park usage and duration periods .
there are also a wide range of quite strident regulations governing park usage and [length] periods .

In 1940 , Mackenzie King and Franklin D. Roosevelt signed a joint American-Canadian defense pact , and a year later integrated their countries ’ economies for the duration of the war .
in 1940 , mackenzie king and franklin d. roosevelt signed a joint american-canadian defense pact , and a year later integrated their countries ’ economies for the [length] of the war .

German Qingdao suffered a curious fate during World War I. Japan , which joined the Allied forces , invaded the city , imprisoned the survivors of the German garrison , and occupied Qingdao for the duration of the war .
german qingdao suffered a curious fate during world war i. japan , which joined the allied forces , invaded the city , imprisoned the survivors of the german garrison , and occupied qingdao for the [length] of the war .

The report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years ' duration to assess the effects of substituting public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam .
the report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years ' [length] to assess the effects of substituting public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam .

A brief intervention in an emergency department by alcohol health workers demonstrated a mean reduction in drinking of 43 % for a subset of patients who were enrolled in the study.26 The pilot program in Texas described above demonstrated a 100 % successful referral to alcoholism treatment for patients and families who agreed to be in the program.21 A substance abuse consultation team in a trauma center reported acceptance of referral for drug or alcohol treatment in 62 % of the 100 consecutive cases retrospectively evaluated.27 Hemphill , Bennett , and Watkins reported successful referral of patients to treatment with nearly half of the 440 patients referred for treatment remaining for the duration of the treatment program.28 Early reports of screening and referral of patients have been promising in terms of reduction in drinking or in successful connection with appropriate alcohol treatment programs.29,30 For the most part , these interventions have used blood alcohol concentration as one of the critical defining features in screening for the intervention .
a brief intervention in an emergency department by alcohol health workers demonstrated a mean reduction in drinking of 43 % for a subset of patients who were enrolled in the study.26 the pilot program in texas described above demonstrated a 100 % successful referral to alcoholism treatment for patients and families who agreed to be in the program.21 a substance abuse consultation team in a trauma center reported acceptance of referral for drug or alcohol treatment in 62 % of the 100 consecutive cases retrospectively evaluated.27 hemphill , bennett , and watkins reported successful referral of patients to treatment with nearly half of the 440 patients referred for treatment remaining for the [length] of the treatment program.28 early reports of screening and referral of patients have been promising in terms of reduction in drinking or in successful connection with appropriate alcohol treatment programs.29,30 for the most part , these interventions have used blood alcohol concentration as one of the critical defining features in screening for the intervention .

In view of the lack of commonly accepted definitions of the elements , duration , and substance of the design review process , FFC decided to focus on practices for reviewing facility design over the entire facility acquisition process .
in view of the lack of commonly accepted definitions of the elements , [length] , and substance of the design review process , ffc decided to focus on practices for reviewing facility design over the entire facility acquisition process .

Participants should commit for the duration of the activity to ensure continuity .
participants should commit for the [length] of the activity to ensure continuity .

Temperature should be recorded continuously in at least one vessel during the duration of each test .
temperature should be recorded continuously in at least one vessel during the [length] of each test .

To meet this requirement , the intra-laboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intra-laboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test [length] , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .

Temperature should be recorded continuously in at least one vessel during the duration of each test .
temperature should be recorded continuously in at least one vessel during the [length] of each test .

To meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test [length] , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .

However , the sampling duration of a grab sample is so short that full characterization of an effluent over a 24-h period would require a prohibitively large number of separate samples and tests .
however , the sampling [length] of a grab sample is so short that full characterization of an effluent over a 24-h period would require a prohibitively large number of separate samples and tests .

However , the sampling duration of a grab sample is so short that full characterization of an effluent over a 24-h period would require a prohibitively large number of separate samples and tests .
however , the sampling [length] of a grab sample is so short that full characterization of an effluent over a 24-h period would require a prohibitively large number of separate samples and tests .

The net result would be a significant reduction in the duration and cost of screening tests with no appreciable impact on estimating MATCs for chemical hazard assessments .
the net result would be a significant reduction in the [length] and cost of screening tests with no appreciable impact on estimating matcs for chemical hazard assessments .

The net result would be a significant reduction in the duration and cost of screening tests with no appreciable impact on estimating MATCs for chemical hazard assessments .
the net result would be a significant reduction in the [length] and cost of screening tests with no appreciable impact on estimating matcs for chemical hazard assessments .

Temperature should be recorded continuously in at least one test vessel for the duration of each test .
temperature should be recorded continuously in at least one test vessel for the [length] of each test .

To meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test [length] , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .

Learning curves result from productivity improvements over the duration of the project .
learning curves result from productivity improvements over the [length] of the project .

Procurement contracts need to be negotiated only once , and only one project management team is needed over the duration of the contract .
procurement contracts need to be negotiated only once , and only one project management team is needed over the [length] of the contract .

One approximation is to make total engineering , project management , and testing proportional to the project duration .
one approximation is to make total engineering , project management , and testing proportional to the project [length] .

Erection of a PJFF would typically take 16 to 20 months from award of contract to start up.35 If 4 months is added for pre-contract effort and 1-2 months is provided for start up and commissioning , the total project duration would be anywhere from about 21 months to 26 months .
erection of a pjff would typically take 16 to 20 months from award of contract to start up.35 if 4 months is added for pre-contract effort and 1-2 months is provided for start up and commissioning , the total project [length] would be anywhere from about 21 months to 26 months .

As stated in section 4.4 , the total duration for a PJFF retrofit is estimated to be anywhere from about 21 months to 26 months , including pre-contract effort and start up and commissioning .
as stated in section 4.4 , the total [length] for a pjff retrofit is estimated to be anywhere from about 21 months to 26 months , including pre-contract effort and start up and commissioning .

However , the relative roles of PM exposure duration and PM exposure level in inducing premature mortality remain unknown at this time .
however , the relative roles of pm exposure [length] and pm exposure level in inducing premature mortality remain unknown at this time .

He also loosened the rules governing authorization for investigations and their duration .
he also loosened the rules governing authorization for investigations and their [length] .

For the first time , these strikes envisioned an air campaign against Afghanistan of indefinite duration .
for the first time , these strikes envisioned an air campaign against afghanistan of indefinite [length] .

Introduction In population studies , a dose-response relationship between short sleep duration and high body mass index ( BMI ) has been reported across all age groups [ 1–7 ] .
introduction in population studies , a dose-response relationship between short sleep [length] and high body mass index ( bmi ) has been reported across all age groups [ 1–7 ] .

A U-shaped curvilinear relationship between sleep duration and BMI was observed for women , but for men , there was a monotonic trend towards higher BMI with shorter sleep duration .
a u-shaped curvilinear relationship between sleep [length] and bmi was observed for women , but for men , there was a monotonic trend towards higher bmi with shorter sleep [length] .

A number of hormones may mediate the interactions between short sleep duration , metabolism , and high BMI .
a number of hormones may mediate the interactions between short sleep [length] , metabolism , and high bmi .

We hypothesized that the two key opposing hormones in appetite regulation , leptin and ghrelin [ 8,9 ] , play a significant role in the interaction between short sleep duration and high BMI .
we hypothesized that the two key opposing hormones in appetite regulation , leptin and ghrelin [ 8,9 ] , play a significant role in the interaction between short sleep [length] and high bmi .

We investigated the associations among sleep duration ( acute and habitual ) , metabolic hormones , and BMI in the population-based Wisconsin Sleep Cohort Study [ 14 ] .
we investigated the associations among sleep [length] ( acute and habitual ) , metabolic hormones , and bmi in the population-based wisconsin sleep cohort study [ 14 ] .

A 6-d diary of sleep duration was added as part of a protocol to assess daytime sleepiness after the initiation of the cohort study ; these data were available for 721 participants .
a 6-d diary of sleep [length] was added as part of a protocol to assess daytime sleepiness after the initiation of the cohort study ; these data were available for 721 participants .

Polysomnographic measures of acute sleep Polysomnographic measures of sleep duration just prior to blood sampling were used to evaluate degree of “ acute sleep restriction. ” “ Total sleep time ” was total hours of polysomnographically defined sleep .
polysomnographic measures of acute sleep polysomnographic measures of sleep [length] just prior to blood sampling were used to evaluate degree of “ acute sleep restriction. ” “ total sleep time ” was total hours of polysomnographically defined sleep .

Self-reported sleep measures of chronic sleep Two variables were used to evaluate degree of “ chronic sleep restriction ” by estimating average nightly sleep duration : ( i ) “ usual sleep ” ( from questionnaires ) and ( ii ) “ average nightly sleep ” ( from sleep diaries ) .
self-reported sleep measures of chronic sleep two variables were used to evaluate degree of “ chronic sleep restriction ” by estimating average nightly sleep [length] : ( i ) “ usual sleep ” ( from questionnaires ) and ( ii ) “ average nightly sleep ” ( from sleep diaries ) .

Sleep diary Average sleep duration was also estimated using a 6-d sleep diary , kept by 721 participants as part of an added protocol to measure daytime sleepiness .
sleep diary average sleep [length] was also estimated using a 6-d sleep diary , kept by 721 participants as part of an added protocol to measure daytime sleepiness .

In diaries , participants recorded the time they went to bed and arose each day , and the duration of any naps .
in diaries , participants recorded the time they went to bed and arose each day , and the [length] of any naps .

The Relationship between BMI and Sleep Duration For the analysis of the association of BMI and sleep duration , the sample comprised 1,040 participants with at least one 6-d sleep diary .
the relationship between bmi and sleep [length] for the analysis of the association of bmi and sleep [length] , the sample comprised 1,040 participants with at least one 6-d sleep diary .

An increase in BMI from 31.3 to 32.4 ( +3.6 % ) corresponded approximately to an average nightly sleep duration decrease from 8 h to 5 h , as estimated at the mean age ( 53.1 y ) and sex distribution ( 54.4 % male ) of the sample with available sleep diary data .
an increase in bmi from 31.3 to 32.4 ( +3.6 % ) corresponded approximately to an average nightly sleep [length] decrease from 8 h to 5 h , as estimated at the mean age ( 53.1 y ) and sex distribution ( 54.4 % male ) of the sample with available sleep diary data .

In the multiple regression model ( see Table 4 ) , there was a significant increasing trend in leptin for average nightly sleep duration ( p = 0.01 ) .
in the multiple regression model ( see table 4 ) , there was a significant increasing trend in leptin for average nightly sleep [length] ( p = 0.01 ) .

There was no significant correlation between sleep duration ( acute or chronic ) and serum adiponectin , insulin , glucose , or QUICKI .
there was no significant correlation between sleep [length] ( acute or chronic ) and serum adiponectin , insulin , glucose , or quicki .

Discussion We found that habitual sleep duration below 7.7 h was associated with increased BMI , similar to findings in other studies including children [ 1,17 ] , adolescents [ 5 ] , and adults [ 2,3 ] .
discussion we found that habitual sleep [length] below 7.7 h was associated with increased bmi , similar to findings in other studies including children [ 1,17 ] , adolescents [ 5 ] , and adults [ 2,3 ] .

We also report a significant association of sleep duration with leptin and ghrelin that is independent of BMI , age , sex , SDB , and other possible confounding factors ( analysis not shown for SDB and other confounders ) .
we also report a significant association of sleep [length] with leptin and ghrelin that is independent of bmi , age , sex , sdb , and other possible confounding factors ( analysis not shown for sdb and other confounders ) .

Short sleep duration was associated with decreased leptin and increased ghrelin , changes that have also been observed in reaction to food restriction and weight loss and are typically associated with increased appetite .
short sleep [length] was associated with decreased leptin and increased ghrelin , changes that have also been observed in reaction to food restriction and weight loss and are typically associated with increased appetite .

The changes in hormones with sleep duration were consistent and of significant magnitude .
the changes in hormones with sleep [length] were consistent and of significant magnitude .

Little is known about the stability of self-reported sleep duration and polysomnographic measures of sleep duration over time .
little is known about the stability of self-reported sleep [length] and polysomnographic measures of sleep [length] over time .

We examined the stability of the self-reported sleep duration data , and found these measures to be stable .
we examined the stability of the self-reported sleep [length] data , and found these measures to be stable .

Measures of appetite were not included in the Wisconsin Sleep Cohort Study overnight protocol ; therefore , a direct examination of the relationship between the observed hormone changes with sleep duration and alterations in appetite was not possible .
measures of appetite were not included in the wisconsin sleep cohort study overnight protocol ; therefore , a direct examination of the relationship between the observed hormone changes with sleep [length] and alterations in appetite was not possible .

When controlling for BMI , we found no significant correlation between insulin , glucose , or adiponectin levels and various measures of sleep duration .
when controlling for bmi , we found no significant correlation between insulin , glucose , or adiponectin levels and various measures of sleep [length] .

There was no significant correlation between QUICKI ( or the homeostatic model assessment HOMA [ 16 ] ; data not shown ) and sleep duration .
there was no significant correlation between quicki ( or the homeostatic model assessment homa [ 16 ] ; data not shown ) and sleep [length] .

Altering sleep duration may prove to be an important adjunct to preventing and treating obesity .
altering sleep [length] may prove to be an important adjunct to preventing and treating obesity .

Molecular studies have provided important data on such issues as the absolute dates of speciation events , the duration of speciation , and the time course of the evolution of RI .
molecular studies have provided important data on such issues as the absolute dates of speciation events , the [length] of speciation , and the time course of the evolution of ri .

Altogether , the six-dose regimen of co-artemether was highly effective at reducing the prevalence and duration of gametocyte carriage .
altogether , the six-dose regimen of co-artemether was highly effective at reducing the prevalence and [length] of gametocyte carriage .

There 's evidence of a general decline in winter sea ice extent and duration , Atkinson says , and of a general decline in krill populations—down 80 % over the past 30 years—over the entire southwest Atlantic sector .
there 's evidence of a general decline in winter sea ice extent and [length] , atkinson says , and of a general decline in krill populations—down 80 % over the past 30 years—over the entire southwest atlantic sector .

In the repeated interruptions arm , 18 of 21 patients reached the open-ended interruption following three TIs of 2 , 4 , and 6 wk duration , with median peak rises in viral loads of 136 ( 50–2,590 ) , 13,651 ( 180–222,589 ) , and 18,887 ( 3,893–96,101 ) copies/ml , respectively .
in the repeated interruptions arm , 18 of 21 patients reached the open-ended interruption following three tis of 2 , 4 , and 6 wk [length] , with median peak rises in viral loads of 136 ( 50–2,590 ) , 13,651 ( 180–222,589 ) , and 18,887 ( 3,893–96,101 ) copies/ml , respectively .

Follow-up during phase II had a median duration of 27 wk in both arms ( continuous therapy/single interruption arm , 27 [ 8.75–47 ] ; repeated interruptions arm , 27 [ 16.5–35 ] ) .
follow-up during phase ii had a median [length] of 27 wk in both arms ( continuous therapy/single interruption arm , 27 [ 8.75–47 ] ; repeated interruptions arm , 27 [ 16.5–35 ] ) .

There is a well-documented relationship between short sleep duration and high body mass index ( BMI ) .
there is a well-documented relationship between short sleep [length] and high body mass index ( bmi ) .

In the largest study , a survey on sleep duration and frequency of insomnia in more than 1.1 million participants , increasing BMI occurred for habitual sleep amounts below 7–8 hours [ 1 ] .
in the largest study , a survey on sleep [length] and frequency of insomnia in more than 1.1 million participants , increasing bmi occurred for habitual sleep amounts below 7–8 hours [ 1 ] .

Such lagged analyses can be helpful , but some chronic conditions of long duration , such as depression , chronic lung disease , and heart failure ( conditions that often may not reach the level of clinical diagnosis ) can lead to lower body weight and higher mortality risk .
such lagged analyses can be helpful , but some chronic conditions of long [length] , such as depression , chronic lung disease , and heart failure ( conditions that often may not reach the level of clinical diagnosis ) can lead to lower body weight and higher mortality risk .

Skeletal myofibers are innervated by motor neurons that contact each myofiber , and the intensity , duration , and timing of each muscle contraction are determined by the pattern of motor neuron firing .
skeletal myofibers are innervated by motor neurons that contact each myofiber , and the intensity , [length] , and timing of each muscle contraction are determined by the pattern of motor neuron firing .

This is simply the baseline scenario that produces a relatively stable prevalence rate over the duration of the projection , with the number of people living with HIV and the number of new infections rising slowly over time because of population growth .
this is simply the baseline scenario that produces a relatively stable prevalence rate over the [length] of the projection , with the number of people living with hiv and the number of new infections rising slowly over time because of population growth .

Lastly , it is noteworthy that we are not using a linear scale , but measures of both intensity and duration .
lastly , it is noteworthy that we are not using a linear scale , but measures of both intensity and [length] .

Duration of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions was highly variable , and there was no increase in the sustainability of viral containment during successive STI cycles .
[length] of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions was highly variable , and there was no increase in the sustainability of viral containment during successive sti cycles .

Correlation of Clinical and Genetic Markers with Duration of Viremia Control Although the study was small , we evaluated clinical and laboratory parameters to see if any was predictive of duration of viral control .
correlation of clinical and genetic markers with [length] of viremia control although the study was small , we evaluated clinical and laboratory parameters to see if any was predictive of [length] of viral control .

Time between onset of symptoms and institution of therapy did not affect duration of control following STI ( Cox proportional hazards regression model , p > 0.05 ) .
time between onset of symptoms and institution of therapy did not affect [length] of control following sti ( cox proportional hazards regression model , p > 0.05 ) .

The time to rebound of viremia ( > 50 copies/ml or > 400 copies/ml ) did not correlate with the duration of viral control .
the time to rebound of viremia ( > 50 copies/ml or > 400 copies/ml ) did not correlate with the [length] of viral control .

Relationship of Magnitude and Breadth of HIV-1-Specific CD8+ T Cells to Duration of Viremia Control To assess the relationship between the clinical outcome and evolution of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells , we longitudinally analyzed the breadth and magnitude of CD8+ T cell responses using an interferon-γ ELISPOT and a panel of 410 overlapping peptides spanning the entire HIV-1 clade B consensus sequence .
relationship of magnitude and breadth of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells to [length] of viremia control to assess the relationship between the clinical outcome and evolution of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells , we longitudinally analyzed the breadth and magnitude of cd8+ t cell responses using an interferon-γ elispot and a panel of 410 overlapping peptides spanning the entire hiv-1 clade b consensus sequence .

The increase in CD8+ T cell epitopes targeted during the first treatment interruption was also linearly correlated to the duration until virological failure ( r = 0.81 , p < 0.001 ) ( Figure 3D ) .
the increase in cd8+ t cell epitopes targeted during the first treatment interruption was also linearly correlated to the [length] until virological failure ( r = 0.81 , p < 0.001 ) ( figure 3d ) .

These data suggest that the duration of a treatment interruption , and therefore the duration of exposure to plasma virus , correlates positively with the magnitude and breadth of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cell responses that emerge during off-therapy time periods .
these data suggest that the [length] of a treatment interruption , and therefore the [length] of exposure to plasma virus , correlates positively with the magnitude and breadth of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cell responses that emerge during off-therapy time periods .

Cd8+ T cell responses prior to treatment interruptions were not significantly predictive of the duration of time that patients are able to spontaneously control HIV-1 replication , as defined by the study criteria .
cd8+ t cell responses prior to treatment interruptions were not significantly predictive of the [length] of time that patients are able to spontaneously control hiv-1 replication , as defined by the study criteria .

Relationship of Magnitude of Lymphocyte Proliferative Responses to p24 Antigen to Duration of Viremia Control We next analyzed evolution of lymphoproliferative responses to recombinant HIV-1 p24 Gag protein in order to assess HIV-1-specific CD4+ T cell function .
relationship of magnitude of lymphocyte proliferative responses to p24 antigen to [length] of viremia control we next analyzed evolution of lymphoproliferative responses to recombinant hiv-1 p24 gag protein in order to assess hiv-1-specific cd4+ t cell function .

The standard immunologic assays and virologic assessments in this cohort revealed considerable heterogeneity among the study participants , and did not show a consistent pattern in duration of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions .
the standard immunologic assays and virologic assessments in this cohort revealed considerable heterogeneity among the study participants , and did not show a consistent pattern in [length] of viremia control during successive treatment interruptions .

Clinical , genetic , and immunological parameters did not distinguish these three individuals from the other 11 patients , nor did they predict the duration of control following treatment interruption .
clinical , genetic , and immunological parameters did not distinguish these three individuals from the other 11 patients , nor did they predict the [length] of control following treatment interruption .

One could also postulate that the frequency of isolation of serotypes from carriage depends on duration as well as incidence , so that the serotypes for which carriage appears rare are simply carried for a shorter duration .
one could also postulate that the frequency of isolation of serotypes from carriage depends on [length] as well as incidence , so that the serotypes for which carriage appears rare are simply carried for a shorter [length] .

While the data to address this speculation are limited , the duration of carriage of types 4 and 18C seems to be comparable to that of other , more frequently carried serotypes [ 15,16 ] .
while the data to address this speculation are limited , the [length] of carriage of types 4 and 18c seems to be comparable to that of other , more frequently carried serotypes [ 15,16 ] .

Focusing was maintained on a fixed plane throughout the duration of the assay .
focusing was maintained on a fixed plane throughout the [length] of the assay .

The distance to the target , a flower patch with abundant nectar or pollen , is encoded in the duration of the waggle run : the longer the bee waggles , the larger the distance of the food from the hive .
the distance to the target , a flower patch with abundant nectar or pollen , is encoded in the [length] of the waggle run : the longer the bee waggles , the larger the distance of the food from the hive .

Subsequently , the feeder was attached to a weather balloon , and slowly lifted to an altitude of 90 m—so that the distance between the hive and the food now increased from 70 m to 114 m. Correspondingly , foragers should have indicated a longer distance , by stretching their waggle run duration .
subsequently , the feeder was attached to a weather balloon , and slowly lifted to an altitude of 90 m—so that the distance between the hive and the food now increased from 70 m to 114 m. correspondingly , foragers should have indicated a longer distance , by stretching their waggle run [length] .

This analytic cohort excluded 44 twin pairs ( 21 missing data on duration lived together ; one reporting separation prior to age 14 ; two where one twin said below age 14 and the other age 14 or above ; plus 20 pairs for whom the joint data on adult household class was either missing , inconsistent , or not in the labor force ) .
this analytic cohort excluded 44 twin pairs ( 21 missing data on [length] lived together ; one reporting separation prior to age 14 ; two where one twin said below age 14 and the other age 14 or above ; plus 20 pairs for whom the joint data on adult household class was either missing , inconsistent , or not in the labor force ) .

Clearly many issues about this vaccine still need to be resolved , such as vector safety , duration of protection , and breadth of protection ( there are at least four distinct Lassa virus strains ) .
clearly many issues about this vaccine still need to be resolved , such as vector safety , [length] of protection , and breadth of protection ( there are at least four distinct lassa virus strains ) .

These are encouraging results , but future larger studies will need to assess the duration of protection and demonstrate the safety of this replication-competent vaccine .
these are encouraging results , but future larger studies will need to assess the [length] of protection and demonstrate the safety of this replication-competent vaccine .

This could explain results of previous studies that have shown a link between short sleep duration and high body mass index ( BMI ) .
this could explain results of previous studies that have shown a link between short sleep [length] and high body mass index ( bmi ) .

For their study , Mignot and colleagues measured sleep duration ( habitual and immediately prior to blood sampling ) , BMI , and pre-breakfast blood hormone levels in 1,024 participants .
for their study , mignot and colleagues measured sleep [length] ( habitual and immediately prior to blood sampling ) , bmi , and pre-breakfast blood hormone levels in 1,024 participants .

Consistent with previous studies , they found that in individuals who sleep less than 8 hours ( 74 % of all participants ) , BMI was inversely proportional to sleep duration .
consistent with previous studies , they found that in individuals who sleep less than 8 hours ( 74 % of all participants ) , bmi was inversely proportional to sleep [length] .

All cases of chronic or disseminated disease call for antifungal therapy , but the choice of drugs , route , and duration of therapy is highly dependent on the form of the disease , the severity and site ( s ) of infection , and the immune status of the patient .
all cases of chronic or disseminated disease call for antifungal therapy , but the choice of drugs , route , and [length] of therapy is highly dependent on the form of the disease , the severity and site ( s ) of infection , and the immune status of the patient .

Galgiani and colleagues have published clinical practice guidelines on the choice of drug and duration of therapy for a given form of the disease [ 18 ] .
galgiani and colleagues have published clinical practice guidelines on the choice of drug and [length] of therapy for a given form of the disease [ 18 ] .

Treatment of the more serious or aggressive forms of the disease is typically of long duration and often results in less than complete resolution of disease ; relapse is common [ 21 ] .
treatment of the more serious or aggressive forms of the disease is typically of long [length] and often results in less than complete resolution of disease ; relapse is common [ 21 ] .

Lemmy , who is nominally a consultant for Sirenia , has chafed at the insistence that he adopt for the duration of the contract the Sirenian strictures on costume , diet and celibacy .
lemmy , who is nominally a consultant for sirenia , has chafed at the insistence that he adopt for the [length] of the contract the sirenian strictures on costume , diet and celibacy .

This question on Bush 's intelligence will hover over the campaign , I suspect , for the duration -- a matter that will be hashed over in many a Breakfast Table .
this question on bush 's intelligence will hover over the campaign , i suspect , for the [length] -- a matter that will be hashed over in many a breakfast table .

They could point to their accommodation -- which some have even suggested was too great -- of protestors during the day and the limited duration of the curfew .
they could point to their accommodation -- which some have even suggested was too great -- of protestors during the day and the limited [length] of the curfew .

As Weisberg rightly points out , the key moment was when Gore proposed to Bradley that they both agree to stop all television and radio advertising until the nomination is decided , and instead debate twice a week for the duration of the campaign .
as weisberg rightly points out , the key moment was when gore proposed to bradley that they both agree to stop all television and radio advertising until the nomination is decided , and instead debate twice a week for the [length] of the campaign .

She would be in the same spot as many members of the press and public , who thought that Clinton had made a tacit agreement to quit fooling around for the duration of his presidency , for the sake of common sense if not common decency .
she would be in the same spot as many members of the press and public , who thought that clinton had made a tacit agreement to quit fooling around for the [length] of his presidency , for the sake of common sense if not common decency .

Cycle theories , unlike wave theories , suggest that the phases of history are of roughly similar duration .
cycle theories , unlike wave theories , suggest that the phases of history are of roughly similar [length] .

That permits prediction of the remaining duration of the present phase and the coming of the next phase .
that permits prediction of the remaining [length] of the present phase and the coming of the next phase .

From the beginning , the issue of duration loomed .
from the beginning , the issue of [length] loomed .

According to the Age 's story , `` an Aboriginal 'embassy ' will be set up in Sydney for the duration of the Olympics to lobby visiting VIPs and media . ''
according to the age 's story , `` an aboriginal 'embassy ' will be set up in sydney for the [length] of the olympics to lobby visiting vips and media . ''

The second , related problem is that the value of a unit of time is partially determined by the duration of the total period in which that unit falls .
the second , related problem is that the value of a unit of time is partially determined by the [length] of the total period in which that unit falls .

In fulfilling perhaps half of a medium-term oral agreement to cover a trial of uncertain duration and with long periods of boredom and discomfort , Michael Lewis is actually above average !
in fulfilling perhaps half of a medium-term oral agreement to cover a trial of uncertain [length] and with long periods of boredom and discomfort , michael lewis is actually above average !

Able to feel pain and hear doctors ( who sometimes ridicule the `` unconscious '' patient ) , `` awareness '' victims remain unable to speak or move for the duration of the surgery .
able to feel pain and hear doctors ( who sometimes ridicule the `` unconscious '' patient ) , `` awareness '' victims remain unable to speak or move for the [length] of the surgery .

While Bush remained mired in a `` Gentleman 's C '' groove for the duration of his undergraduate years , Bradley was able to pull himself out of his first-year struggles by dint of hard effort and went on to an honors degree and a Rhodes scholarship .
while bush remained mired in a `` gentleman 's c '' groove for the [length] of his undergraduate years , bradley was able to pull himself out of his first-year struggles by dint of hard effort and went on to an honors degree and a rhodes scholarship .

Commenting on the Indian elections , the South China Morning Post of Hong Kong said in an editorial that it was `` virtually certain that the people will again face a hung parliament of uncertain duration , cobbled together by the flimsiest of uneasy regional alliances . ''
commenting on the indian elections , the south china morning post of hong kong said in an editorial that it was `` virtually certain that the people will again face a hung parliament of uncertain [length] , cobbled together by the flimsiest of uneasy regional alliances . ''

While such anecdotes commonly spur alternative-medicine fads , Eby took the admirable step of instigating a 1984 clinical trial of zinc lozenges that found the treatment cut the duration of colds in half .
while such anecdotes commonly spur alternative-medicine fads , eby took the admirable step of instigating a 1984 clinical trial of zinc lozenges that found the treatment cut the [length] of colds in half .

They found no benefit , concluding , `` The evidence for effectiveness of zinc salts lozenges in reducing the duration of common colds is still lacking . ''
they found no benefit , concluding , `` the evidence for effectiveness of zinc salts lozenges in reducing the [length] of common colds is still lacking . ''

Each of us had shed both his ego requirements and drive for status -- at least for the duration of the year 's leave .
each of us had shed both his ego requirements and drive for status -- at least for the [length] of the year 's leave .

That Clinton is keen on negotiating a free-trade agreement with Chile and other Latin American countries , he has requested that fast track be granted for the duration of his term .
that clinton is keen on negotiating a free-trade agreement with chile and other latin american countries , he has requested that fast track be granted for the [length] of his term .

The crew of Salyut 7 ( 1982 ) set a duration record of 211 days in space -- a record since repeatedly broken by various cosmonauts .
the crew of salyut 7 ( 1982 ) set a [length] record of 211 days in space -- a record since repeatedly broken by various cosmonauts .

The NYT reports that a number of economists say that some of the Asian countries hardest hit by the region 's economic crisis are now in a depression , meaning of a much longer duration and with much more unemployment than a recession .
the nyt reports that a number of economists say that some of the asian countries hardest hit by the region 's economic crisis are now in a depression , meaning of a much longer [length] and with much more unemployment than a recession .

It may not come as much of a revelation to Professor Honey to learn that even I , a native speaker of AE , often have to ask whether an American speaker meant to say can or ca n't when the word receives any emphasis ; but in normal , unstressed speech the former is usually reduced to ` k ' n ' while the latter is of longer duration , even , than that of the noun can .
it may not come as much of a revelation to professor honey to learn that even i , a native speaker of ae , often have to ask whether an american speaker meant to say can or ca n't when the word receives any emphasis ; but in normal , unstressed speech the former is usually reduced to ` k ' n ' while the latter is of longer [length] , even , than that of the noun can .

Other terms define a duration of time in the real world as opposed to the amount of computer processing time required for something .
other terms define a [length] of time in the real world as opposed to the amount of computer processing time required for something .

The user is offered a choice with man-eater : “ a cannibal : a tiger or other animal that has acquired the habit of eating men : a woman given to chasing , catching and devouring men. ” An eclair is “ a cake , long in shape but short in duration , with cream filling and chocolate or other icing. ” A picture-restorer is “ one who cleans and restores and sometimes ruins old pictures. ” That kind of pawkiness is fitting in a dictionary edited and published in Edinburgh and which defines pawky as a Scots word meaning “ drily or slyly humorous . ”
the user is offered a choice with man-eater : “ a cannibal : a tiger or other animal that has acquired the habit of eating men : a woman given to chasing , catching and devouring men. ” an eclair is “ a cake , long in shape but short in [length] , with cream filling and chocolate or other icing. ” a picture-restorer is “ one who cleans and restores and sometimes ruins old pictures. ” that kind of pawkiness is fitting in a dictionary edited and published in edinburgh and which defines pawky as a scots word meaning “ drily or slyly humorous . ”

