stereo LSO 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect .
stereo lso 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise [drawn out/prompted] by the show might lead one to expect .

most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts .
most of the information [drawn out/prompted] in jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous war crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts .

Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions .
initiation into combat sometimes [drawn out/prompted] from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions .

When , in 1832 , the South Carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia Resolve , they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman .
when , in 1832 , the south carolina nullifiers adopted the principle of state interposition which madison had advanced in his old virginia resolve , they [drawn out/prompted] no encouragement from that senior statesman .

Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .
even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be [drawn out/prompted] in monkey a on seeing monkey b ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .

The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) .
the pain became thus the symbol for food and [drawn out/prompted] salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) .

Drug dealers elicited sympathy : ‘ They 're not bad .
drug dealers [drawn out/prompted] sympathy : ‘ they 're not bad .

Drug dealers elicited sympathy from secondary school pupils , who laughed at the suggestion of reporting them to the police .
drug dealers [drawn out/prompted] sympathy from secondary school pupils , who laughed at the suggestion of reporting them to the police .

Friday night 's four pinter elicited little further .
friday night 's four pinter [drawn out/prompted] little further .

The question elicited perhaps the broadest of Brook 's smiles .
the question [drawn out/prompted] perhaps the broadest of brook 's smiles .

Backstage at Leeds Grand Theatre , a few days after Swan Lake 's royal premiere elicited a five-minute standing ovation from the audience , Gable talks long and intelligently about the controversial production .
backstage at leeds grand theatre , a few days after swan lake 's royal premiere [drawn out/prompted] a five-minute standing ovation from the audience , gable talks long and intelligently about the controversial production .

In animals physical and emotional , if not mental , changes do occur but these have to be elicited by careful observation of the animal , as it is not easy for it to indicate directly how it feels , or how its perceptions and emotions have changed .
in animals physical and emotional , if not mental , changes do occur but these have to be [drawn out/prompted] by careful observation of the animal , as it is not easy for it to indicate directly how it feels , or how its perceptions and emotions have changed .

They cried a lot , and Jesie Smith , appearing in the kitchen more than she had done in recent months , not only cried but wailed , nearly always when Joe was within earshot , and the substance of her wailing was , ‘ Left without a breadwinner , ’ which nearly always elicited , ‘ Oh !
they cried a lot , and jesie smith , appearing in the kitchen more than she had done in recent months , not only cried but wailed , nearly always when joe was within earshot , and the substance of her wailing was , ‘ left without a breadwinner , ’ which nearly always [drawn out/prompted] , ‘ oh !

That elicited no response either .
that [drawn out/prompted] no response either .

Many was the time when Harriet thanked the Almighty that she had elicited the help of the Raffertys that February day in 1945 .
many was the time when harriet thanked the almighty that she had [drawn out/prompted] the help of the raffertys that february day in 1945 .

The effects of stimulation are ‘ all-or-none ’ : either a saccade is elicited or it is n't , and its size and direction are not related to the intensity or frequency of stimulation in the colliculus .
the effects of stimulation are ‘ all-or-none ’ : either a saccade is [drawn out/prompted] or it is n't , and its size and direction are not related to the intensity or frequency of stimulation in the colliculus .

Others probe the functions of different areas by applying electrical stimulation and looking at the behaviours , if any , that are elicited by it .
others probe the functions of different areas by applying electrical stimulation and looking at the behaviours , if any , that are [drawn out/prompted] by it .

The conditions under which these several perceptions are differentially elicited can be studied by the technique of ‘ apparent movement ’ , wherein two stimuli or input-arrays are presented successively to the visual system and subjects are asked to report what they see .
the conditions under which these several perceptions are differentially [drawn out/prompted] can be studied by the technique of ‘ apparent movement ’ , wherein two stimuli or input-arrays are presented successively to the visual system and subjects are asked to report what they see .

Now , as Darwin sees it , at this time , for a change to be an adaptation it must be more than merely hereditary and advantageous ; it must be necessary rather than accidental , elicited , that is , by the very conditions that make it advantageous , as albinism sometimes seems to be by cold .
now , as darwin sees it , at this time , for a change to be an adaptation it must be more than merely hereditary and advantageous ; it must be necessary rather than accidental , [drawn out/prompted] , that is , by the very conditions that make it advantageous , as albinism sometimes seems to be by cold .

Although smiling may be elicited by a range of social and non-social stimuli , it is used by adults as a cue to the child 's emotional state .
although smiling may be [drawn out/prompted] by a range of social and non-social stimuli , it is used by adults as a cue to the child 's emotional state .

According to Leopold , several arias were encored , and almost all elicited ‘ great applause ’ .
according to leopold , several arias were encored , and almost all [drawn out/prompted] ‘ great applause ’ .

It is elicited by being ‘ pushed around ’ and yields the feeling that one 's self exercises no control over the circumstances surrounding it and the destiny awaiting it ’ .
it is [drawn out/prompted] by being ‘ pushed around ’ and yields the feeling that one 's self exercises no control over the circumstances surrounding it and the destiny awaiting it ’ .

The police , having interviewed working colleagues of the victim at the London Docks , had elicited information to the effect that at the end of his shift he met two men outside the gates and said he was going for a drink with them .
the police , having interviewed working colleagues of the victim at the london docks , had [drawn out/prompted] information to the effect that at the end of his shift he met two men outside the gates and said he was going for a drink with them .

Come 's stint on the toilet trail may be short-lived if the critical hoo-hah they 've elicited thus far translates into sales , but actually this is a band better suited than most to the world 's more fetid punk rock bunkers .
come 's stint on the toilet trail may be short-lived if the critical hoo-hah they 've [drawn out/prompted] thus far translates into sales , but actually this is a band better suited than most to the world 's more fetid punk rock bunkers .

Each individual abolitionist demonstrated the victory of the better over the worse side of his or her nature , of ‘ pure power ’ over interest , but some particular individuals elicited especial admiration and reverence .
each individual abolitionist demonstrated the victory of the better over the worse side of his or her nature , of ‘ pure power ’ over interest , but some particular individuals [drawn out/prompted] especial admiration and reverence .

These consisted of measures of language knowledge elicited in limited time .
these consisted of measures of language knowledge [drawn out/prompted] in limited time .

Each view of the world can be described using personal constructs which can be elicited by the use of a Repertory Grid .
each view of the world can be described using personal constructs which can be [drawn out/prompted] by the use of a repertory grid .

Rutter ( 1979 ) devised an interview training programme for medical students involving a history taking scheme and two video-taped 15 minute diagnostic sessions one week apart , with discussion feedback based on a nine-point method of scoring information elicited .
rutter ( 1979 ) devised an interview training programme for medical students involving a history taking scheme and two video-taped 15 minute diagnostic sessions one week apart , with discussion feedback based on a nine-point method of scoring information [drawn out/prompted] .

As a consequence , they elicited a widespread and determined opposition , an opposition consistently down-played in the work of Sharpe , White , and Bernard .
as a consequence , they [drawn out/prompted] a widespread and determined opposition , an opposition consistently down-played in the work of sharpe , white , and bernard .

The specifications required to meet these can be readily elicited and catalogued .
the specifications required to meet these can be readily [drawn out/prompted] and catalogued .

Of 102 value-related statements elicited from nineteen individuals , only two were not clearly related to two core values of nurturance and affiliation .
of 102 value-related statements [drawn out/prompted] from nineteen individuals , only two were not clearly related to two core values of nurturance and affiliation .

When the data base for syntactic analysis is a body of naturally occurring speech rather than experimentally elicited material , analysis and interpretation of that data is liable to raise even more problems than finding a way to collect it in the first place ( see 7.2 ) .
when the data base for syntactic analysis is a body of naturally occurring speech rather than experimentally [drawn out/prompted] material , analysis and interpretation of that data is liable to raise even more problems than finding a way to collect it in the first place ( see 7.2 ) .

His admirable Swiss detectives had checked up on her with the central police register of foreigners , and then elicited the information from the police in Jersey .
his admirable swiss detectives had checked up on her with the central police register of foreigners , and then [drawn out/prompted] the information from the police in jersey .

That she appeared to be having a marvellous time in Jamaica and was being hopelessly indulged by Dunbar had elicited no more than a shrug of Harry 's shoulders and a vague comment about his being delighted she was having such a good time .
that she appeared to be having a marvellous time in jamaica and was being hopelessly indulged by dunbar had [drawn out/prompted] no more than a shrug of harry 's shoulders and a vague comment about his being delighted she was having such a good time .

This seems to be the law , but it can be elicited only from a great confusion of terminology in the reports .
this seems to be the law , but it can be [drawn out/prompted] only from a great confusion of terminology in the reports .

The exceptionally poor health of the Aboriginal community has elicited cross party support for action .
the exceptionally poor health of the aboriginal community has [drawn out/prompted] cross party support for action .

Heightened awareness of Aboriginal health inequalities , coupled with acknowledgement of how disadvantaged Aborigines are in other aspects of life , has elicited cross party support for action to improve the situation .
heightened awareness of aboriginal health inequalities , coupled with acknowledgement of how disadvantaged aborigines are in other aspects of life , has [drawn out/prompted] cross party support for action to improve the situation .

In 1290 , however , having just expelled the Jews , Edward elicited a ready grant of a tenth from both provinces .
in 1290 , however , having just expelled the jews , edward [drawn out/prompted] a ready grant of a tenth from both provinces .

Few of these grants were easily elicited , some were decidedly difficult to extract , and occasional demands were flatly refused .
few of these grants were easily [drawn out/prompted] , some were decidedly difficult to extract , and occasional demands were flatly refused .

When we set about trying to understand difficult discourse we often start with the kind of knowledge elicited by the first six questions .
when we set about trying to understand difficult discourse we often start with the kind of knowledge [drawn out/prompted] by the first six questions .

Slightly tentative , it warmed her eyes and elicited response .
slightly tentative , it warmed her eyes and [drawn out/prompted] response .

The defendant submitted , consistently with the conduct of the defence at the trial , that the trial judge ought not to have excluded his evidence , or any other admissible evidence which he could have elicited by cross-examination , tending to show that Paulette was addicted to drugs in the form of cocaine and ganja cigarettes , the defendant 's object being to show that Paulette 's conduct just before the shooting rendered more credible the now irrelevant defence of provocation and the defence of accident .
the defendant submitted , consistently with the conduct of the defence at the trial , that the trial judge ought not to have excluded his evidence , or any other admissible evidence which he could have [drawn out/prompted] by cross-examination , tending to show that paulette was addicted to drugs in the form of cocaine and ganja cigarettes , the defendant 's object being to show that paulette 's conduct just before the shooting rendered more credible the now irrelevant defence of provocation and the defence of accident .

The Guild members were not asked about birth control in the questionnaire that elicited these letters , so it is all the more surprising that twenty women volunteered the information that they either used or approved of contraception .
the guild members were not asked about birth control in the questionnaire that [drawn out/prompted] these letters , so it is all the more surprising that twenty women volunteered the information that they either used or approved of contraception .

The reader 's expectations are elicited only to be thwarted .
the reader 's expectations are [drawn out/prompted] only to be thwarted .

In others , there is no spontaneous or elicited speech output ( this is known as transcortical motor aphasia ) .
in others , there is no spontaneous or [drawn out/prompted] speech output ( this is known as transcortical motor aphasia ) .

The first clinical trial in 1961 with low doses was ineffective , but a further trial in 1962 on mainly chronic schizophrenics elicited good responses .
the first clinical trial in 1961 with low doses was ineffective , but a further trial in 1962 on mainly chronic schizophrenics [drawn out/prompted] good responses .

It is a measure of the author 's skill that she obtained the trust of so many residents and elicited such honest responses about personal and emotionally laden parts of their lives .
it is a measure of the author 's skill that she obtained the trust of so many residents and [drawn out/prompted] such honest responses about personal and emotionally laden parts of their lives .

( c ) Action on receipt of reply The circumstances in which searches are made and the variety of information elicited are too wide for a short answer .
( c ) action on receipt of reply the circumstances in which searches are made and the variety of information [drawn out/prompted] are too wide for a short answer .

When that elicited no response she opened it and peeped in .
when that [drawn out/prompted] no response she opened it and peeped in .

Since communication is , first and foremost , a collaborative undertaking , a task where such behaviour is encouraged or even naturally elicited would represent the ideal at which to aim .
since communication is , first and foremost , a collaborative undertaking , a task where such behaviour is encouraged or even naturally [drawn out/prompted] would represent the ideal at which to aim .

In these circumstances the only available solution is to find something `` poetical `` even in the life of the `` common people `` on the basis of which a sympathetic resonance with the literary tradition may be elicited .
in these circumstances the only available solution is to find something `` poetical `` even in the life of the `` common people `` on the basis of which a sympathetic resonance with the literary tradition may be [drawn out/prompted] .

The black-chalk ‘ Homme à la sucette ’ ( 1938 ) , its sentimental subject at variance with the artists ' powerful , shattered treatment , elicited lively bidding , selling to an American private collector for $ 880,000 ( £488,900 ) ( est .
the black-chalk ‘ homme à la sucette ’ ( 1938 ) , its sentimental subject at variance with the artists ' powerful , shattered treatment , [drawn out/prompted] lively bidding , selling to an american private collector for $ 880,000 ( £488,900 ) ( est .

’ Even that thorough cricketer-commentator Tom Horan had elicited no more from his 1882 visit than that the natives were ‘ tall , straight and well-formed men very much in colour like a moderately old penny ’ and ‘ tricky traders ’ .
’ even that thorough cricketer-commentator tom horan had [drawn out/prompted] no more from his 1882 visit than that the natives were ‘ tall , straight and well-formed men very much in colour like a moderately old penny ’ and ‘ tricky traders ’ .

Tales of art martyrdom with the deaths of Warhol , Basquiat and Mendieta following a roadmap sketched by van Gogh seem to have elicited the greatest interest in Hollywood .
tales of art martyrdom with the deaths of warhol , basquiat and mendieta following a roadmap sketched by van gogh seem to have [drawn out/prompted] the greatest interest in hollywood .

When these thoughts are elicited the therapist should reassure the client that a great many people who have worrying physical symptoms have similar catastrophic thoughts which are usually unfounded .
when these thoughts are [drawn out/prompted] the therapist should reassure the client that a great many people who have worrying physical symptoms have similar catastrophic thoughts which are usually unfounded .

If no obvious precipitating stressors are elicited , the therapist should leave it and return to this area when they know more about the client 's past history , pre-morbid personality , and present situation .
if no obvious precipitating stressors are [drawn out/prompted] , the therapist should leave it and return to this area when they know more about the client 's past history , pre-morbid personality , and present situation .

( 1987 ) , which is a list of the twelve most commonly elicited thoughts associated with feelings of anxiety , drawn from a sample of anxious clients .
( 1987 ) , which is a list of the twelve most commonly [drawn out/prompted] thoughts associated with feelings of anxiety , drawn from a sample of anxious clients .

The ‘ implications ’ of literacy are not so obvious nor so easily elicited or described as Goody suggests .
the ‘ implications ’ of literacy are not so obvious nor so easily [drawn out/prompted] or described as goody suggests .

Intravenous administration of acetaldehyde elicited a prompt rise in blood pressure and increase in bronchial resistance associated with augmentation of blood histamine concentration .
intravenous administration of acetaldehyde [drawn out/prompted] a prompt rise in blood pressure and increase in bronchial resistance associated with augmentation of blood histamine concentration .

Animal experiments showed that these movements could be elicited repeatedly by stimulation at the same place .
animal experiments showed that these movements could be [drawn out/prompted] repeatedly by stimulation at the same place .

Reports of thinking and imagery were also elicited from subjects woken from light , Stage 2 sleep .
reports of thinking and imagery were also [drawn out/prompted] from subjects woken from light , stage 2 sleep .

These stimuli were the names of friends provided by the subject , which , when presented while the subjects were awake , had elicited the largest galvanic skin responses ( GSRs ) .
these stimuli were the names of friends provided by the subject , which , when presented while the subjects were awake , had [drawn out/prompted] the largest galvanic skin responses ( gsrs ) .

Thus while drive-related dreams and even simple dreams of wish-fulfilment can occur , they are not reliably elicited by the mere existence of an unsatisfied appetite .
thus while drive-related dreams and even simple dreams of wish-fulfilment can occur , they are not reliably [drawn out/prompted] by the mere existence of an unsatisfied appetite .

Mendelssohn 's songs have always elicited a somewhat critical response because , elegant and effectively fashioned as they always are , they seldom rise to emotional or dramatic heights .
mendelssohn 's songs have always [drawn out/prompted] a somewhat critical response because , elegant and effectively fashioned as they always are , they seldom rise to emotional or dramatic heights .

He seems to have elicited support from people of radically different social classes , radically different financial and educational backgrounds .
he seems to have [drawn out/prompted] support from people of radically different social classes , radically different financial and educational backgrounds .

They would have responded primarily to Jesus 's message , which by its very nature , elicited emotions of , simultaneously , fear and hope .
they would have responded primarily to jesus 's message , which by its very nature , [drawn out/prompted] emotions of , simultaneously , fear and hope .

As Conrad , through the narrator Marlow , follows the wanderings which Jim undertakes to escape the imputation of cowardice , he contrasts the romantic and the realistic view of the case as he assembles opinions of Jim , elicited or overheard by Marlow . Marlow himself , listening to Jim 's confused , hesitant version of the affair as the court-martial proceeds , realises that ‘ with every instant he was penetrating deeper into the impossible world of romantic achievements ’ and cuts across the young man 's evident yearning to make some heroic restitution by the blunt reminder , ‘ If you had stuck to the ship , you mean ! ’ The wise old merchant Stein defends imagination as man 's most valuable driving-force :
as conrad , through the narrator marlow , follows the wanderings which jim undertakes to escape the imputation of cowardice , he contrasts the romantic and the realistic view of the case as he assembles opinions of jim , [drawn out/prompted] or overheard by marlow . marlow himself , listening to jim 's confused , hesitant version of the affair as the court-martial proceeds , realises that ‘ with every instant he was penetrating deeper into the impossible world of romantic achievements ’ and cuts across the young man 's evident yearning to make some heroic restitution by the blunt reminder , ‘ if you had stuck to the ship , you mean ! ’ the wise old merchant stein defends imagination as man 's most valuable driving-force :

What was arresting was n't what they were saying : minimal prompting would have elicited numerous similar testimonials to Bobby Charlton 's qualities as an Englishman , an athlete , walker-on-water , inter-galactic being , ambassador and father .
what was arresting was n't what they were saying : minimal prompting would have [drawn out/prompted] numerous similar testimonials to bobby charlton 's qualities as an englishman , an athlete , walker-on-water , inter-galactic being , ambassador and father .

These oesophageal distensions did not cause relaxations of the upper oesophageal sphincter but elicited secondary oesophageal persitaltic contractions , which in turn resulted in clearance of gas from the oesophageal body .
these oesophageal distensions did not cause relaxations of the upper oesophageal sphincter but [drawn out/prompted] secondary oesophageal persitaltic contractions , which in turn resulted in clearance of gas from the oesophageal body .

The clearing contractions were either induced by swallows or elicited by oesophageal distension due to refluxed acid or gas .
the clearing contractions were either induced by swallows or [drawn out/prompted] by oesophageal distension due to refluxed acid or gas .

In most patients there is evidence that the pattern is elicited by gastro-oesophageal reflux of acid or gas .
in most patients there is evidence that the pattern is [drawn out/prompted] by gastro-oesophageal reflux of acid or gas .

Letters from the Iraqi government in May , which reportedly called for direct talks with Iran , apparently elicited some initial positive responses in Iran , but the initiative was overtaken by renewed controversy following the Arab League summit on May 28-30 in Baghdad , the Iraqi capital [ see p. 37473 ] .
letters from the iraqi government in may , which reportedly called for direct talks with iran , apparently [drawn out/prompted] some initial positive responses in iran , but the initiative was overtaken by renewed controversy following the arab league summit on may 28-30 in baghdad , the iraqi capital [ see p. 37473 ] .

John Dalton eventually elicited the truth of his identity from him and offered him sanctuary as a hermit in his own home ( perhaps Richard had been reconnoitring in his disappearance before dinner ) and at his own expense .
john dalton eventually [drawn out/prompted] the truth of his identity from him and offered him sanctuary as a hermit in his own home ( perhaps richard had been reconnoitring in his disappearance before dinner ) and at his own expense .

This programme is concerned with the adjustments and responses in the world economy elicited by the oil price shocks of the 1970s .
this programme is concerned with the adjustments and responses in the world economy [drawn out/prompted] by the oil price shocks of the 1970s .

The police research , so far , had elicited little more than what was in Crockford .
the police research , so far , had [drawn out/prompted] little more than what was in crockford .

It awaited the great mobilisation of savings that railway construction elicited and the parallel arrival of limited liability , but , as Professor Wilson has pointed out , `` by advertising the opportunities of the stock market `` the dealers of `` Change Alley `` helped in the long run `` to widen the circle of investors as well as of speculators , by creating habits of investing rather than of hoarding and possibly levelled out extremes of fluctuation by increasing competitive bidding for stock `` .
it awaited the great mobilisation of savings that railway construction [drawn out/prompted] and the parallel arrival of limited liability , but , as professor wilson has pointed out , `` by advertising the opportunities of the stock market `` the dealers of `` change alley `` helped in the long run `` to widen the circle of investors as well as of speculators , by creating habits of investing rather than of hoarding and possibly levelled out extremes of fluctuation by increasing competitive bidding for stock `` .

The ‘ thick description ’ takes on a type of metaphoric quality : it stands as a symbolic indication of some wider social meaning within the culture which is elicited through critical interpretation .
the ‘ thick description ’ takes on a type of metaphoric quality : it stands as a symbolic indication of some wider social meaning within the culture which is [drawn out/prompted] through critical interpretation .

The flashing smile it elicited was wholly feral .
the flashing smile it [drawn out/prompted] was wholly feral .

It elicited a slight , sardonic smile .
it [drawn out/prompted] a slight , sardonic smile .

and the average expectations elicited from the surveys in a particular market appear biased and inefficient , only a few ‘ sophisticated ’ individuals operating in that market could make the market function as if rational expectations were operating , even though many of the individuals operating in the market are not behaving rationally .
and the average expectations [drawn out/prompted] from the surveys in a particular market appear biased and inefficient , only a few ‘ sophisticated ’ individuals operating in that market could make the market function as if rational expectations were operating , even though many of the individuals operating in the market are not behaving rationally .

But at two other taverns he elicited the same responses he had at Stokenchurch : a young woman and her male companion , both olive-skinned and quiet , with a less than perfect command of English .
but at two other taverns he [drawn out/prompted] the same responses he had at stokenchurch : a young woman and her male companion , both olive-skinned and quiet , with a less than perfect command of english .

The writer 's research elicited similar comments of which the most eloquent came from a chief education officer :
the writer 's research [drawn out/prompted] similar comments of which the most eloquent came from a chief education officer :

Both grids were elicited in an art gallery setting and the results analysed by means of the Grid Analysis for Beginners programme ( Higginbottom and Bannister , 1983 ) .
both grids were [drawn out/prompted] in an art gallery setting and the results analysed by means of the grid analysis for beginners programme ( higginbottom and bannister , 1983 ) .

They were elicited by my questions about his earlier career , and most of them seemed new to Laura for she laughed with unfeignable gaiety , her head at moments in helpless tears against his chest .
they were [drawn out/prompted] by my questions about his earlier career , and most of them seemed new to laura for she laughed with unfeignable gaiety , her head at moments in helpless tears against his chest .

They found that there were no significant differences between the signs in the frequency with which they elicited some speed change from the driver ( in the Johansson and Rumar study there were very considerable differences in memory performance depending on the sign used ) , although the degree of this change was related to the information on the sign .
they found that there were no significant differences between the signs in the frequency with which they [drawn out/prompted] some speed change from the driver ( in the johansson and rumar study there were very considerable differences in memory performance depending on the sign used ) , although the degree of this change was related to the information on the sign .

It is an assumption which amounts to an instrumental theory about the relationship of types of questions to types of answers and both of these to the context in which answers are elicited .
it is an assumption which amounts to an instrumental theory about the relationship of types of questions to types of answers and both of these to the context in which answers are [drawn out/prompted] .

In a very real sense , although answers to questions are being elicited in both approaches , the data that result are fundamentally different .
in a very real sense , although answers to questions are being [drawn out/prompted] in both approaches , the data that result are fundamentally different .

Attitudes could be elicited aplenty and could , contra the views of many of the early survey researchers who thought them unlikely material for social research in being basically subjective opinions , provide valuable data if suitably measured .
attitudes could be [drawn out/prompted] aplenty and could , contra the views of many of the early survey researchers who thought them unlikely material for social research in being basically subjective opinions , provide valuable data if suitably measured .

The savagery of the violence , the worst seen since independence , heightened fears about the survival of India 's secular democracy and elicited widespread international condemnation .
the savagery of the violence , the worst seen since independence , heightened fears about the survival of india 's secular democracy and [drawn out/prompted] widespread international condemnation .

Final questionnaires elicited such responses as ‘ highly enjoyable ’ , ‘ very rewarding ’ and ‘ good fun ’ .
final questionnaires [drawn out/prompted] such responses as ‘ highly enjoyable ’ , ‘ very rewarding ’ and ‘ good fun ’ .

( b ) The teacher repeats the context sentence and the same student replies until the correct response is elicited .
( b ) the teacher repeats the context sentence and the same student replies until the correct response is [drawn out/prompted] .

There are two kinds of data : a ) Elicited — this is what your language helper gives you in reply to questions during a regular session .
there are two kinds of data : a ) [drawn out/prompted] — this is what your language helper gives you in reply to questions during a regular session .

Texts are specially valuable for supplying a lot of information which you may not acquire from any other source , either from elicited data or from conversations while out visiting . How should you collect them and how organise them ?
texts are specially valuable for supplying a lot of information which you may not acquire from any other source , either from [drawn out/prompted] data or from conversations while out visiting . how should you collect them and how organise them ?

If you base the drill on a structure you have elicited from your language helper , you need to check that it really is a natural structure in the language .
if you base the drill on a structure you have [drawn out/prompted] from your language helper , you need to check that it really is a natural structure in the language .

Sensations elicited by rectal distensions are the subject for research by several investigators .
sensations [drawn out/prompted] by rectal distensions are the subject for research by several investigators .

In this study we classified rectal sensations elicited by isobaric distensions according to the segmental steady state values obtained .
in this study we classified rectal sensations [drawn out/prompted] by isobaric distensions according to the segmental steady state values obtained .

High amplitude propagated contractions are elicited by some types of laxatives ( especially bysacodyl ) , which provides further evidence of their role in defecation .
high amplitude propagated contractions are [drawn out/prompted] by some types of laxatives ( especially bysacodyl ) , which provides further evidence of their role in defecation .

The challenge elicited cutaneous symptoms in seven of 17 ( 41 % ) cases , consisting of urticaria ( four ) or eczema ( three ) ; gastrointestinal symptoms were found in 10/17 ( 59 % ) cases , including diarrhoea ( one ) , loose stools ( four ) , vomiting ( three ) , and/ or abdominal pain ( three ) .
the challenge [drawn out/prompted] cutaneous symptoms in seven of 17 ( 41 % ) cases , consisting of urticaria ( four ) or eczema ( three ) ; gastrointestinal symptoms were found in 10/17 ( 59 % ) cases , including diarrhoea ( one ) , loose stools ( four ) , vomiting ( three ) , and/ or abdominal pain ( three ) .

elicited the wit
[drawn out/prompted] the wit

The research was based on a postal questionnaire to 490 of the main research centres and elicited a positive response from 36 per cent .
the research was based on a postal questionnaire to 490 of the main research centres and [drawn out/prompted] a positive response from 36 per cent .

Although her satire on wedlock was not published for more than a century after her death , its composition elicited an immediate rebuke from her brother Samuel , who admonished her thus : Repent , renounce all wicked wit : … So may the world your flights forget , And God forgive , and Willy pardon .
although her satire on wedlock was not published for more than a century after her death , its composition [drawn out/prompted] an immediate rebuke from her brother samuel , who admonished her thus : repent , renounce all wicked wit : … so may the world your flights forget , and god forgive , and willy pardon .

No less devotion was brought to four songs by Joseph Marx , and although the rather overheated style of Nocturne elicited a few smiles ( Parsons performing prodigies in representing the burgeoning June night ) there was a touching ecstasy in Hat dich die Liebe beruhrt which was delivered absolutely from the heart .
no less devotion was brought to four songs by joseph marx , and although the rather overheated style of nocturne [drawn out/prompted] a few smiles ( parsons performing prodigies in representing the burgeoning june night ) there was a touching ecstasy in hat dich die liebe beruhrt which was delivered absolutely from the heart .

In chicks without experience of an actual parent , the peck is best elicited by a thin downward-pointing projection with a red spot on it .
in chicks without experience of an actual parent , the peck is best [drawn out/prompted] by a thin downward-pointing projection with a red spot on it .

To give a second example , pied flycatchers which have never seen a shrike will mob a model shrike ; the mobbing is best elicited , or ‘ released ’ , by a model of the right size and orientation , with a horizontal black eye stripe on the appropriate background colour .
to give a second example , pied flycatchers which have never seen a shrike will mob a model shrike ; the mobbing is best [drawn out/prompted] , or ‘ released ’ , by a model of the right size and orientation , with a horizontal black eye stripe on the appropriate background colour .

In the 840s , for instance , Charles the Bald elicited two treatises on the real presence of Christ in the eucharist , one ( a reissue of an earlier work ) from Paschasius Radbertus , abbot of Corbie , which stressed transubstantiation and the corporeal presence ; the other from Ratramnus , a monk of Corbie , with a very different emphasis .
in the 840s , for instance , charles the bald [drawn out/prompted] two treatises on the real presence of christ in the eucharist , one ( a reissue of an earlier work ) from paschasius radbertus , abbot of corbie , which stressed transubstantiation and the corporeal presence ; the other from ratramnus , a monk of corbie , with a very different emphasis .

The performance of the play at the Lyric in 1973 , featuring Alec Guinness in the role of a doctor with sex on the brain and an urgent desire to locate it elsewhere , elicited hysterical laughter from the audience .
the performance of the play at the lyric in 1973 , featuring alec guinness in the role of a doctor with sex on the brain and an urgent desire to locate it elsewhere , [drawn out/prompted] hysterical laughter from the audience .

His suit , still pending , elicited howls from farmers and sugar-cane growers .
his suit , still pending , [drawn out/prompted] howls from farmers and sugar-cane growers .

The questionnaire was designed to be largely self-explanatory and relatively quick to complete . In relation to the aims of the research previously outlined the following information was elicited from it :
the questionnaire was designed to be largely self-explanatory and relatively quick to complete . in relation to the aims of the research previously outlined the following information was [drawn out/prompted] from it :

By this means attitudes towards , as well as experiences of , investigating child sexual abuse were elicited .
by this means attitudes towards , as well as experiences of , investigating child sexual abuse were [drawn out/prompted] .

The single explicit sex scene elicited deep silence , the full-frontal nude scenes , mostly of males , were greeted by raucous/embarrassed laughter .
the single explicit sex scene [drawn out/prompted] deep silence , the full-frontal nude scenes , mostly of males , were greeted by raucous/embarrassed laughter .

Questions about their politics elicited answers which were , generally , conservative and not in favour of progressive ideas .
questions about their politics [drawn out/prompted] answers which were , generally , conservative and not in favour of progressive ideas .

The Wadi El Gharbi — mentioned in Abu Khadra 's land maps — elicited a faint response in the woman .
the wadi el gharbi — mentioned in abu khadra 's land maps — [drawn out/prompted] a faint response in the woman .

Respondents were asked to describe how they would like to expand their training programmes : this elicited needs that libraries perceived as significant but which were not being satisfied , and information about the factors that they felt were preventing them from undertaking ‘ enough ’ training .
respondents were asked to describe how they would like to expand their training programmes : this [drawn out/prompted] needs that libraries perceived as significant but which were not being satisfied , and information about the factors that they felt were preventing them from undertaking ‘ enough ’ training .

The call on Sanders elicited the information that the client in question had been a Herr Fedorov , who lived in a large house just north of the village .
the call on sanders [drawn out/prompted] the information that the client in question had been a herr fedorov , who lived in a large house just north of the village .

Plural references are less likely to be elicited by mixed description-types .
plural references are less likely to be [drawn out/prompted] by mixed description-types .

No brief summary can possibly do justice to the depth of the analysis ; but it has already been tried out on some uncommonly hard-nosed customers , and elicited their approbation .
no brief summary can possibly do justice to the depth of the analysis ; but it has already been tried out on some uncommonly hard-nosed customers , and [drawn out/prompted] their approbation .

It says a lot for our common social perceptions that various observers can agree in their assessments of an individual seen with different people , in different places at different times , but only a detailed inventory , as Robert Cairns and James Green at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , have pointed out , can tell us how actual forms of behaviour are elicited , maintained and organised .
it says a lot for our common social perceptions that various observers can agree in their assessments of an individual seen with different people , in different places at different times , but only a detailed inventory , as robert cairns and james green at the university of north carolina at chapel hill , have pointed out , can tell us how actual forms of behaviour are [drawn out/prompted] , maintained and organised .

When , at its first meeting in 1831 , the British Association called for a report on the state of mathematics it elicited only three sections , on algebra , trigonometry and the arithmetic of sines , which almost completely ignored the major developments of the previous century and a half .
when , at its first meeting in 1831 , the british association called for a report on the state of mathematics it [drawn out/prompted] only three sections , on algebra , trigonometry and the arithmetic of sines , which almost completely ignored the major developments of the previous century and a half .

He found no responsivity to the reflex blink elicited by the air puff but as the animal learned to make the conditioned eyeblink response to the tone , electrical activity was noted .
he found no responsivity to the reflex blink [drawn out/prompted] by the air puff but as the animal learned to make the conditioned eyeblink response to the tone , electrical activity was noted .

She also elicited the views of the students about the way ward organisation helped them to learn .
she also [drawn out/prompted] the views of the students about the way ward organisation helped them to learn .

Joy in a Strauss Waltz or in Tchaikovsky is purer than the joy elicited by words .
joy in a strauss waltz or in tchaikovsky is purer than the joy [drawn out/prompted] by words .

According to the Saturday , the debate elicited a strong feeling in favour of Scott 's design , and Manners ‘ was more than a match ’ for Palmerston .
according to the saturday , the debate [drawn out/prompted] a strong feeling in favour of scott 's design , and manners ‘ was more than a match ’ for palmerston .

The most interesting of these eventually elicited Ruskin 's only comment on the controversy .
the most interesting of these eventually [drawn out/prompted] ruskin 's only comment on the controversy .

It has elicited at least initial interest from 19 more .
it has [drawn out/prompted] at least initial interest from 19 more .

This effort elicited from Sharif a promise to talk with the Taliban .
this effort [drawn out/prompted] from sharif a promise to talk with the taliban .

Such mechanisms obviously imply the existence of molecular systems in cells that sense macronutrients—systems that may respond not only to nutrient availability but also to the hormonal response elicited by these dietary nutrients [ 13 ] .
such mechanisms obviously imply the existence of molecular systems in cells that sense macronutrients—systems that may respond not only to nutrient availability but also to the hormonal response [drawn out/prompted] by these dietary nutrients [ 13 ] .

Solinger and colleagues were the first to describe antigen variants producing T cell responses that were stronger than those elicited by the parental sequences [ 6 ] .
solinger and colleagues were the first to describe antigen variants producing t cell responses that were stronger than those [drawn out/prompted] by the parental sequences [ 6 ] .

In addition , the careful analysis of antigen-specific T cell clones , such as that reported here by Lee and colleagues , will be crucial to ascertain the quality of the elicited immune response .
in addition , the careful analysis of antigen-specific t cell clones , such as that reported here by lee and colleagues , will be crucial to ascertain the quality of the [drawn out/prompted] immune response .

Notably , such antibodies might be elicited by a number of bacteria in addition to pneumococci , such as Haemophilus influenzae , which also produce phosphorylcholine .
notably , such antibodies might be [drawn out/prompted] by a number of bacteria in addition to pneumococci , such as haemophilus influenzae , which also produce phosphorylcholine .

However , the presence of TAA-specific T cells elicited by vaccination often does not correlate with clinical responses [ 3,14,15,16,17 ] .
however , the presence of taa-specific t cells [drawn out/prompted] by vaccination often does not correlate with clinical responses [ 3,14,15,16,17 ] .

One possibility is that elicited TAA-specific T cells are not optimally functional in vivo [ 2,18 ] .
one possibility is that [drawn out/prompted] taa-specific t cells are not optimally functional in vivo [ 2,18 ] .

These findings suggest that TAA-specific T cells elicited by heteroclitic peptide vaccination have different tumor-cytolytic potentials from those which develop endogenously to cancer .
these findings suggest that taa-specific t cells [drawn out/prompted] by heteroclitic peptide vaccination have different tumor-cytolytic potentials from those which develop endogenously to cancer .

Rather , variations in RE may be a function of the manner in which these cells were elicited in vivo via vaccination .
rather , variations in re may be a function of the manner in which these cells were [drawn out/prompted] in vivo via vaccination .

Discussion To achieve maximal clinical responses , the majority of T cells elicited by vaccination in cancer patients should be capable of responding to tumor targets .
discussion to achieve maximal clinical responses , the majority of t cells [drawn out/prompted] by vaccination in cancer patients should be capable of responding to tumor targets .

We have undertaken the most detailed analysis to date , on a single-cell level , of T cell responses elicited by cancer vaccination and have compared these with endogenous anti-tumor responses .
we have undertaken the most detailed analysis to date , on a single-cell level , of t cell responses [drawn out/prompted] by cancer vaccination and have compared these with endogenous anti-tumor responses .

To evaluate the full spectrum of T cells elicited in each patient by vaccination , we utilized tetramers made with the vaccine peptides ( heteroclitic M26 and G209–2M ) to isolate such cells .
to evaluate the full spectrum of t cells [drawn out/prompted] in each patient by vaccination , we utilized tetramers made with the vaccine peptides ( heteroclitic m26 and g209–2m ) to isolate such cells .

Our data revealed that T cell populations induced by vaccination were significantly different from endogenous responses : while some CTLs elicited by vaccination could kill melanoma targets , most were inefficient in tumor cell lysis .
our data revealed that t cell populations induced by vaccination were significantly different from endogenous responses : while some ctls [drawn out/prompted] by vaccination could kill melanoma targets , most were inefficient in tumor cell lysis .

These data suggest an inverse relationship between antigen density and the RE of T cells elicited .
these data suggest an inverse relationship between antigen density and the re of t cells [drawn out/prompted] .

Our data support the notion that not only quantity , but quality , of the T cell response elicited by vaccination may be important for clinical efficacy .
our data support the notion that not only quantity , but quality , of the t cell response [drawn out/prompted] by vaccination may be important for clinical efficacy .

This suggests that the manner in which T cells are elicited in vivo are different in these two settings and may underlie their differences in biology .
this suggests that the manner in which t cells are [drawn out/prompted] in vivo are different in these two settings and may underlie their differences in biology .

How is their detection and transduction of information organised so that the appropriate response is elicited ?
how is their detection and transduction of information organised so that the appropriate response is [drawn out/prompted] ?

Natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some desire , or thought , or external stimuli .
natural erections are [drawn out/prompted] by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some desire , or thought , or external stimuli .

Then someone pitched her a softball that elicited what I think is the most inadvertently revealing thing she has said on the subject to date .
then someone pitched her a softball that [drawn out/prompted] what i think is the most inadvertently revealing thing she has said on the subject to date .

The Boy Scouts have long elicited private sniggers about the sort of men they attract -- going back , in fact , to their founder , that curious Englishman Robert Stephenson Smyth Baden-Powell .
the boy scouts have long [drawn out/prompted] private sniggers about the sort of men they attract -- going back , in fact , to their founder , that curious englishman robert stephenson smyth baden-powell .

In Iowa , Bush elicited applause and media excitement by taking what the Los Angeles Times called `` several shots '' at Clinton .
in iowa , bush [drawn out/prompted] applause and media excitement by taking what the los angeles times called `` several shots '' at clinton .

As played by Jeremy Brett , Holmes was so eccentric , so mannered , that all attention was drawn to him , rather than to the story -- and after you had seen him several times , he elicited giggles rather than puzzlement .
as played by jeremy brett , holmes was so eccentric , so mannered , that all attention was drawn to him , rather than to the story -- and after you had seen him several times , he [drawn out/prompted] giggles rather than puzzlement .

This elicited groans in the room where several hundred reporters watched the debate on video monitors , as did Gore 's fulsome expression of thanks to the people of New Hampshire for the wonderful lessons they had taught him .
this [drawn out/prompted] groans in the room where several hundred reporters watched the debate on video monitors , as did gore 's fulsome expression of thanks to the people of new hampshire for the wonderful lessons they had taught him .

George Stephanopoulos elicited a gasp from Cokie Roberts on ABC 's This Week when he too demanded Saddam 's `` assassination . ''
george stephanopoulos [drawn out/prompted] a gasp from cokie roberts on abc 's this week when he too demanded saddam 's `` assassination . ''

The Washington Post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining China 's pledge to halt assistance to Iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing American firms to sell nuclear reactors to China ) , the Clinton administration discovered and protested China 's secret negotiations with Iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .
the washington post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining china 's pledge to halt assistance to iran 's nuclear programs ( [drawn out/prompted] in return for allowing american firms to sell nuclear reactors to china ) , the clinton administration discovered and protested china 's secret negotiations with iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .

Of the two women depicted in Olympia , the lily-white nude courtesan , displayed on a chaise longue , elicited the outcry .
of the two women depicted in olympia , the lily-white nude courtesan , displayed on a chaise longue , [drawn out/prompted] the outcry .

This parallel obsession elicited the interesting suggestion , from the critic Maurice Tuchman , that both animals ( especially sacrificed animals ) and uniformed domestics were scapegoats of sorts .
this parallel obsession [drawn out/prompted] the interesting suggestion , from the critic maurice tuchman , that both animals ( especially sacrificed animals ) and uniformed domestics were scapegoats of sorts .

He was forever commissioning huge semiacademic studies of problems by an array of experts like Henry Kissinger , a practice which throughout his life elicited resentment from colleagues less flush with cash .
he was forever commissioning huge semiacademic studies of problems by an array of experts like henry kissinger , a practice which throughout his life [drawn out/prompted] resentment from colleagues less flush with cash .

Lord Lamont of Lerwick , the former chancellor who elicited the written appeal , said , `` I suspect that the representations have been made at the highest level , recognising the General 's great contribution to protecting freedom during the Cold War . ''
lord lamont of lerwick , the former chancellor who [drawn out/prompted] the written appeal , said , `` i suspect that the representations have been made at the highest level , recognising the general 's great contribution to protecting freedom during the cold war . ''

Without publicly embracing any of the coalition 's positions , Bush elicited from Robertson the magic words , `` He loves the Lord . ''
without publicly embracing any of the coalition 's positions , bush [drawn out/prompted] from robertson the magic words , `` he loves the lord . ''

The error that elicited more letters than Prudie cares to reveal -- though all were polite -- had to do with a quotation from Thoreau .
the error that [drawn out/prompted] more letters than prudie cares to reveal -- though all were polite -- had to do with a quotation from thoreau .

My unfortunate query elicited this response : `` I have a problem with my weight , and you have just ruined my day . ''
my unfortunate query [drawn out/prompted] this response : `` i have a problem with my weight , and you have just ruined my day . ''

This massive growth has periodically elicited cries from lean-government types .
this massive growth has periodically [drawn out/prompted] cries from lean-government types .

