I was curious to know if Lumumba's death , which is surely among the most sinister of recent events , would elicit from `` our '' side anything more than the usual , well-meaning rhetoric .
i was curious to know if lumumba's death , which is surely among the most sinister of recent events , would [draw out/prompt] from `` our '' side anything more than the usual , well-meaning rhetoric .

( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the Aj .
( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to [draw out/prompt] a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the aj .

The questionnaire was designed to elicit three types of information : ( 1 ) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents , including their experience with , and interest in , securing defense business ; ;
the questionnaire was designed to [draw out/prompt] three types of information : ( 1 ) the facts regarding certain characteristics of the respondents , including their experience with , and interest in , securing defense business ; ;

Since then , four telephone calls and two letters have failed to elicit from the sheriff officers the basis of this arrestment , beyond informing me that it was for a sum of £50.59 , but without specifying why or how this sum was allegedly due .
since then , four telephone calls and two letters have failed to [draw out/prompt] from the sheriff officers the basis of this arrestment , beyond informing me that it was for a sum of £50.59 , but without specifying why or how this sum was allegedly due .

There can be no hard-and-fast rules about how to elicit from a table or group of tables the main points of interest ; it is possible to offer only some general guidelines .
there can be no hard-and-fast rules about how to [draw out/prompt] from a table or group of tables the main points of interest ; it is possible to offer only some general guidelines .

Uldall ( 1960 , 1964 ) used a speech synthesiser to vary pitch and elicit listeners ' judgments .
uldall ( 1960 , 1964 ) used a speech synthesiser to vary pitch and [draw out/prompt] listeners ' judgments .

The use of a different laminate and fingerboard in the neck of the six helps to elicit a slightly darker sound , but the power is still there , without a doubt .
the use of a different laminate and fingerboard in the neck of the six helps to [draw out/prompt] a slightly darker sound , but the power is still there , without a doubt .

More recently , departmental committees have come to play a more important role in this regard , seeking by the examination of Ministers and senior members of the Civil Service , amongst others , to elicit information , previously much less accessible , as a basis for more intelligent criticism and control .
more recently , departmental committees have come to play a more important role in this regard , seeking by the examination of ministers and senior members of the civil service , amongst others , to [draw out/prompt] information , previously much less accessible , as a basis for more intelligent criticism and control .

Even worse , some States attempt to bring political prejudice into the conference room and elicit support from other delegates with similar persuasions or from similar geographical groups such as when the African States or Central American States decide to oppose a proposal , pleading encroachment upon their sovereignty .
even worse , some states attempt to bring political prejudice into the conference room and [draw out/prompt] support from other delegates with similar persuasions or from similar geographical groups such as when the african states or central american states decide to oppose a proposal , pleading encroachment upon their sovereignty .

It took some further persuasion to elicit exactly where he had spent the hours in Newcastle .
it took some further persuasion to [draw out/prompt] exactly where he had spent the hours in newcastle .

’ Getting this ingredient off the drawing boards and into bricks and mortar — not to mention details such as Donald Duck doorknobs — was indeed the stuff of dreams for Stern , who has always stood up for emotional content : ‘ In my view , whether you are engaged in a theme park , a hospital , or a court house , the building should elicit some excitement .
’ getting this ingredient off the drawing boards and into bricks and mortar — not to mention details such as donald duck doorknobs — was indeed the stuff of dreams for stern , who has always stood up for emotional content : ‘ in my view , whether you are engaged in a theme park , a hospital , or a court house , the building should [draw out/prompt] some excitement .

By identifying the characteristics of each type , interesting information emerges about the ways in which different teachers can elicit different types of behaviour from similar pupils .
by identifying the characteristics of each type , interesting information emerges about the ways in which different teachers can [draw out/prompt] different types of behaviour from similar pupils .

He identified the methods they used , both of language and of body language , to elicit applause from their audiences .
he identified the methods they used , both of language and of body language , to [draw out/prompt] applause from their audiences .

In fact , some of these practices have also been applied to political communication ; an election broadcast or a staged political event is constructed in such a way as to elicit a pre-determined and desired response .
in fact , some of these practices have also been applied to political communication ; an election broadcast or a staged political event is constructed in such a way as to [draw out/prompt] a pre-determined and desired response .

The careful ‘ packaging ’ of Mrs Thatcher by Gordon Reece from the mid-1970s onwards was designed to create a different image of her in the minds of the public , an image which was felt to elicit a more positive response on the part of the public .
the careful ‘ packaging ’ of mrs thatcher by gordon reece from the mid-1970s onwards was designed to create a different image of her in the minds of the public , an image which was felt to [draw out/prompt] a more positive response on the part of the public .

By contrast , similarities ( even across unrelated species ) that are not due to common origin , but rather to force of environmental circumstance , to conditions which elicit one narrowly constrained adaptive response from the two species , are called analogous .
by contrast , similarities ( even across unrelated species ) that are not due to common origin , but rather to force of environmental circumstance , to conditions which [draw out/prompt] one narrowly constrained adaptive response from the two species , are called analogous .

In artificial selection , the chosen end , for which the race is being fitted , does not elicit the variation being selected .
in artificial selection , the chosen end , for which the race is being fitted , does not [draw out/prompt] the variation being selected .

There will also be deep-seated reasons why certain types of behaviour elicit strong responses in others .
there will also be deep-seated reasons why certain types of behaviour [draw out/prompt] strong responses in others .

It can be difficult to justify spending a large large amount of course time on design , but asking colleagues in design institutions to recommend or teach a useful ( and usable ) subset of document design to occupy just a few hours is not likely to elicit an encouraging response .
it can be difficult to justify spending a large large amount of course time on design , but asking colleagues in design institutions to recommend or teach a useful ( and usable ) subset of document design to occupy just a few hours is not likely to [draw out/prompt] an encouraging response .

Using an overhead projector , instructors may elicit a range of answers to each question and then compare these with the samples provided .
using an overhead projector , instructors may [draw out/prompt] a range of answers to each question and then compare these with the samples provided .

Checklists are seldom employed to assess phonological skills , but are much more frequently applied to grammatical and functional language abilities which may be relatively difficult to elicit during a formal assessment session .
checklists are seldom employed to assess phonological skills , but are much more frequently applied to grammatical and functional language abilities which may be relatively difficult to [draw out/prompt] during a formal assessment session .

Both of these tests depend , to a great extent , upon the use of pictures to elicit key words from a child .
both of these tests depend , to a great extent , upon the use of pictures to [draw out/prompt] key words from a child .

Wherever possible , the counsellor should try to elicit their feelings beyond the more superficial emotions of anger , hate and hostility to the deeper emotions which involve the sadnesses , disappointments , inadequacies and griefs they are experiencing .
wherever possible , the counsellor should try to [draw out/prompt] their feelings beyond the more superficial emotions of anger , hate and hostility to the deeper emotions which involve the sadnesses , disappointments , inadequacies and griefs they are experiencing .

Some older people may be pre-occupied with these negative aspects of their lives , where the counsellor will be dealing with a lack of personal satisfaction and fulfilment , failed relationships , unfulfilled hopes , and even perhaps with events that elicit feelings of disgrace and shame .
some older people may be pre-occupied with these negative aspects of their lives , where the counsellor will be dealing with a lack of personal satisfaction and fulfilment , failed relationships , unfulfilled hopes , and even perhaps with events that [draw out/prompt] feelings of disgrace and shame .

The paper is much more tentative because some of it is based on evidence which has not always been gathered from studies designed specifically to elicit people 's conceptions in the mind .
the paper is much more tentative because some of it is based on evidence which has not always been gathered from studies designed specifically to [draw out/prompt] people 's conceptions in the mind .

Ostensibly , the purpose of these programmes is either to elicit public help with solving the crime or to show how the police work .
ostensibly , the purpose of these programmes is either to [draw out/prompt] public help with solving the crime or to show how the police work .

Such propagated electrical responses can often be instigated by stimuli such as osmotic shock , heat shock , cold and touch , which also elicit stress responses in plants .
such propagated electrical responses can often be instigated by stimuli such as osmotic shock , heat shock , cold and touch , which also [draw out/prompt] stress responses in plants .

After a year and a half of desultory contacts , none of the parties to the conflict has shown itself able to give enough to elicit a useful response from the other side .
after a year and a half of desultory contacts , none of the parties to the conflict has shown itself able to give enough to [draw out/prompt] a useful response from the other side .

The sonnets to the Friend , by contrast , elicit warmth in us by the warmth that they contain .
the sonnets to the friend , by contrast , [draw out/prompt] warmth in us by the warmth that they contain .

This clause , committing its signatories not to create offensive work , was , he says , intended to elicit a lawsuit to test its constitutionality .
this clause , committing its signatories not to create offensive work , was , he says , intended to [draw out/prompt] a lawsuit to test its constitutionality .

Similarly , cosmetic surgery is seen in the professional literature as an option ( some parents choose it , some do n't ) , or even as a kind of cure , especially by the surgeons contracted to perform it , whose understanding of the issues extends as far as the principle that if people see a physically normal child they will react to it ‘ normally ’ and will elicit normal behaviour .
similarly , cosmetic surgery is seen in the professional literature as an option ( some parents choose it , some do n't ) , or even as a kind of cure , especially by the surgeons contracted to perform it , whose understanding of the issues extends as far as the principle that if people see a physically normal child they will react to it ‘ normally ’ and will [draw out/prompt] normal behaviour .

It is truly — and intellectually — heart-warming that music as hook-free and unfeathered as Spiritualized 's could elicit such a sporting , involved response from a bunch of lumber tops and nose-pin rebels .
it is truly — and intellectually — heart-warming that music as hook-free and unfeathered as spiritualized 's could [draw out/prompt] such a sporting , involved response from a bunch of lumber tops and nose-pin rebels .

They were written to proclaim him as the Christ , the anointed of God , the revealer of the Father , and to elicit the appropriate response of faith and trust in him .
they were written to proclaim him as the christ , the anointed of god , the revealer of the father , and to [draw out/prompt] the appropriate response of faith and trust in him .

One sort of explanation sees such practices as permanent employment and seniority wage systems as being related to Japan 's unique cultural traditions and the carry-over to modern industry of patterns of social relationships and obligations which characterised feudal Japan.7 Other , perhaps more convincing , approaches ( as these practices are not characteristic of smaller-sized firms ) see them as an employer response to the exigencies of the labour market and as a control device to elicit and reward loyal workforce behaviour ( Jacoby , 1979 ) , since lifetime employment is not a practice of very long standing in Japan .
one sort of explanation sees such practices as permanent employment and seniority wage systems as being related to japan 's unique cultural traditions and the carry-over to modern industry of patterns of social relationships and obligations which characterised feudal japan.7 other , perhaps more convincing , approaches ( as these practices are not characteristic of smaller-sized firms ) see them as an employer response to the exigencies of the labour market and as a control device to [draw out/prompt] and reward loyal workforce behaviour ( jacoby , 1979 ) , since lifetime employment is not a practice of very long standing in japan .

As late medieval Catholics also believed that they could elicit the help of the Virgin Mary and the saints in heaven not only for themselves but also for those in purgatory , intercessory prayers , masses for the dead , and the worship of relics of the saints were all extremely important features of lay piety .
as late medieval catholics also believed that they could [draw out/prompt] the help of the virgin mary and the saints in heaven not only for themselves but also for those in purgatory , intercessory prayers , masses for the dead , and the worship of relics of the saints were all extremely important features of lay piety .

Such behaviour may depend at least partly on the teacher 's skill in setting up situations which will elicit the best from each child : most people are shy in some situations and confident in others , and different people 's responses to the same situation may vary sharply .
such behaviour may depend at least partly on the teacher 's skill in setting up situations which will [draw out/prompt] the best from each child : most people are shy in some situations and confident in others , and different people 's responses to the same situation may vary sharply .

When this failed to elicit a response he turned directly to the larger .
when this failed to [draw out/prompt] a response he turned directly to the larger .

The basic idea is that in order to study a single linguistic feature , the investigator will elicit a set word or phrase in entirely naturalistic conditions from persons who happen to be in a given place at a given time .
the basic idea is that in order to study a single linguistic feature , the investigator will [draw out/prompt] a set word or phrase in entirely naturalistic conditions from persons who happen to be in a given place at a given time .

But significantly , table 7.1 also shows that it does not seem to be possible to elicit sharp judgements of acceptability which can be used to divide grammatical from ungrammatical sentences .
but significantly , table 7.1 also shows that it does not seem to be possible to [draw out/prompt] sharp judgements of acceptability which can be used to divide grammatical from ungrammatical sentences .

But such a procedure would simply have led to the conclusion that the investigator had failed to elicit environments where the variable could be studied , and would miss the point that speakers were in fact making use of an entirely different range of choices to express stylistic differences .
but such a procedure would simply have led to the conclusion that the investigator had failed to [draw out/prompt] environments where the variable could be studied , and would miss the point that speakers were in fact making use of an entirely different range of choices to express stylistic differences .

The second is how to elicit people 's preferences , and though score sheets , questionnaires and semantic difference scales have been widely used , the search is still on for a more effective method ( Propst and Buyhoff , 1980 ) .
the second is how to [draw out/prompt] people 's preferences , and though score sheets , questionnaires and semantic difference scales have been widely used , the search is still on for a more effective method ( propst and buyhoff , 1980 ) .

The other great method of investigation and discovery of information was by the appointment of select committees , governments often feeling that they could not oppose motions seeking to elicit the facts on any situation .
the other great method of investigation and discovery of information was by the appointment of select committees , governments often feeling that they could not oppose motions seeking to [draw out/prompt] the facts on any situation .

Major inquiries elicit a formal reply issued as a parliamentary paper available to all MPs and the mass media .
major inquiries [draw out/prompt] a formal reply issued as a parliamentary paper available to all mps and the mass media .

This tribunal was set up under the Tribunals of Enquiry ( Evidence ) Act 1921 the procedure of which is designed to elicit facts .
this tribunal was set up under the tribunals of enquiry ( evidence ) act 1921 the procedure of which is designed to [draw out/prompt] facts .

Apart from Tuesdays this was the strategy most in evidence in the centres and used to elicit participation in all activities .
apart from tuesdays this was the strategy most in evidence in the centres and used to [draw out/prompt] participation in all activities .

Prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in Matza 's words , ‘ they elicit authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( Matza , 1964:161 ) .
prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in matza 's words , ‘ they [draw out/prompt] authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( matza , 1964:161 ) .

The investigator can , of course , exercise full control over the nature of these materials , and is thus in a position to elicit whatever information he needs .
the investigator can , of course , exercise full control over the nature of these materials , and is thus in a position to [draw out/prompt] whatever information he needs .

We shall inquire presently whether we should ask informants what things mean ; let us first consider whether words are the most appropriate items of language on which to elicit judgement .
we shall inquire presently whether we should ask informants what things mean ; let us first consider whether words are the most appropriate items of language on which to [draw out/prompt] judgement .

The origin of those failures may be traced even further back , in the altering plan and exclusive position of the eighteenth-century house , but neither creative writers nor architects elicit their portentous implications .
the origin of those failures may be traced even further back , in the altering plan and exclusive position of the eighteenth-century house , but neither creative writers nor architects [draw out/prompt] their portentous implications .

The questionnaire which was eventually devised was designed to elicit information concerning :
the questionnaire which was eventually devised was designed to [draw out/prompt] information concerning :

But , as on land , any sound can also elicit danger .
but , as on land , any sound can also [draw out/prompt] danger .

Verbal questions tended to elicit eye movements to the right whereas questions of a spatial nature tended to elicit movements to the left .
verbal questions tended to [draw out/prompt] eye movements to the right whereas questions of a spatial nature tended to [draw out/prompt] movements to the left .

In this treatment a variety of techniques is used to elicit the language learners already know before they reach the `` View , Listen and Compare `` stage .
in this treatment a variety of techniques is used to [draw out/prompt] the language learners already know before they reach the `` view , listen and compare `` stage .

When first a new people group was contacted , the leaders were asked to pay tribute , and then they were often persuaded to make a solemn pact or covenant ( shen or prisyaga ) The customs of the locals were investigated to elicit information about what sort of oath would be regarded as the most binding .
when first a new people group was contacted , the leaders were asked to pay tribute , and then they were often persuaded to make a solemn pact or covenant ( shen or prisyaga ) the customs of the locals were investigated to [draw out/prompt] information about what sort of oath would be regarded as the most binding .

With so much media space currently devoted to the heinous depredations the naked ape has inflicted on his habitat , it seems an inappropriate moment to celebrate the career of an artist whose entire work reflects his abiding faith in mankind ; an artist who gloried in presenting humanity dressed up in the paraphernalia of a glamorous performer , or as an honest victim of other men 's rapacity , so as to elicit for him the onlooker 's sympathy .
with so much media space currently devoted to the heinous depredations the naked ape has inflicted on his habitat , it seems an inappropriate moment to celebrate the career of an artist whose entire work reflects his abiding faith in mankind ; an artist who gloried in presenting humanity dressed up in the paraphernalia of a glamorous performer , or as an honest victim of other men 's rapacity , so as to [draw out/prompt] for him the onlooker 's sympathy .

Pollsters generally face people with questions in the abstract and in this situation may elicit responses different from those which people might give when faced with an issue of direct practical concern to themselves .
pollsters generally face people with questions in the abstract and in this situation may [draw out/prompt] responses different from those which people might give when faced with an issue of direct practical concern to themselves .

Teaching how to elicit and interpret physical signs
teaching how to [draw out/prompt] and interpret physical signs

In this context , the term inquisitorial seems to mean that chairs feel they have the freedom to investigate cases and elicit the information they think they need in order to get to the truth of the situation , rather than to choose between competing arguments .
in this context , the term inquisitorial seems to mean that chairs feel they have the freedom to investigate cases and [draw out/prompt] the information they think they need in order to get to the truth of the situation , rather than to choose between competing arguments .

Of all the varied assemblies , other than parliament , through which the king attempted to elicit taxation , that of the clergy alone endured .
of all the varied assemblies , other than parliament , through which the king attempted to [draw out/prompt] taxation , that of the clergy alone endured .

He could take her upstairs now , try slowly to elicit some response from that virginal body .
he could take her upstairs now , try slowly to [draw out/prompt] some response from that virginal body .

And she suspected too , without being told , that to question a rock star like Adams merely at a trivial level was potentially more fruitful than to elicit his opinions on , say , constitutional reform or Schopenhauer .
and she suspected too , without being told , that to question a rock star like adams merely at a trivial level was potentially more fruitful than to [draw out/prompt] his opinions on , say , constitutional reform or schopenhauer .

The investigation was based on in-depth group discussions , These discussions were structured around a pre-determined format whose objective was to elicit the respondents ' motives and attitudes towards the product .
the investigation was based on in-depth group discussions , these discussions were structured around a pre-determined format whose objective was to [draw out/prompt] the respondents ' motives and attitudes towards the product .

Trying to prevent boredom and contain deviance by making the curriculum ‘ relevant ’ to pupils ' cultures may elicit sexism ; yet sexist curricula may exacerbate deviance .
trying to prevent boredom and contain deviance by making the curriculum ‘ relevant ’ to pupils ' cultures may [draw out/prompt] sexism ; yet sexist curricula may exacerbate deviance .

Visitors were instructed to ask what time working class wives got up in the morning and to elicit a history of the way in which they organised their day 's work .
visitors were instructed to ask what time working class wives got up in the morning and to [draw out/prompt] a history of the way in which they organised their day 's work .

There tends to be more division between workers where the strike may be defined as ‘ illegal ’ ; employers are likewise more apt to continue production and employ strikebreakers ; and trade unions are more likely to elicit more public condemnation and encounter ‘ more vigorous state repression ’ when they deliberately flout the law ( ibid .
there tends to be more division between workers where the strike may be defined as ‘ illegal ’ ; employers are likewise more apt to continue production and employ strikebreakers ; and trade unions are more likely to [draw out/prompt] more public condemnation and encounter ‘ more vigorous state repression ’ when they deliberately flout the law ( ibid .

The police constable on the beat will occasionally be in situations where leadership skills have to be shown ; team leaders will need to elicit the support of other team members , and some supervisors are more readily followed than others .
the police constable on the beat will occasionally be in situations where leadership skills have to be shown ; team leaders will need to [draw out/prompt] the support of other team members , and some supervisors are more readily followed than others .

However , should Cleo 's entreaty elicit no response , he might consider investigating the building with her .
however , should cleo 's entreaty [draw out/prompt] no response , he might consider investigating the building with her .

Precise questions encourage precise answers while vague ones often elicit more information .
precise questions encourage precise answers while vague ones often [draw out/prompt] more information .

The respondents were also asked a supplementary question designed to elicit their rationalisations for their decisions .
the respondents were also asked a supplementary question designed to [draw out/prompt] their rationalisations for their decisions .

It is also possible , however , to interpret `` these `` as being used not to indicate spatial proximity , but to highlight the speaker 's empathy with the unfortunate referents of `` these who die as cattle `` , and , possibly , to elicit a similar attitude in the reader ( Lyons 1977:677 ; Levinson 1983:81 ) .
it is also possible , however , to interpret `` these `` as being used not to indicate spatial proximity , but to highlight the speaker 's empathy with the unfortunate referents of `` these who die as cattle `` , and , possibly , to [draw out/prompt] a similar attitude in the reader ( lyons 1977:677 ; levinson 1983:81 ) .

‘ You 're obviously an experienced man , you know how to elicit a response .
‘ you 're obviously an experienced man , you know how to [draw out/prompt] a response .

In times of rising money wages , therefore , workers must first decide whether or not the real wage is rising ( problem ( a ) ) , and secondly decompose any increase in the real wage which may be suspected to have occurred into a permanent component , eliciting minimal labour supply response , and a temporary component , which could elicit a significant rise in the supply of labour services ( problem ( b ) ) .
in times of rising money wages , therefore , workers must first decide whether or not the real wage is rising ( problem ( a ) ) , and secondly decompose any increase in the real wage which may be suspected to have occurred into a permanent component , eliciting minimal labour supply response , and a temporary component , which could [draw out/prompt] a significant rise in the supply of labour services ( problem ( b ) ) .

In addition to giving explanations , teachers try to elicit explanations from their pupils by asking questions .
in addition to giving explanations , teachers try to [draw out/prompt] explanations from their pupils by asking questions .

This new cultural leadership was articulated in terms of a spiritual character or aura which would elicit consent on the part of the governed and was of immense influence for the early development of the institutionalized discipline of English studies .
this new cultural leadership was articulated in terms of a spiritual character or aura which would [draw out/prompt] consent on the part of the governed and was of immense influence for the early development of the institutionalized discipline of english studies .

Such an official would be able to bring before a court the sort of evidence which the proposal for inquisitorial procedure is designed to elicit .
such an official would be able to bring before a court the sort of evidence which the proposal for inquisitorial procedure is designed to [draw out/prompt] .

The therapist may have to prompt the client to elicit these thoughts , as very often the client is not aware of them .
the therapist may have to prompt the client to [draw out/prompt] these thoughts , as very often the client is not aware of them .

If you do not have a directory which includes specialist editors ' names a quick phone call will soon elicit the information .
if you do not have a directory which includes specialist editors ' names a quick phone call will soon [draw out/prompt] the information .

Therefore it seems there is an easy , cheap and extremely efficient method for rewarding managers in such a way as to elicit efficient performance .
therefore it seems there is an easy , cheap and extremely efficient method for rewarding managers in such a way as to [draw out/prompt] efficient performance .

To describe the experiences of 10 fundholding practices in the Northern region during 1991–2 and to elicit subjective assessments of the impact of their change in status on practice management and patient care .
to describe the experiences of 10 fundholding practices in the northern region during 1991–2 and to [draw out/prompt] subjective assessments of the impact of their change in status on practice management and patient care .

These aimed to elicit individual views about fundholding and details of the impact that it had had on their roles .
these aimed to [draw out/prompt] individual views about fundholding and details of the impact that it had had on their roles .

An effective general practitioner must have counselling skills to elicit important diagnostic information and manage consultations appropriately .
an effective general practitioner must have counselling skills to [draw out/prompt] important diagnostic information and manage consultations appropriately .

Managers who see union leaders as aggressive , pig-headed and irrational treat union leaders in such a way that they elicit aggressive , pig-headed and irrational responses .
managers who see union leaders as aggressive , pig-headed and irrational treat union leaders in such a way that they [draw out/prompt] aggressive , pig-headed and irrational responses .

Apart from the reference to Napoleon , the above quotation , to judge from the letters and verbal declarations we received , might have expressed , almost verbatim , the reaction of a contemporary reader to The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail when it was published in 1982 . In fact the words are from a novel , Jean Barois by Roger Martin du Gard , published in 1912 , and in that novel they elicit the response :
apart from the reference to napoleon , the above quotation , to judge from the letters and verbal declarations we received , might have expressed , almost verbatim , the reaction of a contemporary reader to the holy blood and the holy grail when it was published in 1982 . in fact the words are from a novel , jean barois by roger martin du gard , published in 1912 , and in that novel they [draw out/prompt] the response :

The sessions have also produced a wealth of varied and detailed material , often linked to constructive proposals for the solving of problems , which questionnaires do not elicit .
the sessions have also produced a wealth of varied and detailed material , often linked to constructive proposals for the solving of problems , which questionnaires do not [draw out/prompt] .

Actions are performed with no obvious point to them ; taboos persist and elicit sometimes quite violent reactions if they are broken ; the archaic heritage of humanity does not disappear .
actions are performed with no obvious point to them ; taboos persist and [draw out/prompt] sometimes quite violent reactions if they are broken ; the archaic heritage of humanity does not disappear .

Format is the same in both books : cartoon presentation of the topic , with follow-up designed to elicit creative language through discussion along , role play and written work .
format is the same in both books : cartoon presentation of the topic , with follow-up designed to [draw out/prompt] creative language through discussion along , role play and written work .

Exercises to elicit ( a ) understanding ( b ) language use ( c ) writer 's attitude ( d ) stylistic features of prose ( journalese ) ( e ) non-verbal data ( graphs etc ) .
exercises to [draw out/prompt] ( a ) understanding ( b ) language use ( c ) writer 's attitude ( d ) stylistic features of prose ( journalese ) ( e ) non-verbal data ( graphs etc ) .

Speaking , dialogues , listening comprehension , writing , form-filling , reading with true/false questions to elicit comprehension .
speaking , dialogues , listening comprehension , writing , form-filling , reading with true/false questions to [draw out/prompt] comprehension .

He was a polite man , invariably correct and pleasant with Mrs Collins , so this was done deliberately to elicit a response .
he was a polite man , invariably correct and pleasant with mrs collins , so this was done deliberately to [draw out/prompt] a response .

Classical conditioning requires the combined occurrence of two events ; it is a procedure in which a neutral stimulus is paired with a stimulus that elicits a reflex or other response until the neutral stimulus alone comes to elicit a similar response .
classical conditioning requires the combined occurrence of two events ; it is a procedure in which a neutral stimulus is paired with a stimulus that elicits a reflex or other response until the neutral stimulus alone comes to [draw out/prompt] a similar response .

Once a conditioned response develops , stimuli that are similar but not identical to the conditioned stimulus are found to elicit a similar response .
once a conditioned response develops , stimuli that are similar but not identical to the conditioned stimulus are found to [draw out/prompt] a similar response .

He proved particulary adept at evading all attempts to elicit his views on the constitutionality of abortion .
he proved particulary adept at evading all attempts to [draw out/prompt] his views on the constitutionality of abortion .

Closed questions are sometimes perceived to be those which can only elicit a `` Yes `` or `` No `` response .
closed questions are sometimes perceived to be those which can only [draw out/prompt] a `` yes `` or `` no `` response .

Attlee during his Washington visit of 4 – 5 December 1950 had been able to elicit no more than a promise that Britain would be kept informed of any developments which might lead to the use of nuclear weapons .
attlee during his washington visit of 4 – 5 december 1950 had been able to [draw out/prompt] no more than a promise that britain would be kept informed of any developments which might lead to the use of nuclear weapons .

Whilst the purchaser may wish to elicit the vendors ' considered expectations before giving any indication , it is doubtful that much progress will be made in satisfying the above objectives without the purchaser giving a suitably caveated valuation range or at least an indication of the band of earnings multiples/net asset premiums it may be prepared to apply .
whilst the purchaser may wish to [draw out/prompt] the vendors ' considered expectations before giving any indication , it is doubtful that much progress will be made in satisfying the above objectives without the purchaser giving a suitably caveated valuation range or at least an indication of the band of earnings multiples/net asset premiums it may be prepared to apply .

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . As a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :
in this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . as a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to [draw out/prompt] general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :

We will develop a relationship with the short-listed purchasers , taking questions , determining their degree of interest and trying to elicit a ‘ ball-park ’ offer price .
we will develop a relationship with the short-listed purchasers , taking questions , determining their degree of interest and trying to [draw out/prompt] a ‘ ball-park ’ offer price .

The interviews aimed to elicit organizational stories from the respondents or accounts of critical incidents witnessed first-hand .
the interviews aimed to [draw out/prompt] organizational stories from the respondents or accounts of critical incidents witnessed first-hand .

The methodology employs a structured mail survey for four randomly sampled categories ( Clients , Sponsors , Informed Community Observers , Non-Users ) to elicit views on the performance of the Agency .
the methodology employs a structured mail survey for four randomly sampled categories ( clients , sponsors , informed community observers , non-users ) to [draw out/prompt] views on the performance of the agency .

Presumably he had used his wiles on the pretty blonde receptionist on duty to elicit this information , which would explain why he was here on the fifth-floor landing harassing her .
presumably he had used his wiles on the pretty blonde receptionist on duty to [draw out/prompt] this information , which would explain why he was here on the fifth-floor landing harassing her .

‘ Are you trying to elicit some sympathy ? ’ he enquired , smiling with quite amazing effect , so that Robyn felt her heart leap a mile . ‘ And from me ? ’
‘ are you trying to [draw out/prompt] some sympathy ? ’ he enquired , smiling with quite amazing effect , so that robyn felt her heart leap a mile . ‘ and from me ? ’

However , since there are only a few parties competing in the election and many different aspects of government on which they are offering a position , this can be only a very crude way to elicit people 's view of how much of any particular public good should be provided .
however , since there are only a few parties competing in the election and many different aspects of government on which they are offering a position , this can be only a very crude way to [draw out/prompt] people 's view of how much of any particular public good should be provided .

In practical terms this means that attempting to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .
in practical terms this means that attempting to [draw out/prompt] more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .

She would elicit from her colleagues at the Versorelli Institute the exact itinerary Kingdom had followed there in November .
she would [draw out/prompt] from her colleagues at the versorelli institute the exact itinerary kingdom had followed there in november .

He might be able to elicit information from the families which the policeman had missed ; but he had reckoned without the gulf between granting permission to interview , and the families ' readiness to talk .
he might be able to [draw out/prompt] information from the families which the policeman had missed ; but he had reckoned without the gulf between granting permission to interview , and the families ' readiness to talk .

How can anything which can elicit two such opposing but adamant replies be neutral ? Politics is about conflict and there was conflict here .
how can anything which can [draw out/prompt] two such opposing but adamant replies be neutral ? politics is about conflict and there was conflict here .

Judgments about this aspect might elicit bi-polar constructs such as ‘ masculine-feminine ’ , savagery-civilization ' , ‘ vertical-horizontal ’ , ‘ light-dark ’ , ‘ moving-still ’ .
judgments about this aspect might [draw out/prompt] bi-polar constructs such as ‘ masculine-feminine ’ , savagery-civilization ' , ‘ vertical-horizontal ’ , ‘ light-dark ’ , ‘ moving-still ’ .

Questionnaires depend on the use of some verbal stimuli — normally a question , but sometimes a statement expressing an attitude or an opinion — designed to elicit a verbal response which is recorded and subsequently analysed along with other responses from other interviewees .
questionnaires depend on the use of some verbal stimuli — normally a question , but sometimes a statement expressing an attitude or an opinion — designed to [draw out/prompt] a verbal response which is recorded and subsequently analysed along with other responses from other interviewees .

The early surveys sought factual information about people and tended to ask straightforward questions to elicit this information .
the early surveys sought factual information about people and tended to ask straightforward questions to [draw out/prompt] this information .

The less standardised section is used to elicit information more varied and qualitative in character .
the less standardised section is used to [draw out/prompt] information more varied and qualitative in character .

What information is the questionnaire intended to elicit from the respondent ?
what information is the questionnaire intended to [draw out/prompt] from the respondent ?

In the main , `` open-ended `` questions are best used , conventional wisdom argues , in exploratory surveys when a researcher needs to elicit the respondent 's frame of reference without undue constraint by the format of the question .
in the main , `` open-ended `` questions are best used , conventional wisdom argues , in exploratory surveys when a researcher needs to [draw out/prompt] the respondent 's frame of reference without undue constraint by the format of the question .

The incident first attracted national attention because it involved the Kennedy family , a subject which tended to elicit fiercely polarized views .
the incident first attracted national attention because it involved the kennedy family , a subject which tended to [draw out/prompt] fiercely polarized views .

President Gorbachev 's special envoy Yevgeny Primakov visited Iraq twice in October , but suggestions that he might elicit a change in the Iraqi stance proved unfounded .
president gorbachev 's special envoy yevgeny primakov visited iraq twice in october , but suggestions that he might [draw out/prompt] a change in the iraqi stance proved unfounded .

The effective teacher of history was the person who could elicit clearly the moral messages to be gleaned from studying the lives of the great and the good ; the age demanded that this should be interpreted mainly within an imperial context with the emphasis upon citizenship and service .
the effective teacher of history was the person who could [draw out/prompt] clearly the moral messages to be gleaned from studying the lives of the great and the good ; the age demanded that this should be interpreted mainly within an imperial context with the emphasis upon citizenship and service .

Other questions were designed to elicit information about extent of Creole use as perceived by the respondent .
other questions were designed to [draw out/prompt] information about extent of creole use as perceived by the respondent .

The London English sequence here is clearly set off from the rest of Brenda 's turn by its function , which is to elicit a `` lost `` piece of information .
the london english sequence here is clearly set off from the rest of brenda 's turn by its function , which is to [draw out/prompt] a `` lost `` piece of information .

What characterises these speaker-initiated insertion sequences , then , is that the London English part of the speaker 's turn is a sequence embedded in the turn but not part of the mainstream ; it does not necessarily start at a syntactic clause completion point ( for example ( 8 ) , where it begins after a subject pronoun ) and its purpose is to elicit information , or check on information to make it possible for the speaker to complete the current turn ( Sebba and Wootton 1984 : 4 ) .
what characterises these speaker-initiated insertion sequences , then , is that the london english part of the speaker 's turn is a sequence embedded in the turn but not part of the mainstream ; it does not necessarily start at a syntactic clause completion point ( for example ( 8 ) , where it begins after a subject pronoun ) and its purpose is to [draw out/prompt] information , or check on information to make it possible for the speaker to complete the current turn ( sebba and wootton 1984 : 4 ) .

Thus Barat and Haimet are nonplussed when they return in the dark of night , but Barat takes advantage of an absence of Travers to imitate his voice in the darkness and to elicit from Marie the secret of where the meat is .
thus barat and haimet are nonplussed when they return in the dark of night , but barat takes advantage of an absence of travers to imitate his voice in the darkness and to [draw out/prompt] from marie the secret of where the meat is .

And while conservative , `` Hanslickian `` , music might , at least in part , elicit such a response , the new music was likely to lead in the opposite direction .
and while conservative , `` hanslickian `` , music might , at least in part , [draw out/prompt] such a response , the new music was likely to lead in the opposite direction .

Drills which elicit repetition , substitution , and so on , but where it is possible to form sentences without understanding them .
drills which [draw out/prompt] repetition , substitution , and so on , but where it is possible to form sentences without understanding them .

To draw out , as elicit a response .
to draw out , as [draw out/prompt] a response .

At this point you should elicit related forms ; for example , the plurals of nouns in Arabic are not predictable , so it is useful to elicit the plural of every new noun learnt and to add it to the dictionary entry for that word .
at this point you should [draw out/prompt] related forms ; for example , the plurals of nouns in arabic are not predictable , so it is useful to [draw out/prompt] the plural of every new noun learnt and to add it to the dictionary entry for that word .

In a certain language your analysis might show you that there are , say , three basic stems for each verb ; once you have determined that , elicit all three stems of every new verb you collect .
in a certain language your analysis might show you that there are , say , three basic stems for each verb ; once you have determined that , [draw out/prompt] all three stems of every new verb you collect .

The main point is that all decisions should be designed to require only a `` yes `` and to elicit that `` yes `` .
the main point is that all decisions should be designed to require only a `` yes `` and to [draw out/prompt] that `` yes `` .

The colonic motor response to eating , characterised by both low amplitude , frequent , irregularly spaced contractions , and occasional high-amplitude propagated contractions , show that eating is one of the most physiological and powerful stimuli to elicit colonic motility .
the colonic motor response to eating , characterised by both low amplitude , frequent , irregularly spaced contractions , and occasional high-amplitude propagated contractions , show that eating is one of the most physiological and powerful stimuli to [draw out/prompt] colonic motility .

The classic example of an innate releasing mechanism is afforded by herring gull chicks , which peck at their parent 's bill to elicit food .
the classic example of an innate releasing mechanism is afforded by herring gull chicks , which peck at their parent 's bill to [draw out/prompt] food .

How can a sufficient number of specific stimuli arise during development to elicit different activities from cells ?
how can a sufficient number of specific stimuli arise during development to [draw out/prompt] different activities from cells ?

You will obviously elicit comments .
you will obviously [draw out/prompt] comments .

The Sikh pattern-cutter 's abdomen is examined with a distinctly shaky hand that tries to elicit the signs of a possible perforated ulcer as his family of six stare on with fixed incomprehension .
the sikh pattern-cutter 's abdomen is examined with a distinctly shaky hand that tries to [draw out/prompt] the signs of a possible perforated ulcer as his family of six stare on with fixed incomprehension .

Opposed bids now elicit the emotive vocabulary of combat .
opposed bids now [draw out/prompt] the emotive vocabulary of combat .

His last interview with a solicitor had been conducted in a language barely recognizable as English and it had taken over three hours and a reference to the Chief Constable to elicit the fact that the deceased had made a previous will in which the respective positions of his wife and his mistress had been exactly reversed .
his last interview with a solicitor had been conducted in a language barely recognizable as english and it had taken over three hours and a reference to the chief constable to [draw out/prompt] the fact that the deceased had made a previous will in which the respective positions of his wife and his mistress had been exactly reversed .

This case study by Davies and Ellison ( 1987 ) is based on a survey of all the secondary schools in Cheshire to elicit comments on their practice of capitation distribution .
this case study by davies and ellison ( 1987 ) is based on a survey of all the secondary schools in cheshire to [draw out/prompt] comments on their practice of capitation distribution .

if it requires a recall of emotion , it is often sufficient merely to switch on the emotion rather than elicit it ( as when you trip over the cat ! ) .
if it requires a recall of emotion , it is often sufficient merely to switch on the emotion rather than [draw out/prompt] it ( as when you trip over the cat ! ) .

That development entailed a recognition that the concentration upon language by the school of logical positivism , within which Ayer 's dismissal of religious belief emerged , might not so much show up the meaninglessness of theology as elicit its own particular logic Wittgenstein 's thought appears to show a progression from concentrating upon language in order to exclude certain forms of thought — as in Ayer 's exclusion of metaphysics — towards concentrating upon language in order to make sense of those different forms in a way that was sensitive to their particular nature .
that development entailed a recognition that the concentration upon language by the school of logical positivism , within which ayer 's dismissal of religious belief emerged , might not so much show up the meaninglessness of theology as [draw out/prompt] its own particular logic wittgenstein 's thought appears to show a progression from concentrating upon language in order to exclude certain forms of thought — as in ayer 's exclusion of metaphysics — towards concentrating upon language in order to make sense of those different forms in a way that was sensitive to their particular nature .

More centrally , in the cerebral cortex the afferent fibres from groups of receptors are ‘ wired together ’ so that more complexly patterned stimuli — such as edges or lines of a certain inclination — may preferentially elicit neural activity and the corresponding subjective experience .
more centrally , in the cerebral cortex the afferent fibres from groups of receptors are ‘ wired together ’ so that more complexly patterned stimuli — such as edges or lines of a certain inclination — may preferentially [draw out/prompt] neural activity and the corresponding subjective experience .

Survey questions pitched at a general level may elicit what respondents regard as socially approved values .
survey questions pitched at a general level may [draw out/prompt] what respondents regard as socially approved values .

This last question was designed to elicit comments , criticisms , suggestions for improvement , etc .
this last question was designed to [draw out/prompt] comments , criticisms , suggestions for improvement , etc .

Ludens knew that Marcus had spent part of his childhood in London but could elicit no information about this interesting period , except that his parents had had a flat in Knightsbridge .
ludens knew that marcus had spent part of his childhood in london but could [draw out/prompt] no information about this interesting period , except that his parents had had a flat in knightsbridge .

Careful questioning should elicit answers to four main points :
careful questioning should [draw out/prompt] answers to four main points :

Questions about Miss Lovich 's writing , however , elicit a modest response .
questions about miss lovich 's writing , however , [draw out/prompt] a modest response .

In seminar teaching it should elicit feedback , questioning , the bringing out of implications or contradictions , and the opening up of fresh aspects of the subject .
in seminar teaching it should [draw out/prompt] feedback , questioning , the bringing out of implications or contradictions , and the opening up of fresh aspects of the subject .

His sister Urraca , who was believed to harbour an elicit passion for Alfonso , raised a rebellion against Sancho .
his sister urraca , who was believed to harbour an [draw out/prompt] passion for alfonso , raised a rebellion against sancho .

Finally , it should be clear from the outset what sort of information the survey is designed to elicit .
finally , it should be clear from the outset what sort of information the survey is designed to [draw out/prompt] .

Whatever the type of interview the basic purpose is always the same : to elicit information from the interviewee .
whatever the type of interview the basic purpose is always the same : to [draw out/prompt] information from the interviewee .

’ can elicit some peculiar recipes .
’ can [draw out/prompt] some peculiar recipes .

It would be useful to compare our experiences and to elicit the types of situation when this phrase is used .
it would be useful to compare our experiences and to [draw out/prompt] the types of situation when this phrase is used .

Neither seemed able to elicit any information .
neither seemed able to [draw out/prompt] any information .

Some communications are obvious by their very nature or by the response which they elicit — the alarm calls of some creatures which other species automatically recognize , for instance .
some communications are obvious by their very nature or by the response which they [draw out/prompt] — the alarm calls of some creatures which other species automatically recognize , for instance .

In this chapter , data is presented from four of the questions , which elicit general perceptions of the economy and household finances .
in this chapter , data is presented from four of the questions , which [draw out/prompt] general perceptions of the economy and household finances .

To be sure , children who are relaxed , socially responsive , and able to deal with change are more likely to elicit the support of parents and other adults .
to be sure , children who are relaxed , socially responsive , and able to deal with change are more likely to [draw out/prompt] the support of parents and other adults .

Songs such as “ Ella ” ( Her ) , “ Camino de Guanajuato ” ( Road to Guanajuato ) , “ La Vida no Vale Nada ” ( Life Has No Value ) , and “ Llego Borracho el Borracho ” ( The Drunk Arrived Drunk ) all elicit memories of fathers , grandfathers , and stories of Mexico .
songs such as “ ella ” ( her ) , “ camino de guanajuato ” ( road to guanajuato ) , “ la vida no vale nada ” ( life has no value ) , and “ llego borracho el borracho ” ( the drunk arrived drunk ) all [draw out/prompt] memories of fathers , grandfathers , and stories of mexico .

Against this militancy , World War II did not elicit the solidarity of the first .
against this militancy , world war ii did not [draw out/prompt] the solidarity of the first .

Through the free hotline , which officially made its debut last week , Luu and other project employees calm anxious callers and even elicit laughs from those who do n't know where else to turn .
through the free hotline , which officially made its debut last week , luu and other project employees calm anxious callers and even [draw out/prompt] laughs from those who do n't know where else to turn .

The hotline staff can elicit information that would be difficult , if not impossible , in English .
the hotline staff can [draw out/prompt] information that would be difficult , if not impossible , in english .

These elements are ( 1 ) a demonstrated leadership commitment and accountability for change ; ( 2 ) the integration of management improvement initiatives into programmatic decisionmaking ; ( 3 ) thoughtful and rigorous planning to guide decisions , particularly to address human capital and information technology issues ; ( 4 ) employee involvement to elicit ideas and build commitment and accountability ; ( 5 ) organizational alignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability ; and ( 6 ) strong and continuing congressional involvement .
these elements are ( 1 ) a demonstrated leadership commitment and accountability for change ; ( 2 ) the integration of management improvement initiatives into programmatic decisionmaking ; ( 3 ) thoughtful and rigorous planning to guide decisions , particularly to address human capital and information technology issues ; ( 4 ) employee involvement to [draw out/prompt] ideas and build commitment and accountability ; ( 5 ) organizational alignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability ; and ( 6 ) strong and continuing congressional involvement .

Employee Involvement to Elicit Ideas and Build Commitment and Accountability materials , reach a wider audience , and provide its clients with information in a format that better meets their needs .
employee involvement to [draw out/prompt] ideas and build commitment and accountability materials , reach a wider audience , and provide its clients with information in a format that better meets their needs .

Nuclear-localized DCL3 acts with RDR2 to generate short RNAs that elicit DNA and histone modifications ; DCL2 produces short RNAs active in antiviral defense in the cytoplasm of cells .
nuclear-localized dcl3 acts with rdr2 to generate short rnas that [draw out/prompt] dna and histone modifications ; dcl2 produces short rnas active in antiviral defense in the cytoplasm of cells .

Just why high-density dots and lines elicit such powerful responses from our visual apparatus remains unexplained .
just why high-density dots and lines [draw out/prompt] such powerful responses from our visual apparatus remains unexplained .

If you stimulate that pathway , says Kinnamon , ‘ you should elicit the appropriate behavioural response without any input from other cell types ’ .
if you stimulate that pathway , says kinnamon , ‘ you should [draw out/prompt] the appropriate behavioural response without any input from other cell types ’ .

Peter Lee and colleagues used state-of-the art technology to dissect the endogenous immune response to vaccination with heteroclitic melanoma peptides , i.e. , melanoma-associated peptides that have been engineered to elicit a stronger immune response .
peter lee and colleagues used state-of-the art technology to dissect the endogenous immune response to vaccination with heteroclitic melanoma peptides , i.e. , melanoma-associated peptides that have been engineered to [draw out/prompt] a stronger immune response .

Drugs that elicit the gene expression changes that result from caloric restriction might , these workers assert , extend human life span by something approaching the same proportion as seen in rodents—20 % is often predicted—without impacting quality of life , and even when administered starting in middle age .
drugs that [draw out/prompt] the gene expression changes that result from caloric restriction might , these workers assert , extend human life span by something approaching the same proportion as seen in rodents—20 % is often predicted—without impacting quality of life , and even when administered starting in middle age .

With his gold chains and fur collars , Lefty is a howlingly tacky parody of a mobster , and Pacino uses all his blowhard insecurities , along with his patented air of electrified stupor , to elicit from us an astounding degree of sympathy .
with his gold chains and fur collars , lefty is a howlingly tacky parody of a mobster , and pacino uses all his blowhard insecurities , along with his patented air of electrified stupor , to [draw out/prompt] from us an astounding degree of sympathy .

Since it is now known that Tripp gave the Jones lawyers much of the information about Lewinsky they used to elicit Clinton 's problematic statements during his deposition , the LAT wonders : `` Did Starr help to pave the way for Clinton to commit the alleged perjury that his prosecutors then proceeded to investigate ? ''
since it is now known that tripp gave the jones lawyers much of the information about lewinsky they used to [draw out/prompt] clinton 's problematic statements during his deposition , the lat wonders : `` did starr help to pave the way for clinton to commit the alleged perjury that his prosecutors then proceeded to investigate ? ''

In most households , the suggestion that members of Congress are `` blue-collar people '' fighting to `` survive '' in `` the jaws of death '' is more likely to elicit contempt and derision than sympathy .
in most households , the suggestion that members of congress are `` blue-collar people '' fighting to `` survive '' in `` the jaws of death '' is more likely to [draw out/prompt] contempt and derision than sympathy .

There 's much to admire about Andrew Jackson , , but his brutal Florida campaign should elicit at least pause , if not apologies .
there 's much to admire about andrew jackson , , but his brutal florida campaign should [draw out/prompt] at least pause , if not apologies .

The newer ballets do not elicit that response .
the newer ballets do not [draw out/prompt] that response .

The key elements are , says the author , that China does n't normally pay an agent for information , request the provision of classified documents , use intelligence officers to elicit information , or engage in clandestine activity in the United States .
the key elements are , says the author , that china does n't normally pay an agent for information , request the provision of classified documents , use intelligence officers to [draw out/prompt] information , or engage in clandestine activity in the united states .

This was interpreted by one analyst as a gesture intended to elicit a settlement .
this was interpreted by one analyst as a gesture intended to [draw out/prompt] a settlement .

When asked later whether his question was designed to embarrass Jackson rather than elicit information , Will argued , `` That 's information , too . ''
when asked later whether his question was designed to embarrass jackson rather than [draw out/prompt] information , will argued , `` that 's information , too . ''

The inherent problem with Cold War brinkmanship , as the Harvard theorist Thomas C. Schelling has noted , is that it could elicit concessions only if one 's opponent did n't know exactly where the brink was .
the inherent problem with cold war brinkmanship , as the harvard theorist thomas c. schelling has noted , is that it could [draw out/prompt] concessions only if one 's opponent did n't know exactly where the brink was .

Nothing novel about the advertising techniques here : They 're put to effective use , and are unlikely to offend in this era of peace and plenty , where the political battles in Washington seem so completely irrelevant that pollsters are hard pressed to elicit strong reactions from their public .
nothing novel about the advertising techniques here : they 're put to effective use , and are unlikely to offend in this era of peace and plenty , where the political battles in washington seem so completely irrelevant that pollsters are hard pressed to [draw out/prompt] strong reactions from their public .

After saying `` we learn nothing '' from current Darwinian theorizing about any `` darkness '' in human nature , he continues , `` At the very most , biology might help us to delimit the environmental circumstances that tend to elicit one behavior rather than the other . ''
after saying `` we learn nothing '' from current darwinian theorizing about any `` darkness '' in human nature , he continues , `` at the very most , biology might help us to delimit the environmental circumstances that tend to [draw out/prompt] one behavior rather than the other . ''

That 's not an appetizing image , but I 'm preparing you for Ravenous , the cannibal saga I predict will elicit the most derisive reviews of any film this year .
that 's not an appetizing image , but i 'm preparing you for ravenous , the cannibal saga i predict will [draw out/prompt] the most derisive reviews of any film this year .

You would only elicit sympathy if the deck stacked against you had caused you to fold your hand .
you would only [draw out/prompt] sympathy if the deck stacked against you had caused you to fold your hand .

Legal questions are also raised by allegations that the administration granted access to the White House to elicit donations .
legal questions are also raised by allegations that the administration granted access to the white house to [draw out/prompt] donations .

There 's lots of noble praise for the civil society movement wrapped around a series of small , feel-good ideas that elicit warm and pleasant-feeling grunts of approval .
there 's lots of noble praise for the civil society movement wrapped around a series of small , feel-good ideas that [draw out/prompt] warm and pleasant-feeling grunts of approval .

Other terms that elicit laughter are lower on the pecking order because , although they may display quick thinking , they may lack the tight framework .
other terms that [draw out/prompt] laughter are lower on the pecking order because , although they may display quick thinking , they may lack the tight framework .

Such an imperative might elicit the response Which bolt ?
such an imperative might [draw out/prompt] the response which bolt ?

