# add: clear up

One obvious approach to elucidate the function of DNA-PK-mediated phosphorylation will be to define sites of phosphorylation on transcription factors and determine whether mutation of these sites affects factor activity .
one obvious approach to [explain] the function of dna-pk-mediated phosphorylation will be to define sites of phosphorylation on transcription factors and determine whether mutation of these sites affects factor activity .

‘ This conversation is unbelievable , elucidate . ’
‘ this conversation is unbelievable , [explain] . ’

One of the reasons for studying miocenia gravis , where the disease processes are beginning to be understood more clearly , is the hope that this might elucidate diseases that are presently more obscure , like multiple sclerosis .
one of the reasons for studying miocenia gravis , where the disease processes are beginning to be understood more clearly , is the hope that this might [explain] diseases that are presently more obscure , like multiple sclerosis .

Are there any common themes running through their lives and writings that can elucidate our understanding both of creativity and psychosis ?
are there any common themes running through their lives and writings that can [explain] our understanding both of creativity and psychosis ?

It was left to Coleridge to schematize and to elucidate , to pilot through the new philosophy into the minds of the next generation .
it was left to coleridge to schematize and to [explain] , to pilot through the new philosophy into the minds of the next generation .

‘ Language as the origin of history ’ : on what basis does Derrida make the startling and radical claim that writing as transcendence constitutes the condition of all historicity ? In order to try to elucidate this controversial argument , we can return to the well-known remark in the essay ‘ Différance ’ :
‘ language as the origin of history ’ : on what basis does derrida make the startling and radical claim that writing as transcendence constitutes the condition of all historicity ? in order to try to [explain] this controversial argument , we can return to the well-known remark in the essay ‘ différance ’ :

Perhaps the most obvious course is to elucidate the strategies of classes by appealing to the constraints under which they labour .
perhaps the most obvious course is to [explain] the strategies of classes by appealing to the constraints under which they labour .

Observation of the parent-child feeding style and parental attitude should elucidate the particular nutritional problem that the child is showing .
observation of the parent-child feeding style and parental attitude should [explain] the particular nutritional problem that the child is showing .

The task of the professional at this stage is to elucidate these behaviours .
the task of the professional at this stage is to [explain] these behaviours .

This issue is of importance for two reasons : firstly , whose meaning is the analysis meant to elucidate ?
this issue is of importance for two reasons : firstly , whose meaning is the analysis meant to [explain] ?

To elucidate molecular changes preceding the morphological abnormalities , in situ hybridizations were done on tissue sections of injected embryos at 14h of development .
to [explain] molecular changes preceding the morphological abnormalities , in situ hybridizations were done on tissue sections of injected embryos at 14h of development .

It took her no more than four minutes to elucidate what kind of work he did in his lodgings .
it took her no more than four minutes to [explain] what kind of work he did in his lodgings .

, but there is no space to elucidate them here ( the glossary at the end of the book will help with many terms ) .
, but there is no space to [explain] them here ( the glossary at the end of the book will help with many terms ) .

With these exhortations in mind let us now turn to examples of anthropologists trying to elucidate the meaning of exotic symbols .
with these exhortations in mind let us now turn to examples of anthropologists trying to [explain] the meaning of exotic symbols .

Those giving papers were asked to emphasize humans as meaning-makers , rather than humans as biological primates , and to elucidate from their own ethnographic experience the indigenous meanings of concepts relevant for an understanding of human interpersonal and , wherever applicable , intersocietal relations .
those giving papers were asked to emphasize humans as meaning-makers , rather than humans as biological primates , and to [explain] from their own ethnographic experience the indigenous meanings of concepts relevant for an understanding of human interpersonal and , wherever applicable , intersocietal relations .

First , how conflict permeates and shapes human interaction and social organization , and second , how the idea of conflict helps elucidate the genesis , escalation , de-escalation , and consequences of combat , violent confrontation , wars , etc .
first , how conflict permeates and shapes human interaction and social organization , and second , how the idea of conflict helps [explain] the genesis , escalation , de-escalation , and consequences of combat , violent confrontation , wars , etc .

This analysis does much to elucidate what is often dismissed as Nkrumah 's plunge into Communist ( or was it Fascist ? )
this analysis does much to [explain] what is often dismissed as nkrumah 's plunge into communist ( or was it fascist ? )

However , such a decision on its own would hardly further the present aim of seeking to elucidate underlying issues .
however , such a decision on its own would hardly further the present aim of seeking to [explain] underlying issues .

He formulated the notion to elucidate the particular problem of how scientific ideas become represented in popular consciousness .
he formulated the notion to [explain] the particular problem of how scientific ideas become represented in popular consciousness .

Studies of cognition which seek to elucidate the nature or that cultural order which we might impose upon or recognize in the world may well be concerned with the classification of objects , but they generally fail to acknowledge , let alone address , the difference between artefacts such as cutlery which already incorporate categorization in their manufac-turer , and objects such as trees which do not ( e.g .
studies of cognition which seek to [explain] the nature or that cultural order which we might impose upon or recognize in the world may well be concerned with the classification of objects , but they generally fail to acknowledge , let alone address , the difference between artefacts such as cutlery which already incorporate categorization in their manufac-turer , and objects such as trees which do not ( e.g .

The dates of outlying farmsteads elucidate the uneven process of the development of enclosure landscapes .
the dates of outlying farmsteads [explain] the uneven process of the development of enclosure landscapes .

The Financial Secretary was then asked to elucidate the impact of this on airline employees . At column 930 , he is reported as saying :
the financial secretary was then asked to [explain] the impact of this on airline employees . at column 930 , he is reported as saying :

Numerous inquiries were made of the Financial Secretary to elucidate the resulting effect of the Bill on in-house benefits , i.e .
numerous inquiries were made of the financial secretary to [explain] the resulting effect of the bill on in-house benefits , i.e .

Once the Government announced its intention to withdraw clause 54 ( 4 ) a number of Members were anxious to elucidate what effect this would have on classes of taxpayers who enjoyed in-house benefits : concessionary transport for railwaymen , airline employees and merchant seamen ; concessionary accommodation for hotel employees ; concessionary education for the children of teachers .
once the government announced its intention to withdraw clause 54 ( 4 ) a number of members were anxious to [explain] what effect this would have on classes of taxpayers who enjoyed in-house benefits : concessionary transport for railwaymen , airline employees and merchant seamen ; concessionary accommodation for hotel employees ; concessionary education for the children of teachers .

This conclusion , in order to create a single comprehensive offence in place of larceny , embezzlement and fraudulent conversion , makes ‘ appropriation ’ ( the treating of ‘ tuum ’ as ‘ meum ’ ) the key element in place of taking , and it is the activity expressed by the word ‘ appropriation ’ which dispenses with the need for the phrase ‘ without the consent of the owner , ’ which preceded the words ‘ takes and carries away ’ in the old definition of larceny in section 1(1) of the Act of 1916 . The opening lines of paragraph 34 further elucidate the committee 's thinking :
this conclusion , in order to create a single comprehensive offence in place of larceny , embezzlement and fraudulent conversion , makes ‘ appropriation ’ ( the treating of ‘ tuum ’ as ‘ meum ’ ) the key element in place of taking , and it is the activity expressed by the word ‘ appropriation ’ which dispenses with the need for the phrase ‘ without the consent of the owner , ’ which preceded the words ‘ takes and carries away ’ in the old definition of larceny in section 1(1) of the act of 1916 . the opening lines of paragraph 34 further [explain] the committee 's thinking :

In the second belong a number of ‘ neo-populist ’ social historians whose primary concern has been to elucidate the distinctive structure and culture of the traditional peasant family farm .
in the second belong a number of ‘ neo-populist ’ social historians whose primary concern has been to [explain] the distinctive structure and culture of the traditional peasant family farm .

In The Sociology of Public Administration the author developed a typology of local government styles to try to elucidate different characteristics of politician/official relationships in different political situations .
in the sociology of public administration the author developed a typology of local government styles to try to [explain] different characteristics of politician/official relationships in different political situations .

Mitochondrial biochemistry and bioenergetics studies in the mutant strain should elucidate this question .
mitochondrial biochemistry and bioenergetics studies in the mutant strain should [explain] this question .

’ Further research , therefore , is required ‘ to elucidate the reasons for these differences .
’ further research , therefore , is required ‘ to [explain] the reasons for these differences .

Risch has shown how the pattern of recurrence risks in various classes of relatives can elucidate the mode of inheritance of a trait .
risch has shown how the pattern of recurrence risks in various classes of relatives can [explain] the mode of inheritance of a trait .

The objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that Soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many French intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing Nizan 's communist novels .
the objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to [explain] the undoubted attraction that soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many french intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing nizan 's communist novels .

Before examining the practice of Nizan 's creative writing in detail , however , it is appropriate to elucidate the general theoretical approach informing this practice , the manner , in short , in which Nizan responded to the general debate on socialist realism when formulating his own highly individual theory of revolutionary literature .
before examining the practice of nizan 's creative writing in detail , however , it is appropriate to [explain] the general theoretical approach informing this practice , the manner , in short , in which nizan responded to the general debate on socialist realism when formulating his own highly individual theory of revolutionary literature .

To understand the full significance of Nizan 's communist novels , it is consequently necessary to elucidate the precise nature of Nizan 's theory of revolutionary literature .
to understand the full significance of nizan 's communist novels , it is consequently necessary to [explain] the precise nature of nizan 's theory of revolutionary literature .

This training was to elucidate the objectives of the study , to familiarise interviewers with the questionnaire , and to prepare them for conducting interviews on intimate and possibly sensitive questions .
this training was to [explain] the objectives of the study , to familiarise interviewers with the questionnaire , and to prepare them for conducting interviews on intimate and possibly sensitive questions .

The main thesis of the existentialist approach is that in order to elucidate the full significance of ontological claims conveyed by existential propositions we ought to begin by focusing attention upon the one for whom the `` problem of existence `` presents itself in the first instance as a problem of his own existence .
the main thesis of the existentialist approach is that in order to [explain] the full significance of ontological claims conveyed by existential propositions we ought to begin by focusing attention upon the one for whom the `` problem of existence `` presents itself in the first instance as a problem of his own existence .

It can also elucidate some of the vaguer notions of pragmatic theory .
it can also [explain] some of the vaguer notions of pragmatic theory .

The female ‘ imaginary ’ which is often counterposed to the phallic code of the symbolic , belongs in history and culture as closely as the law of the father , and it has been the self-elected quest of women 's art to elucidate the character of that interaction , participation and combination .
the female ‘ imaginary ’ which is often counterposed to the phallic code of the symbolic , belongs in history and culture as closely as the law of the father , and it has been the self-elected quest of women 's art to [explain] the character of that interaction , participation and combination .

Note the lack of direct empirical support and the abstract character of the argument ; Shils himself admits to his approach being ‘ tentative and provisional … an attempt to elucidate things … of great importance but which are very obscure ’ .
note the lack of direct empirical support and the abstract character of the argument ; shils himself admits to his approach being ‘ tentative and provisional … an attempt to [explain] things … of great importance but which are very obscure ’ .

But many biologists took it for granted that the main purpose of evolutionism was to elucidate the precise course of life 's development from its earliest origins .
but many biologists took it for granted that the main purpose of evolutionism was to [explain] the precise course of life 's development from its earliest origins .

It is of equal interest to compare the cratering on different planets to elucidate the nature of the small bodies that have caused the cratering .
it is of equal interest to compare the cratering on different planets to [explain] the nature of the small bodies that have caused the cratering .

If the national court dealing with a question of Community law finds it particularly difficult , it always has the possibility of referring the matter to the European Court for a preliminary ruling to elucidate the matter .
if the national court dealing with a question of community law finds it particularly difficult , it always has the possibility of referring the matter to the european court for a preliminary ruling to [explain] the matter .

Geoffrey Leech has used the Gricean Co-operative Principle and his own politeness maxims ( Leech 1983 ) as an insight into the characters and relationships in Shaw 's You Never Can Tell ( Leech 1992 ) , and Mick Short ( 1989 ) has used discourse analysis to elucidate the role-reversal in Pinter 's short sketch , `` Trouble in the Works `` .
geoffrey leech has used the gricean co-operative principle and his own politeness maxims ( leech 1983 ) as an insight into the characters and relationships in shaw 's you never can tell ( leech 1992 ) , and mick short ( 1989 ) has used discourse analysis to [explain] the role-reversal in pinter 's short sketch , `` trouble in the works `` .

Before we take on staff and work out our programme we must elucidate what seem to be the key concepts in my instructions to date : ‘ pitch ’ , ‘ goal ’ , and ‘ quality of life ’ .
before we take on staff and work out our programme we must [explain] what seem to be the key concepts in my instructions to date : ‘ pitch ’ , ‘ goal ’ , and ‘ quality of life ’ .

Unlike the United States Supreme Court , which can delve deep into the deliberations of the Founding Fathers to try to elucidate what was meant by a particular provision of the Constitution , British courts are not permitted to look at the proceedings of Parliament in order to determine what Parliament really meant .
unlike the united states supreme court , which can delve deep into the deliberations of the founding fathers to try to [explain] what was meant by a particular provision of the constitution , british courts are not permitted to look at the proceedings of parliament in order to determine what parliament really meant .

Although he describes religion as the `` incarnation `` of a culture he does not fully elucidate the point — at this level of abstraction , elucidation is perhaps impossible — but goes on to discuss the relation of politics and education to this larger whole .
although he describes religion as the `` incarnation `` of a culture he does not fully [explain] the point — at this level of abstraction , elucidation is perhaps impossible — but goes on to discuss the relation of politics and education to this larger whole .

Rehearsals started on 27 July , and Martin Browne had taken the precaution of advising the cast not to ask the author to elucidate any of the dialogue ; one actress disregarded the advice and asked Eliot what one of her lines meant . ``
rehearsals started on 27 july , and martin browne had taken the precaution of advising the cast not to ask the author to [explain] any of the dialogue ; one actress disregarded the advice and asked eliot what one of her lines meant . ``

It is one thing to speak of involving the student , `` teaching concepts rather than facts `` , `` practising skills `` and all the other catch phrases of educational discourse ; it is quite another thing to put them into practice , to find out how to involve the student , to elucidate which concepts are of most importance and which facts are necessary to their understanding , and particularly to distinguish which are the key skills and how they are to be most usefully practised with these students in this situation .
it is one thing to speak of involving the student , `` teaching concepts rather than facts `` , `` practising skills `` and all the other catch phrases of educational discourse ; it is quite another thing to put them into practice , to find out how to involve the student , to [explain] which concepts are of most importance and which facts are necessary to their understanding , and particularly to distinguish which are the key skills and how they are to be most usefully practised with these students in this situation .

It is , therefore , worth calling the attention of villa excavators to these possibilities with the hope that they will eventually produce more and better evidence which will help to elucidate changes in this period .
it is , therefore , worth calling the attention of villa excavators to these possibilities with the hope that they will eventually produce more and better evidence which will help to [explain] changes in this period .

Family health service authorities should identify important areas where current knowledge provides an inadequate rationale for the accepted practice and commission research to elucidate it .
family health service authorities should identify important areas where current knowledge provides an inadequate rationale for the accepted practice and commission research to [explain] it .

brief discussions with individual pupils to elucidate their responses to specific teaching points
brief discussions with individual pupils to [explain] their responses to specific teaching points

The idea , of course is not to elucidate dependent conditionals by relating them to causal statements and the like , but to do just the opposite .
the idea , of course is not to [explain] dependent conditionals by relating them to causal statements and the like , but to do just the opposite .

The sociologist may supply information , elucidate the context of problems , point to causes or conditions , indicate the advantages and costs of alternative courses of action … .
the sociologist may supply information , [explain] the context of problems , point to causes or conditions , indicate the advantages and costs of alternative courses of action … .

In commenting critically on the proposed text of the Restatement , cited above , the Solicitor General stressed the strong policy of the United States procedural rules to secure efficient and effective discovery in all cases ; declared foreign reliance on judicial sovereignty to have an abstract quality , which did not elucidate substantive foreign interests , and which needed to be evaluated in the light of the established American principle that its courts could require foreign nationals to produce evidence located abroad ; and urged that objections based on a blocking statute should be greeted with caution and scepticism in any proper comity analysis .
in commenting critically on the proposed text of the restatement , cited above , the solicitor general stressed the strong policy of the united states procedural rules to secure efficient and effective discovery in all cases ; declared foreign reliance on judicial sovereignty to have an abstract quality , which did not [explain] substantive foreign interests , and which needed to be evaluated in the light of the established american principle that its courts could require foreign nationals to produce evidence located abroad ; and urged that objections based on a blocking statute should be greeted with caution and scepticism in any proper comity analysis .

Generation of platelet activating factor by intestinal mucosal epithelial cells and lamina propria mononuclear cells was evaluated to elucidate the possible role of this mediator in the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease .
generation of platelet activating factor by intestinal mucosal epithelial cells and lamina propria mononuclear cells was evaluated to [explain] the possible role of this mediator in the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease .

, Future studies in this area will help to elucidate these relationships more precisely .
, future studies in this area will help to [explain] these relationships more precisely .

The physician must establish a sympathetic rapport with the patient to help elucidate possible causes and contributing factors .
the physician must establish a sympathetic rapport with the patient to help [explain] possible causes and contributing factors .

The question of which type of cell is most likely to give the desired result remains unanswered , but work such as theirs will help to elucidate this matter .
the question of which type of cell is most likely to give the desired result remains unanswered , but work such as theirs will help to [explain] this matter .

The central objectives are to establish how Britain 's productivity compares with that of other advanced countries , to elucidate the factors contributing to the differences and to examine policy implications .
the central objectives are to establish how britain 's productivity compares with that of other advanced countries , to [explain] the factors contributing to the differences and to examine policy implications .

An important objective of the Centre will be to elucidate these relationships .
an important objective of the centre will be to [explain] these relationships .

The aim is to elucidate some of the methods by which entrepreneurial decisions are reached and entrepreneurial activities carried out on a day to day basis .
the aim is to [explain] some of the methods by which entrepreneurial decisions are reached and entrepreneurial activities carried out on a day to day basis .

Occupational , family and residential histories over a twenty-year period will elucidate and Aberdonians ' relationship to and experience of the oil industry across generations .
occupational , family and residential histories over a twenty-year period will [explain] and aberdonians ' relationship to and experience of the oil industry across generations .

The complex sequence of sites in the Ilchester area raises several possibilities for early urban development , all involving a complicated interplay between military and civilian populations ; much more work is vital to elucidate this .
the complex sequence of sites in the ilchester area raises several possibilities for early urban development , all involving a complicated interplay between military and civilian populations ; much more work is vital to [explain] this .

Resolution of such issues requires much more detailed demographic and environmental data , to elucidate the dynamic processes whereby climate interacts with national wealth and human development .
resolution of such issues requires much more detailed demographic and environmental data , to [explain] the dynamic processes whereby climate interacts with national wealth and human development .

In addition to identification , the technique has been used to elucidate certain aspects of polymer microstructure , such as branching , crystallinity , tacticity , and cis-trans isomerism .
in addition to identification , the technique has been used to [explain] certain aspects of polymer microstructure , such as branching , crystallinity , tacticity , and cis-trans isomerism .

We look to price theory to elucidate the nature of the mutual influence exercised by decisions so that we may understand how changes in these decisions , or in the data which underlie them , systematically set in motion further alterations elsewhere in the market .
we look to price theory to [explain] the nature of the mutual influence exercised by decisions so that we may understand how changes in these decisions , or in the data which underlie them , systematically set in motion further alterations elsewhere in the market .

The doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of attaining them , and outline alternative forms of society .
the doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can [explain] the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of attaining them , and outline alternative forms of society .

To ensure that his sovereign 's dignity was not slighted by any infringement of the precedence claimed by his representatives continued to be one of the major tasks of the European diplomat ; and the continuing importance of questions of precedence is shown by the continuing production of books which claimed to elucidate them .
to ensure that his sovereign 's dignity was not slighted by any infringement of the precedence claimed by his representatives continued to be one of the major tasks of the european diplomat ; and the continuing importance of questions of precedence is shown by the continuing production of books which claimed to [explain] them .

There are formidable difficulties in trying to elucidate the situation .
there are formidable difficulties in trying to [explain] the situation .

Ulceration occurs because of an imbalance between agressive and defensive forces within the duodenum and an attempt has been made to elucidate the pathomechanism of this ulder by determining acid and pepsin secretion .
ulceration occurs because of an imbalance between agressive and defensive forces within the duodenum and an attempt has been made to [explain] the pathomechanism of this ulder by determining acid and pepsin secretion .

The aims of the study were to find out if chemiluminescence is raised in the colonic mucosa of patients with ulcerative colitis and correlates with disease activity , and to elucidate the sources of the chemiluminescence .
the aims of the study were to find out if chemiluminescence is raised in the colonic mucosa of patients with ulcerative colitis and correlates with disease activity , and to [explain] the sources of the chemiluminescence .

Furthermore , study of the immunologial characteristics of gall bladder and biliary epithelial cells should help elucidate the pathogenesis of biliary tree disorders .
furthermore , study of the immunologial characteristics of gall bladder and biliary epithelial cells should help [explain] the pathogenesis of biliary tree disorders .

The aim of this study is to elucidate the effect of endothelin-1 on the tissue type plasminogen activator activation followed by mucosal damage in the rat stomach .
the aim of this study is to [explain] the effect of endothelin-1 on the tissue type plasminogen activator activation followed by mucosal damage in the rat stomach .

This technique has been utilised successfully in adults to elucidate the pathophysiology of constipation , diarrhoea , and as a clinical test to determine the severity of colonic motility disorder in symptomatic patients .
this technique has been utilised successfully in adults to [explain] the pathophysiology of constipation , diarrhoea , and as a clinical test to determine the severity of colonic motility disorder in symptomatic patients .

One reason why ants are so sophisticated is because of their complex language of chemical communication , which Dr Wilson has done more than anyone to elucidate .
one reason why ants are so sophisticated is because of their complex language of chemical communication , which dr wilson has done more than anyone to [explain] .

But the structure and functioning of grinding or chewing teeth in other mammals , in which opposing teeth co-operate in action , and which can be matched in extinct , unrelated mammals , is a much more subtle matter , involving detailed studies on the operation of living dental systems to help elucidate the functioning of fossil ones .
but the structure and functioning of grinding or chewing teeth in other mammals , in which opposing teeth co-operate in action , and which can be matched in extinct , unrelated mammals , is a much more subtle matter , involving detailed studies on the operation of living dental systems to help [explain] the functioning of fossil ones .

We can use the methods described above to elucidate some of these occupations , and get a glimpse , albeit an imperfect one , of the trilobite as it lived .
we can use the methods described above to [explain] some of these occupations , and get a glimpse , albeit an imperfect one , of the trilobite as it lived .

An art historian may choose to elucidate the social context of the art , or trace its sources in the work of other artists ; these choices will be reflected in the illustrations as well as the text , while sketches , other versions of pictures and related material will be available for the reader to make comparisons .
an art historian may choose to [explain] the social context of the art , or trace its sources in the work of other artists ; these choices will be reflected in the illustrations as well as the text , while sketches , other versions of pictures and related material will be available for the reader to make comparisons .

What private letters from an artist can do best is to elucidate what was uppermost in an artist 's mind at the time , often artistic aims which would be difficult to discover otherwise .
what private letters from an artist can do best is to [explain] what was uppermost in an artist 's mind at the time , often artistic aims which would be difficult to discover otherwise .

There is no reason why a lyricist should elucidate but in Gedge 's case the lack of chimera can make surveying his words an unrewarding exercise .
there is no reason why a lyricist should [explain] but in gedge 's case the lack of chimera can make surveying his words an unrewarding exercise .

Clarity appears in those self-directed exhortations of the novelist to elucidate Raskolnikov 's motive for murder .
clarity appears in those self-directed exhortations of the novelist to [explain] raskolnikov 's motive for murder .

The first of these revelations which elucidate nothing is introduced as ‘ completely unthinkable but from another point of view and in one respect all too easy to envisage ’ .
the first of these revelations which [explain] nothing is introduced as ‘ completely unthinkable but from another point of view and in one respect all too easy to envisage ’ .

Lord Justice Salmon tried to elucidate the sort of tendencies that might be caught , such as ‘ ( 1 ) to induce erotic desires of a heterosexual kind , or ( 2 ) to promote homosexuality or other sexual perversions , or ( 3 ) drug-taking , or ( 4 ) brutal violence ’ .
lord justice salmon tried to [explain] the sort of tendencies that might be caught , such as ‘ ( 1 ) to induce erotic desires of a heterosexual kind , or ( 2 ) to promote homosexuality or other sexual perversions , or ( 3 ) drug-taking , or ( 4 ) brutal violence ’ .

Let me elucidate .
let me [explain] .

It is interpretation carried out within an existing legal framework : where a trust has actually been set up by a settlor , and it is a matter for the jurist to interpret or elucidate details .
it is interpretation carried out within an existing legal framework : where a trust has actually been set up by a settlor , and it is a matter for the jurist to interpret or [explain] details .

The chemistry behind the formation of zeolites is still not clearly understood as Barrer shows , but he goes on to elucidate the physical processes of nucleation and crystal growth .
the chemistry behind the formation of zeolites is still not clearly understood as barrer shows , but he goes on to [explain] the physical processes of nucleation and crystal growth .

He accumulated information on a variety of devices from different sources , including claimed contact with people from beyond this planet , and was able to elucidate certain basic principles , including the use of ‘ free energy ’ , no moving parts and the importance of shape , number and materials to proper functioning .
he accumulated information on a variety of devices from different sources , including claimed contact with people from beyond this planet , and was able to [explain] certain basic principles , including the use of ‘ free energy ’ , no moving parts and the importance of shape , number and materials to proper functioning .

In the hands of this artist , this transcription sounds as it surely was intended — as Busoni 's ‘ eighth elegy ’ , complete with delicate bell-like arpeggios , subtle sequential off-shoots , and a thickening of textures which help elucidate the Schoenbergian language .
in the hands of this artist , this transcription sounds as it surely was intended — as busoni 's ‘ eighth elegy ’ , complete with delicate bell-like arpeggios , subtle sequential off-shoots , and a thickening of textures which help [explain] the schoenbergian language .

However , to elucidate the differences between them and to indicate the potential for increased co-operation and co-ordination it is useful to define these terms which are often used imprecisely and interchangeably .
however , to [explain] the differences between them and to indicate the potential for increased co-operation and co-ordination it is useful to define these terms which are often used imprecisely and interchangeably .

These studies revealed that reaction time alone was not sufficient to elucidate the exact processes by which the brain achieved the human ability to process information .
these studies revealed that reaction time alone was not sufficient to [explain] the exact processes by which the brain achieved the human ability to process information .

To elucidate the mechanisms underlying RA-induced expression of markers like FoxA3 and Pdx1 , we examined Hh signaling during IPC development .
to [explain] the mechanisms underlying ra-induced expression of markers like foxa3 and pdx1 , we examined hh signaling during ipc development .

Further experimentation may elucidate the basis for these differences , revealing the extent of neural progenitor cell development toward an endocrine cell fate .
further experimentation may [explain] the basis for these differences , revealing the extent of neural progenitor cell development toward an endocrine cell fate .

To elucidate the molecular mechanisms underlying phytohormone action , several researchers have utilized the genetically facile model plant Arabidopsis thaliana to isolate mutations that confer altered response to applied hormone .
to [explain] the molecular mechanisms underlying phytohormone action , several researchers have utilized the genetically facile model plant arabidopsis thaliana to isolate mutations that confer altered response to applied hormone .

Several recent findings have begun to elucidate the molecular details of some of these events .
several recent findings have begun to [explain] the molecular details of some of these events .

Susumu Ohno was the first to comprehensively elucidate the potential of gene duplication , in his book Evolution by Gene Duplication , published more than 30 years ago ( Ohno 1970 ) .
susumu ohno was the first to comprehensively [explain] the potential of gene duplication , in his book evolution by gene duplication , published more than 30 years ago ( ohno 1970 ) .

While we acknowledge that our practice pattern is by no means a standard-of-care requirement , we feel it is a reasonable approach to this dilemma until larger , prospective observational studies have been conducted to better elucidate the natural history of these high-risk pregnancies and to better answer the question of when the ideal gestational age is to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins .
while we acknowledge that our practice pattern is by no means a standard-of-care requirement , we feel it is a reasonable approach to this dilemma until larger , prospective observational studies have been conducted to better [explain] the natural history of these high-risk pregnancies and to better answer the question of when the ideal gestational age is to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins .

This diversity ( greater than for the comparable cases of mammalian placentas and flowering-plant endosperms ) means there is a huge scope for comparative ecological and genetic studies that could help elucidate general principles .
this diversity ( greater than for the comparable cases of mammalian placentas and flowering-plant endosperms ) means there is a huge scope for comparative ecological and genetic studies that could help [explain] general principles .

Because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .
because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to [explain] the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .

Even a biography as well-wrought as this one does little to elucidate artistic inspiration .
even a biography as well-wrought as this one does little to [explain] artistic inspiration .

It tells the public that all politicians ever do is quarrel -- without doing much to elucidate what , if anything , they might be fighting about .
it tells the public that all politicians ever do is quarrel -- without doing much to [explain] what , if anything , they might be fighting about .

Work in this area might help elucidate the process by which aging occurs and yield a way to reset the clocks in some of our own cells , allowing us to regenerate .
work in this area might help [explain] the process by which aging occurs and yield a way to reset the clocks in some of our own cells , allowing us to regenerate .

There is much that is tantalizingly unclear about the Chambers-Hiss case , mysteries I would have expected a biographer of Chambers to elucidate .
there is much that is tantalizingly unclear about the chambers-hiss case , mysteries i would have expected a biographer of chambers to [explain] .

Let me see if I can elucidate :
let me see if i can [explain] :

Then , the monumentally unsuccessful definition , with a bizarre failure to elucidate -- ignotum per ignotius , explaining the unknown by means of the incomprehensible :
then , the monumentally unsuccessful definition , with a bizarre failure to [explain] -- ignotum per ignotius , explaining the unknown by means of the incomprehensible :

It has been a commonplace of language studies to explore signs and use them to elucidate the phenomena of elevation and degradation in the language .
it has been a commonplace of language studies to explore signs and use them to [explain] the phenomena of elevation and degradation in the language .

