Here , he is , quite persuasively , the very embodiment of meanness and slyness .
here , he is , quite persuasively , the very [representation] of meanness and slyness .

Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment .
toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social [representation] .

Local embodiment of the whole
local [representation] of the whole

Yet the truth , according to the New Testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place .
yet the truth , according to the new testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the [representation] of the whole church in that particular place .

By virtue of his self-reliance , his individualism and his freedom from external restraint , the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost .
by virtue of his self-reliance , his individualism and his freedom from external restraint , the private eye is a perfect [representation] of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost .

In its dynamic form , it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race , for instance , which unfolds in history .
in its dynamic form , it visualizes the community as the [representation] of an ontological force -- the race , for instance , which unfolds in history .

and the author , who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action .
and the author , who seemed the [representation] of france's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action .

When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .
when combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose [representation] pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .

In a real sense they are admittedly conservative , but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized embodiment of the original `` radicalism '' of 1776 .
in a real sense they are admittedly conservative , but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized [representation] of the original `` radicalism '' of 1776 .

They were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought .
they were all shouting at her as if she were the [representation] of the evil she brought .

So Rose , a smooth-talking and mirth-making ringmaster who seems a wired embodiment of every snake oil shyster and showman there ever was , pulls the strings and baits the crowd .
so rose , a smooth-talking and mirth-making ringmaster who seems a wired [representation] of every snake oil shyster and showman there ever was , pulls the strings and baits the crowd .

To the sacked Timex workers , many of them middle-aged women with long years of service , he was the embodiment of Thatcherite management at its rawest .
to the sacked timex workers , many of them middle-aged women with long years of service , he was the [representation] of thatcherite management at its rawest .

The little cavalryman , embodiment of all the ancient martial instincts and panache of the race , had taken up the German gauntlet .
the little cavalryman , [representation] of all the ancient martial instincts and panache of the race , had taken up the german gauntlet .

The stone referred to here is clearly a symbol of God rather than an embodiment of God , but at the same time it has an element of sacredness , which is what Gandhi may be implying when he maintains that God resides in the stone in a special way .
the stone referred to here is clearly a symbol of god rather than an [representation] of god , but at the same time it has an element of sacredness , which is what gandhi may be implying when he maintains that god resides in the stone in a special way .

The way Love was originally sold — as the teen-prostitute-victim embodiment of her songs — was certainly questionable , but it caught the imagination of boy writers everywhere .
the way love was originally sold — as the teen-prostitute-victim [representation] of her songs — was certainly questionable , but it caught the imagination of boy writers everywhere .

One hit of ‘ String Me ’ or the overflowing ‘ My Morning Song ’ will prove that the band 's new testament is the gospel truth and the embodiment of this crazy little thing called rock ' n'roll .
one hit of ‘ string me ’ or the overflowing ‘ my morning song ’ will prove that the band 's new testament is the gospel truth and the [representation] of this crazy little thing called rock ' n'roll .

At these times , when the dreams of the new church being the embodiment of close affection one to another have disintegrated , members are tempted to ask : Why do n't we give up ? Is this quest for deeper relationship and trust fruitless ?
at these times , when the dreams of the new church being the [representation] of close affection one to another have disintegrated , members are tempted to ask : why do n't we give up ? is this quest for deeper relationship and trust fruitless ?

The very embodiment of the adventurous spirit , Dr. Earle is committed to preserving the seas and ardent in her defence of marine life .
the very [representation] of the adventurous spirit , dr. earle is committed to preserving the seas and ardent in her defence of marine life .

John Wayne somehow survived being christened Marion to become the living embodiment of How The West Was Won
john wayne somehow survived being christened marion to become the living [representation] of how the west was won

The relevance of this can be seen by considering the present religious force in Western culture , namely a humanism which finds its embodiment in liberalism .
the relevance of this can be seen by considering the present religious force in western culture , namely a humanism which finds its [representation] in liberalism .

She loved Sharpe , yet she saw in her lover the embodiment of those ghouls who had been used to scare her into childhood obedience .
she loved sharpe , yet she saw in her lover the [representation] of those ghouls who had been used to scare her into childhood obedience .

Women often become the embodiment of both the interesting and the insoluble questions in these areas .
women often become the [representation] of both the interesting and the insoluble questions in these areas .

Where woman-centred feminists address class specifically , they often equate femaleness with an oppressed biological ‘ sex class ’ , set up working-class women as the embodiment of this class , and finger middle-class women as sell-outs to the male sex class .
where woman-centred feminists address class specifically , they often equate femaleness with an oppressed biological ‘ sex class ’ , set up working-class women as the [representation] of this class , and finger middle-class women as sell-outs to the male sex class .

the technological controls appear to be the very embodiment of Reason for the benefit of all social groups and interests — to such an extent that all contradiction seems irrational and all counteraction impossible .
the technological controls appear to be the very [representation] of reason for the benefit of all social groups and interests — to such an extent that all contradiction seems irrational and all counteraction impossible .

It is ‘ the men ’ who act as a body , and the actual organizer is recognized only as the symbolic embodiment of ‘ the men ’ , and is in no way superior or qualitatively different from ‘ the men ’ ‘
it is ‘ the men ’ who act as a body , and the actual organizer is recognized only as the symbolic [representation] of ‘ the men ’ , and is in no way superior or qualitatively different from ‘ the men ’ ‘

One day , a woman turned up who must have seemed the very embodiment of that nature he was tussling with daily .
one day , a woman turned up who must have seemed the very [representation] of that nature he was tussling with daily .

To use Greenwood and Young 's terminology , it was the ‘ ghettoisation ’ of one class of women , a reiteration of the division between ‘ normal ’ and ‘ deviant ’ and the embodiment of this division in an Act of Parliament .
to use greenwood and young 's terminology , it was the ‘ ghettoisation ’ of one class of women , a reiteration of the division between ‘ normal ’ and ‘ deviant ’ and the [representation] of this division in an act of parliament .

In the previous chapter ( p.41 ) it was argued that this was the period when a major ideological stress of antislavery was its embodiment of the national interest across class and denomination , and such meetings offered dramatic demonstration of aristocratic support ( the Duke of Bedford at Woburn ) , ‘ the elite of the town , churchmen and dissenters ’ ( at Dunstable ) and caught up audiences , already stirred by ‘ an intensity of feeling on the fate of the Reform Bill ’ , into an almost equally excited interest in emancipation .
in the previous chapter ( p.41 ) it was argued that this was the period when a major ideological stress of antislavery was its [representation] of the national interest across class and denomination , and such meetings offered dramatic demonstration of aristocratic support ( the duke of bedford at woburn ) , ‘ the elite of the town , churchmen and dissenters ’ ( at dunstable ) and caught up audiences , already stirred by ‘ an intensity of feeling on the fate of the reform bill ’ , into an almost equally excited interest in emancipation .

So far as his own understanding of Jesus himself was concerned , however , Baur resembled Biedermann : Jesus was the exemplary embodiment of an ‘ idea ’ .
so far as his own understanding of jesus himself was concerned , however , baur resembled biedermann : jesus was the exemplary [representation] of an ‘ idea ’ .

However , Hope , by that time , clearly regarded himself as the embodiment of blacks ' ambitions .
however , hope , by that time , clearly regarded himself as the [representation] of blacks ' ambitions .

The very embodiment of horror and evil , he was slain by a Vampire and a humble mortal man possessed by a force anything but mortal in a way still sung of by minstrels and extolled by poets and playwrights .
the very [representation] of horror and evil , he was slain by a vampire and a humble mortal man possessed by a force anything but mortal in a way still sung of by minstrels and extolled by poets and playwrights .

General , later Field Marshal , Sir Herbert Plumer ( 1857–1932 ) was the embodiment of the traditional virtues of the British soldier .
general , later field marshal , sir herbert plumer ( 1857–1932 ) was the [representation] of the traditional virtues of the british soldier .

Hitler 's Germany in particular was an embodiment of the dark side of the Enlightenment : a regime of science , efficiency and power without morality .
hitler 's germany in particular was an [representation] of the dark side of the enlightenment : a regime of science , efficiency and power without morality .

Thus in his embodiment of the Kingdom Jesus confronts demonic powers which openly manifest their opposition .
thus in his [representation] of the kingdom jesus confronts demonic powers which openly manifest their opposition .

He made it plain that it was the collective wisdom of the party , as the embodiment of the revolutionary consciousness of the class , which provided the best guide to appropriate practice .
he made it plain that it was the collective wisdom of the party , as the [representation] of the revolutionary consciousness of the class , which provided the best guide to appropriate practice .

Hence as the enemy of society the witch comes to be viewed as the embodiment of all those dark forces which threaten cooperation , group cohesion , and the entire moral order .
hence as the enemy of society the witch comes to be viewed as the [representation] of all those dark forces which threaten cooperation , group cohesion , and the entire moral order .

By the mid-eighteenth century there were powerful complaints against their authority , both in general social terms and because of their embodiment of ‘ academicism ’ in art : the teaching of principles and rules which , it was argued , worked against the practice of original art .
by the mid-eighteenth century there were powerful complaints against their authority , both in general social terms and because of their [representation] of ‘ academicism ’ in art : the teaching of principles and rules which , it was argued , worked against the practice of original art .

Physics was regarded as an infinite subject ; it was the embodiment of a search for the ‘ truths ’ of the universe , which although progressive — i.e .
physics was regarded as an infinite subject ; it was the [representation] of a search for the ‘ truths ’ of the universe , which although progressive — i.e .

Like absolute knowledge , operational thought is conceived of as representing the final balance between the processes of externalization ( assimilation as projection ) and embodiment ( accommodation as introjection ) , which have been held in asymmetrical relations in all previous stages .
like absolute knowledge , operational thought is conceived of as representing the final balance between the processes of externalization ( assimilation as projection ) and [representation] ( accommodation as introjection ) , which have been held in asymmetrical relations in all previous stages .

Here , then , manufacture as technology involving materials with certain properties becomes an integral part of the emergence of culture incorporating the visual embodiment of the nature and legitimacy of a certain social order , which in turn forms part of an encompassing ontology ( Goldman 1975 : chapter nine ) .
here , then , manufacture as technology involving materials with certain properties becomes an integral part of the emergence of culture incorporating the visual [representation] of the nature and legitimacy of a certain social order , which in turn forms part of an encompassing ontology ( goldman 1975 : chapter nine ) .

This embodiment of utility and technological rationality in the object as modernist form may be a powerful example of the much more general tendency towards the legitimizing role being played by technological rationality in the modern world ( e.g .
this [representation] of utility and technological rationality in the object as modernist form may be a powerful example of the much more general tendency towards the legitimizing role being played by technological rationality in the modern world ( e.g .

Tambiah ( 1984 ) has recently described an example of the transformation from one form of embodiment to another in Thailand , where buddhist amulets objectifying the charisma of forest saints are exploited by certain individuals as a means of gaining material advantage in their business dealings in the city .
tambiah ( 1984 ) has recently described an example of the transformation from one form of [representation] to another in thailand , where buddhist amulets objectifying the charisma of forest saints are exploited by certain individuals as a means of gaining material advantage in their business dealings in the city .

The views of Rome as they travel about by car are the objective form of their longings , before their more practical embodiment in such continental charmers as Rossano Brazzi and Louis Jourdan .
the views of rome as they travel about by car are the objective form of their longings , before their more practical [representation] in such continental charmers as rossano brazzi and louis jourdan .

When he was World Champion in sports cars , driving Jaguars for Walkinshaw , Brundle was the soul and embodiment of unostentation , a steady King 's Lynn lad who dutifully wore the team 's Silk Cut blazer and a squaddie ' short back and sides when he was appearing on team duty .
when he was world champion in sports cars , driving jaguars for walkinshaw , brundle was the soul and [representation] of unostentation , a steady king 's lynn lad who dutifully wore the team 's silk cut blazer and a squaddie ' short back and sides when he was appearing on team duty .

Here , the metaphorical relationship of skin and painted surface is complete and the female nude becomes an embodiment of the act of painting itself .
here , the metaphorical relationship of skin and painted surface is complete and the female nude becomes an [representation] of the act of painting itself .

Garrard 's recent work ‘ Blue Construction : Given ’ ( 1992 ) again is a paraphrase and re-statement of the earlier sculpture and forms of vital crossing point physically and referentially between Bates 's pristine marble figure of the kneeling girl as an embodiment of the generic feminine and Pandora located ‘ in the frame of human culture ’ .
garrard 's recent work ‘ blue construction : given ’ ( 1992 ) again is a paraphrase and re-statement of the earlier sculpture and forms of vital crossing point physically and referentially between bates 's pristine marble figure of the kneeling girl as an [representation] of the generic feminine and pandora located ‘ in the frame of human culture ’ .

In the cameo the Greek craftsman and his Roman colleague expressed in miniature the ideal forms which in marble sculpture serve for many as the material embodiment of the Graeco-Roman genius .
in the cameo the greek craftsman and his roman colleague expressed in miniature the ideal forms which in marble sculpture serve for many as the material [representation] of the graeco-roman genius .

It constituted the institutional embodiment of proletarian unity and class consciousness .
it constituted the institutional [representation] of proletarian unity and class consciousness .

The legendary Marko is an embodiment of all that the Serbs wanted to believe of themselves — his heroism , his gentleness , his respect for the religious and social customs of his people , his ‘ machismo ’ , even his cruelty , but above all his fierce opposition to the Turks and his intense national pride .
the legendary marko is an [representation] of all that the serbs wanted to believe of themselves — his heroism , his gentleness , his respect for the religious and social customs of his people , his ‘ machismo ’ , even his cruelty , but above all his fierce opposition to the turks and his intense national pride .

Until noon he stayed out of the cottage , walking across the Northumbrian moors with a knob-headed stick and humming Anglican hymns , whose verbal schemes he admired for their metrical embodiment of depression .
until noon he stayed out of the cottage , walking across the northumbrian moors with a knob-headed stick and humming anglican hymns , whose verbal schemes he admired for their metrical [representation] of depression .

Meanings are functions of words ; they are not some ghostly essences , capable of subsisting independently of their phenomenal embodiment .
meanings are functions of words ; they are not some ghostly essences , capable of subsisting independently of their phenomenal [representation] .

De Gaulle saw himself , like Joan of Arc or Georges Clemenceau before him , as the embodiment of that eternal , spiritual France , who would save the country from its humiliation .
de gaulle saw himself , like joan of arc or georges clemenceau before him , as the [representation] of that eternal , spiritual france , who would save the country from its humiliation .

Her eyes , despite her years , still held their fire and , though her figure had thickened somewhat , to Katherine 's young eyes she seemed the very embodiment of the word regal .
her eyes , despite her years , still held their fire and , though her figure had thickened somewhat , to katherine 's young eyes she seemed the very [representation] of the word regal .

She was the very embodiment of his desire for the unknown , the unknowable , the other .
she was the very [representation] of his desire for the unknown , the unknowable , the other .

The Human League 's snappy pop songs , drum machines and synthesisers were the embodiment of ‘ electro-pop ’ , the new teenage esperanto ; while Collins ' sleek , craftsmanlike records were the perfect palliative for an older generation of listeners , turned off by punk rock , whose interest in pop music would be rekindled by the coming phenomenon of the compact disc .
the human league 's snappy pop songs , drum machines and synthesisers were the [representation] of ‘ electro-pop ’ , the new teenage esperanto ; while collins ' sleek , craftsmanlike records were the perfect palliative for an older generation of listeners , turned off by punk rock , whose interest in pop music would be rekindled by the coming phenomenon of the compact disc .

By the time of the New Testament Epistles , on the other hand , the Spirit is the fully personal embodiment of the Godhead .
by the time of the new testament epistles , on the other hand , the spirit is the fully personal [representation] of the godhead .

They reckoned that they had already entered into their reign with Christ : they were already rich already filled with the powers of the Age to Come ( 1 Cor 4:8 ) Paul comes down immediately like a ton of bricks on this attitude which regards the Spirit as a medium of religious experience or an embodiment of supernatural power , rather than as the vocation to and equipment for the role of the Servant .
they reckoned that they had already entered into their reign with christ : they were already rich already filled with the powers of the age to come ( 1 cor 4:8 ) paul comes down immediately like a ton of bricks on this attitude which regards the spirit as a medium of religious experience or an [representation] of supernatural power , rather than as the vocation to and equipment for the role of the servant .

Back in 1977 , they became the living embodiment of everything that was wrong with rock ' n'roll .
back in 1977 , they became the living [representation] of everything that was wrong with rock ' n'roll .

‘ With him are the Twelve Lords of Evil — each one the embodiment of the world 's great wickednesses .
‘ with him are the twelve lords of evil — each one the [representation] of the world 's great wickednesses .

To see him as the embodiment of irrationality is to be certain of our own rational cause and motives .
to see him as the [representation] of irrationality is to be certain of our own rational cause and motives .

The linguistic expression of ethnic identity ; language as the embodiment of a culture .
the linguistic expression of ethnic identity ; language as the [representation] of a culture .

But if , without derogation of the Divine power , we may conceive the existence of such ministers , and personify them by the term ‘ Nature ’ , we learn from the past history of our globe that she has advanced with slow and stately steps , guided by the archetypical light , amidst the wreck of worlds , from the first embodiment of the Vertebrate idea under its Ichthyic [ fish-like ] vestment , until it became arrayed in the glorious garb of the human form .
but if , without derogation of the divine power , we may conceive the existence of such ministers , and personify them by the term ‘ nature ’ , we learn from the past history of our globe that she has advanced with slow and stately steps , guided by the archetypical light , amidst the wreck of worlds , from the first [representation] of the vertebrate idea under its ichthyic [ fish-like ] vestment , until it became arrayed in the glorious garb of the human form .

We are seeing , in this development , none other than a new embodiment of the idea of an academic community , and one that is at the heart of the higher education enterprise .
we are seeing , in this development , none other than a new [representation] of the idea of an academic community , and one that is at the heart of the higher education enterprise .

This was the heyday of the ‘ Birmingham caucus ’ and to its detractors Schnadhorst , with his Teutonic name and ‘ spectacled , sallow , sombre ’ features , was the perfect embodiment of its sinister power .
this was the heyday of the ‘ birmingham caucus ’ and to its detractors schnadhorst , with his teutonic name and ‘ spectacled , sallow , sombre ’ features , was the perfect [representation] of its sinister power .

In September 1890 Ellis 's declaration at Bala on behalf of a Welsh legislative assembly made a strong , though transient , impression : he seemed the very embodiment of ‘ Young Wales ’ .
in september 1890 ellis 's declaration at bala on behalf of a welsh legislative assembly made a strong , though transient , impression : he seemed the very [representation] of ‘ young wales ’ .

Her determination sometimes degenerated into obstinacy , but her gentle wit and bright eyes softened the impact , and she came to seem the embodiment of practical Christianity .
her determination sometimes degenerated into obstinacy , but her gentle wit and bright eyes softened the impact , and she came to seem the [representation] of practical christianity .

His student family , the men and women who were the living embodiment of his dream .
his student family , the men and women who were the living [representation] of his dream .

The meeting was historic in its establishment of the basic conditions for the creation of the ‘ Freie Bühne ’ , which itself was the institutional embodiment of modern theatre in Berlin , or , in Zivier 's words , ‘ der Ausgangpunkt aller späteren deutschen Theater-Erneuerungen ’ .
the meeting was historic in its establishment of the basic conditions for the creation of the ‘ freie bühne ’ , which itself was the institutional [representation] of modern theatre in berlin , or , in zivier 's words , ‘ der ausgangpunkt aller späteren deutschen theater-erneuerungen ’ .

As the embodiment of a higher law , it thus not only needs to be distinguished from ordinary law but also needs to be protected from the passing whims of politicians — hence the introduction of extraordinary procedures for its amendment .
as the [representation] of a higher law , it thus not only needs to be distinguished from ordinary law but also needs to be protected from the passing whims of politicians — hence the introduction of extraordinary procedures for its amendment .

No formal , authoritative documents set forth these rules , and they find no embodiment in statute law .
no formal , authoritative documents set forth these rules , and they find no [representation] in statute law .

Like this it is at once a moment of knowledge ( `` to understand reality is to see and understand things in their connectedness and their interpretation , one to the other `` ) and moment of praxis ( synthesis ) whose material embodiment is the process of modelling ( forming : here both in terms of cognitive modelling , including the modeling of meaning and the extension of this modelling , with all its reciprocal interactions ) .
like this it is at once a moment of knowledge ( `` to understand reality is to see and understand things in their connectedness and their interpretation , one to the other `` ) and moment of praxis ( synthesis ) whose material [representation] is the process of modelling ( forming : here both in terms of cognitive modelling , including the modeling of meaning and the extension of this modelling , with all its reciprocal interactions ) .

Essex loves the Queen since she is the embodiment of England .
essex loves the queen since she is the [representation] of england .

There is Totes not far away on the Dieppe road , and the famous old Hotel des Cygnes where Guy de Maupassant wrote Boule de Suif and where the proprietor appears the very embodiment of Norman robustness .
there is totes not far away on the dieppe road , and the famous old hotel des cygnes where guy de maupassant wrote boule de suif and where the proprietor appears the very [representation] of norman robustness .

There has been a strong movement in favour of delegalization and privatization of family and personal matters ; but when moral panic breaks out law continues to be invoked as ‘ binding on everyone in society , whatever their beliefs … the embodiment of a common moral position ’ , despite the recognition that ‘ in our pluralistic society it is not to be expected that any one set of principles can be enunciated to be completely accepted by everyone .
there has been a strong movement in favour of delegalization and privatization of family and personal matters ; but when moral panic breaks out law continues to be invoked as ‘ binding on everyone in society , whatever their beliefs … the [representation] of a common moral position ’ , despite the recognition that ‘ in our pluralistic society it is not to be expected that any one set of principles can be enunciated to be completely accepted by everyone .

It forms an appropriate conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its embodiment of the principle that what was good for Gloucester was good for royal authority .
it forms an appropriate conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its [representation] of the principle that what was good for gloucester was good for royal authority .

Since the Meiji period the farming community had been trumpeted as the guardian of the so-called ‘ traditional ’ Japanese virtues , the embodiment of all that was best in the Japanese family system .
since the meiji period the farming community had been trumpeted as the guardian of the so-called ‘ traditional ’ japanese virtues , the [representation] of all that was best in the japanese family system .

The next four instruments depend for their efficacy upon incorporation into contracts , though a codification of custom and usage could perhaps be relied on as the best evidence of custom and usage and as such be imported by implication into a contract , whilst the adoption of general contractual conditions is not the exclusive prerogative of private parties but can also be achieved by embodiment in bilateral or multilateral Conventions implemented by dispositive legislation in the various participating States .
the next four instruments depend for their efficacy upon incorporation into contracts , though a codification of custom and usage could perhaps be relied on as the best evidence of custom and usage and as such be imported by implication into a contract , whilst the adoption of general contractual conditions is not the exclusive prerogative of private parties but can also be achieved by [representation] in bilateral or multilateral conventions implemented by dispositive legislation in the various participating states .

The Party must be the institutional embodiment of Marxism .
the party must be the institutional [representation] of marxism .

It was the concrete embodiment of the principle of popular sovereignty : not the people choosing a government once every four or five or seven years , but the people continuously governing themselves from month to month and year to year .
it was the concrete [representation] of the principle of popular sovereignty : not the people choosing a government once every four or five or seven years , but the people continuously governing themselves from month to month and year to year .

Various subtitles in the sketches for his Violin Concerto point to the embodiment of a ‘ soul ’ therein — ‘ The wandering of a soul ’ reads one .
various subtitles in the sketches for his violin concerto point to the [representation] of a ‘ soul ’ therein — ‘ the wandering of a soul ’ reads one .

Though he continued to profess his patriotism as an Englishman and refuted the suggestion that he wanted to imitate Hitler , it was in Germany alone that his hope seemed capable of embodiment .
though he continued to profess his patriotism as an englishman and refuted the suggestion that he wanted to imitate hitler , it was in germany alone that his hope seemed capable of [representation] .

Immaculately attired and unfailingly polite , he is the embodiment of the successful Ugandan Asian businessman .
immaculately attired and unfailingly polite , he is the [representation] of the successful ugandan asian businessman .

He was an embodiment of God 's divine plan for the people as a whole .
he was an [representation] of god 's divine plan for the people as a whole .

In relation to Jesus , popular tradition has imposed upon him one of the oldest and most archetypal of functions — that of the eternal adversary , the dark opposite , the embodiment of all the vices and iniquities that the hero is not .
in relation to jesus , popular tradition has imposed upon him one of the oldest and most archetypal of functions — that of the eternal adversary , the dark opposite , the [representation] of all the vices and iniquities that the hero is not .

If Jesus , in later Christian culture , becomes synonymous with God , Judas — dragging ‘ the Jews ’ in general with him — becomes the very embodiment of God 's adversary .
if jesus , in later christian culture , becomes synonymous with god , judas — dragging ‘ the jews ’ in general with him — becomes the very [representation] of god 's adversary .

Indeed , a large part of his public life and known history would seem to be little more than an embodiment and re-enactment of the prophecies .
indeed , a large part of his public life and known history would seem to be little more than an [representation] and re-enactment of the prophecies .

Rider Haggard offered this strange combination of a Gibson Girl and an embodiment of ancient divinity as the nucleus of adventure stones in his characteristic mixture of vigorous narrative and personal philosophy but his portrait of a distant ideal , strongly affected by his own reticences and sublimations and those of his time , is hard to take seriously today .
rider haggard offered this strange combination of a gibson girl and an [representation] of ancient divinity as the nucleus of adventure stones in his characteristic mixture of vigorous narrative and personal philosophy but his portrait of a distant ideal , strongly affected by his own reticences and sublimations and those of his time , is hard to take seriously today .

Descartes , effecting a split between rational consciousness and sensual embodiment , offered an account of the mind-body relationship which accepted the traditional hierarchy according to which reason governs the body or the senses .
descartes , effecting a split between rational consciousness and sensual [representation] , offered an account of the mind-body relationship which accepted the traditional hierarchy according to which reason governs the body or the senses .

Later comes a stage of respect for justice : recognition of the importance of rules for community living , followed by an awareness of the universality of some of these rules and their embodiment in principles of individual human rights applying across varying cultures and societies .
later comes a stage of respect for justice : recognition of the importance of rules for community living , followed by an awareness of the universality of some of these rules and their [representation] in principles of individual human rights applying across varying cultures and societies .

The institution of conscience was at bottom an embodiment first of parental criticism and subsequently that of society … .
the institution of conscience was at bottom an [representation] first of parental criticism and subsequently that of society … .

In the race this is the original social and psychological trauma which makes civilized society possible and which produces as its embodiment totemic religion .
in the race this is the original social and psychological trauma which makes civilized society possible and which produces as its [representation] totemic religion .

Because the father is the model for the superego and the actual embodiment of authority and the demands of the cultural prohibitions against incest and parricide within the individual 's own family , it is perhaps not surprising that the antagonism towards him and what he stands for need not be limited to such self-evidently anti-social and aggressive tendencies as those revealed in the statistics of crime and violence .
because the father is the model for the superego and the actual [representation] of authority and the demands of the cultural prohibitions against incest and parricide within the individual 's own family , it is perhaps not surprising that the antagonism towards him and what he stands for need not be limited to such self-evidently anti-social and aggressive tendencies as those revealed in the statistics of crime and violence .

It forms an appropriate conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its embodiment of the principle that what was good for Gloucester was good for royal authority .
it forms an appropriate conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its [representation] of the principle that what was good for gloucester was good for royal authority .

Back in 1977 , they became the living embodiment of everything that was wrong with rock ' n'roll .
back in 1977 , they became the living [representation] of everything that was wrong with rock ' n'roll .

She was like an embodiment of the Conventional Rules of Duty .
she was like an [representation] of the conventional rules of duty .

It is questionable that she believed women to be intellectually deficient and her only interest in masculinity in ‘ The Zone of Hate ’ is negative but women for her are symbolically the embodiment of love .
it is questionable that she believed women to be intellectually deficient and her only interest in masculinity in ‘ the zone of hate ’ is negative but women for her are symbolically the [representation] of love .

Women are not only the embodiment of heavenly qualities but can also aspire t find and occupy a heavenly space .
women are not only the [representation] of heavenly qualities but can also aspire t find and occupy a heavenly space .

Women portrayed as the embodiment of all that is spiritually good are essentially muses .
women portrayed as the [representation] of all that is spiritually good are essentially muses .

But most important of all it would be the business embodiment of the Youth Revolution which the Beatles helped kick into gear .
but most important of all it would be the business [representation] of the youth revolution which the beatles helped kick into gear .

At the end of Shakespearean Negotiations in concluding a discussion of The Tempest , Greenblatt tells a story to exemplify ‘ the continued doubleness of Shakespeare in our culture : at once the embodiment of civilised recreation … and the instrument of empire ’ .
at the end of shakespearean negotiations in concluding a discussion of the tempest , greenblatt tells a story to exemplify ‘ the continued doubleness of shakespeare in our culture : at once the [representation] of civilised recreation … and the instrument of empire ’ .

Markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents determine allocation and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .
markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents determine allocation and distribution ; government is the prime [representation] of collective choice .

It is rather more doubtful whether there has been any substantial revision of the opposed theory , of the state as a welfare system and an authentic embodiment of the ‘ general will ’ , in order to take account of real inequalities of political power or the existence , throughout history , of evidently repressive regimes .
it is rather more doubtful whether there has been any substantial revision of the opposed theory , of the state as a welfare system and an authentic [representation] of the ‘ general will ’ , in order to take account of real inequalities of political power or the existence , throughout history , of evidently repressive regimes .

They were the supreme embodiment of sovereignty ; the army owed obedience to them personally ; the debts of the State were their personal debts ; they could override or anticipate the decisions of any court of law .
they were the supreme [representation] of sovereignty ; the army owed obedience to them personally ; the debts of the state were their personal debts ; they could override or anticipate the decisions of any court of law .

no more than the embodiment of administrative arrangements which would give order to a confused system and some of which had been recommended and accepted as desirable during the previous two decades .
no more than the [representation] of administrative arrangements which would give order to a confused system and some of which had been recommended and accepted as desirable during the previous two decades .

Some go so far , though this is an excessive claim , as to argue that variable analysis is the embodiment of the scientific method , while more , if less fulsomely , do make strong claims for it as the epitome of objective , rigorous empirical social research against which all others are to be judged .
some go so far , though this is an excessive claim , as to argue that variable analysis is the [representation] of the scientific method , while more , if less fulsomely , do make strong claims for it as the epitome of objective , rigorous empirical social research against which all others are to be judged .

The experiment was regarded as the embodiment of that method .
the experiment was regarded as the [representation] of that method .

The Guardian of April 3 reported that over the preceding months Treuhand had become the `` focus of growing public anger `` and was viewed as the `` embodiment of eastern Germany 's economic misery `` .
the guardian of april 3 reported that over the preceding months treuhand had become the `` focus of growing public anger `` and was viewed as the `` [representation] of eastern germany 's economic misery `` .

In ancient Greece , Winckelmann saw the embodiment of an ideal : an ideal of visual beauty and , more particularly , of a whole mode of life dominated by visual beauty .
in ancient greece , winckelmann saw the [representation] of an ideal : an ideal of visual beauty and , more particularly , of a whole mode of life dominated by visual beauty .

His description of the group culminates in the famous formulation of the `` perfect law of art `` of which it is said to be the embodiment :
his description of the group culminates in the famous formulation of the `` perfect law of art `` of which it is said to be the [representation] :

Euripides , the intellectual Euripides , was the `` poet of Socratic rationalism `` and tragedy did not simply die after him : it was `` Socratism `` in its Euripidean embodiment that killed it , although this destructive tendency preceded Socrates himself and affected even Sophocles .
euripides , the intellectual euripides , was the `` poet of socratic rationalism `` and tragedy did not simply die after him : it was `` socratism `` in its euripidean [representation] that killed it , although this destructive tendency preceded socrates himself and affected even sophocles .

The microwave , says the Journal , is ‘ the embodiment of Eighties-style individualism , turning each family member into a chef .
the microwave , says the journal , is ‘ the [representation] of eighties-style individualism , turning each family member into a chef .

As head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .
as head of this [representation] of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .

For most of the remainder , Hitler stood for at least some things they admired , and for many had become the symbol and embodiment of the national revival which the Third Reich had in many respects been perceived to accomplish .
for most of the remainder , hitler stood for at least some things they admired , and for many had become the symbol and [representation] of the national revival which the third reich had in many respects been perceived to accomplish .

Not detailed plans of a Party programme , but his role as the embodiment of a cosmic struggle against irreconcilable internal and external enemies of immense power and magnitude ultimately bound the Party faithful to Hitler .
not detailed plans of a party programme , but his role as the [representation] of a cosmic struggle against irreconcilable internal and external enemies of immense power and magnitude ultimately bound the party faithful to hitler .

After 1933 , too , the ferocious personal enmities and political conflicts within the Nazi élite , which otherwise would have torn the system apart , were resolved only in Hitler 's own charismatic authority — in his indisputable position as the base of Nazism 's popular legitimacy and the embodiment of Nazism 's ‘ idea ’ .
after 1933 , too , the ferocious personal enmities and political conflicts within the nazi élite , which otherwise would have torn the system apart , were resolved only in hitler 's own charismatic authority — in his indisputable position as the base of nazism 's popular legitimacy and the [representation] of nazism 's ‘ idea ’ .

portraits such as this are intended to be the embodiment of a political ideal rather than a realistic likeness ( though in some cases , such as that of Nero , they might be both ) .
portraits such as this are intended to be the [representation] of a political ideal rather than a realistic likeness ( though in some cases , such as that of nero , they might be both ) .

Mr Nicholas Soames , 44 , appointed Parliamentary Secretary Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheriers and Food , is the embodiment of good lunching and banter with friend and foe alike in the Commons .
mr nicholas soames , 44 , appointed parliamentary secretary ministry of agriculture , fisheriers and food , is the [representation] of good lunching and banter with friend and foe alike in the commons .

In America he seemed the embodiment of the new age , ‘ the Bolshevik pianist ’ who played as if he had ‘ steel fingers , steel biceps , steel triceps ’ .
in america he seemed the [representation] of the new age , ‘ the bolshevik pianist ’ who played as if he had ‘ steel fingers , steel biceps , steel triceps ’ .

The embodiment of the new Europe is often said to be Mikhail Gorbachev .
the [representation] of the new europe is often said to be mikhail gorbachev .

The Vth Republic is the embodiment of the second of two choices which French constitutions have made : on the one hand , an emphasis upon government accountable to France 's traditionally very fragmented and non-consensual society , at the expense of ‘ order and future goals ’ ; and on the other , an emphasis on order and future goals at the expense of parliamentary representation and accountability .
the vth republic is the [representation] of the second of two choices which french constitutions have made : on the one hand , an emphasis upon government accountable to france 's traditionally very fragmented and non-consensual society , at the expense of ‘ order and future goals ’ ; and on the other , an emphasis on order and future goals at the expense of parliamentary representation and accountability .

It burned and raged through her like a fever , until she began to imagine that she was no longer herself , no longer human at all , but the heart of fire , the savage tooth , the embodiment of the very essence of pain .
it burned and raged through her like a fever , until she began to imagine that she was no longer herself , no longer human at all , but the heart of fire , the savage tooth , the [representation] of the very essence of pain .

’ That is to say , Tolkien 's stories could be said to be an embodiment of that Northernness with which Lewis and Greeves had been in love since early adolescence .
’ that is to say , tolkien 's stories could be said to be an [representation] of that northernness with which lewis and greeves had been in love since early adolescence .

This house was the very embodiment of sleazy discomfort .
this house was the very [representation] of sleazy discomfort .

Certainly Lady Lisa might stand as the embodiment of the old fancy , the symbol of the modern idea .
certainly lady lisa might stand as the [representation] of the old fancy , the symbol of the modern idea .

No redemption-money was needed , the child itself was the actual embodiment of the prayer-gift .
no redemption-money was needed , the child itself was the actual [representation] of the prayer-gift .

Eliot comes across as the sad man who sees double , as a living embodiment of the proposition that the double has to do with pain and with relief from pain , with the search , in such circumstances , for someone other .
eliot comes across as the sad man who sees double , as a living [representation] of the proposition that the double has to do with pain and with relief from pain , with the search , in such circumstances , for someone other .

Steven Patrick Morrissey was the ultimate embodiment of those left behind .
steven patrick morrissey was the ultimate [representation] of those left behind .

Pete Burns , who may well be an admirable and likeable character , has always struck me as being the embodiment of music business sycophancy . )
pete burns , who may well be an admirable and likeable character , has always struck me as being the [representation] of music business sycophancy . )

‘ Single ’ individual organisms such as ourselves are the ultimate embodiment of many such mergers .
‘ single ’ individual organisms such as ourselves are the ultimate [representation] of many such mergers .

The ostensibly matriarchal society of Tehuantepec led to the adoption of the Tehuana , in post-revolutionary Mexico , as the image of the strong Indian woman ; the undefeated counterpart to the despised ‘ Chingada ’ , who , conversely is the female embodiment of Mexico 's hybrid post-conquest culture .
the ostensibly matriarchal society of tehuantepec led to the adoption of the tehuana , in post-revolutionary mexico , as the image of the strong indian woman ; the undefeated counterpart to the despised ‘ chingada ’ , who , conversely is the female [representation] of mexico 's hybrid post-conquest culture .

Mrs Thatcher appeared to see herself as the embodiment of revenge upon a whole generation of social engineers .
mrs thatcher appeared to see herself as the [representation] of revenge upon a whole generation of social engineers .

Mrs Thatcher turned from being the least popular Prime Minister of modern times to becoming an Iron Britannia , a new Boadicea , the very embodiment of toughness , triumph , and grim resolve .
mrs thatcher turned from being the least popular prime minister of modern times to becoming an iron britannia , a new boadicea , the very [representation] of toughness , triumph , and grim resolve .

Eliot had known Lawrence 's work for some time , but in 1931–2 he had grown particularly interested in that writer , whose ‘ travels to more primitive lands ’ and use of Mexican divinities in The Plumed Serpent were physical embodiment of Eliot 's anthropological reading and a likely reason for that title , After Strange Gods .
eliot had known lawrence 's work for some time , but in 1931–2 he had grown particularly interested in that writer , whose ‘ travels to more primitive lands ’ and use of mexican divinities in the plumed serpent were physical [representation] of eliot 's anthropological reading and a likely reason for that title , after strange gods .

But radicals in both parties who favoured radical changes , either to the left or to the right , have frequently condemned the civil service as the embodiment of an above-party consensus favouring continuity of policy .
but radicals in both parties who favoured radical changes , either to the left or to the right , have frequently condemned the civil service as the [representation] of an above-party consensus favouring continuity of policy .

So too is ‘ the other ’ , that highly charged embodiment of difference .
so too is ‘ the other ’ , that highly charged [representation] of difference .

It is from an avowedly philosophical perspective that Roger Scruton announces ‘ the major structural feature of perversion ’ to be ‘ the habit of finding a sexual release that avoids or abolishes the other , obliterating his embodiment with the obscene perception of his body ’ ; as such , believes Scruton , it is narcissistic and often solipsistic ( Sexual Desire , 289,343 ) .
it is from an avowedly philosophical perspective that roger scruton announces ‘ the major structural feature of perversion ’ to be ‘ the habit of finding a sexual release that avoids or abolishes the other , obliterating his [representation] with the obscene perception of his body ’ ; as such , believes scruton , it is narcissistic and often solipsistic ( sexual desire , 289,343 ) .

Since the early years of this century it has been recognized by scholars that this story had its origins in a tale about someone being attacked by the spirit or demon of the Jabbok , the embodiment of the great dangers involved in crossing the river at night after the rains .
since the early years of this century it has been recognized by scholars that this story had its origins in a tale about someone being attacked by the spirit or demon of the jabbok , the [representation] of the great dangers involved in crossing the river at night after the rains .

In the idiom of mythology , when the Goddess is actively destructive She is depicted alone , whereas when She is the nurturing cosmic mother and the embodiment of God 's benign grace , She is represented as the spouse of a dominant male god , Shiva or Vishnu .
in the idiom of mythology , when the goddess is actively destructive she is depicted alone , whereas when she is the nurturing cosmic mother and the [representation] of god 's benign grace , she is represented as the spouse of a dominant male god , shiva or vishnu .

She is the embodiment of the divine cosmic power of destruction .
she is the [representation] of the divine cosmic power of destruction .

She is beautiful and benign and the embodiment of all the finest qualities of a loyal and loving wife .
she is beautiful and benign and the [representation] of all the finest qualities of a loyal and loving wife .

Simpler embodiment of the idea with the slight drawback that two high-Z voltage references are needed .
simpler [representation] of the idea with the slight drawback that two high-z voltage references are needed .

Shakespearan drama is usually thought of as the embodiment of a truly popular art , whatever ‘ bourgeois ’ or aristocratic dimensions it also possesses .
shakespearan drama is usually thought of as the [representation] of a truly popular art , whatever ‘ bourgeois ’ or aristocratic dimensions it also possesses .

In its early years Scrutiny was a fine embodiment of the spirit of criticism , literary and cultural .
in its early years scrutiny was a fine [representation] of the spirit of criticism , literary and cultural .

He is , in fact , a rare surviving embodiment of those long-vanished ideals of the 1950s , when it briefly seemed that University English might provide a terrain where all these practices could converge .
he is , in fact , a rare surviving [representation] of those long-vanished ideals of the 1950s , when it briefly seemed that university english might provide a terrain where all these practices could converge .

We can again turn to Morris Zapp as the embodiment of a thorough-going professionalism .
we can again turn to morris zapp as the [representation] of a thorough-going professionalism .

Harlequin , in his earlier embodiment as Hermes , was the god of animals and this idea has been another valuable source of choreographic material .
harlequin , in his earlier [representation] as hermes , was the god of animals and this idea has been another valuable source of choreographic material .

Indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules deemed so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .
indeed , in so far as the law represents the [representation] of those rules deemed so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .

The man at the top , the very embodiment of super-suave tea-time television , was Michael Rodd , the ebony-tressed presenter of Screentest .
the man at the top , the very [representation] of super-suave tea-time television , was michael rodd , the ebony-tressed presenter of screentest .

For if local political activity is the mere reflection , or embodiment , of local culture , it is difficult to see how anything changes .
for if local political activity is the mere reflection , or [representation] , of local culture , it is difficult to see how anything changes .

The first 30 years of the computer age have spawned libraries of speculation as to the ultimate impact of computers on human dignity and morale . Can they outthink us , or will they be able to ? And if so , what are the implications ? Will rationality lose its prestige , its power to persuade , when ‘ even a machine ’ can exercise it ? Will we endow smart machines with personalities , free will and , ultimately , rights ? Is it possible that humans might feel overshadowed and surpassed , perhaps attacking the machines in a paroxysm of wounded pride , or , at the other extreme , coming to worship them , as an embodiment of a higher power ? Above all , perhaps , what can we learn from the workings of machines that throw light on the mechanisms and strategies of human thought ?
the first 30 years of the computer age have spawned libraries of speculation as to the ultimate impact of computers on human dignity and morale . can they outthink us , or will they be able to ? and if so , what are the implications ? will rationality lose its prestige , its power to persuade , when ‘ even a machine ’ can exercise it ? will we endow smart machines with personalities , free will and , ultimately , rights ? is it possible that humans might feel overshadowed and surpassed , perhaps attacking the machines in a paroxysm of wounded pride , or , at the other extreme , coming to worship them , as an [representation] of a higher power ? above all , perhaps , what can we learn from the workings of machines that throw light on the mechanisms and strategies of human thought ?

As an age-group , a stage of life , adolescents stood , clearly visible , defined and itemized , the embodiment of so many of the tensions and contradictions peculiar to the period , without which they would never have been ‘ discovered ’ .
as an age-group , a stage of life , adolescents stood , clearly visible , defined and itemized , the [representation] of so many of the tensions and contradictions peculiar to the period , without which they would never have been ‘ discovered ’ .

The nation as a prepolitical reality finds its embodiment in the apparatus of state power .
the nation as a prepolitical reality finds its [representation] in the apparatus of state power .

What we can here see is the natural embodiment of organization .
what we can here see is the natural [representation] of organization .

For many , the Jews were the embodiment of this threat — Edouard Drumont ’ s vehemently anti-Semitic La France Juive ( Jewish France ) was a runaway national bestseller .
for many , the jews were the [representation] of this threat — edouard drumont ’ s vehemently anti-semitic la france juive ( jewish france ) was a runaway national bestseller .

Japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the Allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the embodiment of Japan ’ s spirit and divine origins .
japan was reluctant to sue for peace because the allies were demanding unconditional surrender with no provision for maintaining the highly symbolic role of the emperor , still considered the [representation] of japan ’ s spirit and divine origins .

Rice viewed this draft directive as the embodiment of a comprehensive new strategy employing all instruments of national power to eliminate the al Qaeda threat .
rice viewed this draft directive as the [representation] of a comprehensive new strategy employing all instruments of national power to eliminate the al qaeda threat .

Thus , our objective , framed by ecosocial theory and its concern with the lifelong embodiment of social conditions [ 15,23 ] , was to compare health status among a cohort of monozygotic and dizygotic women twins with shared upbringing ( at least until age 14 ) and concordant versus discordant adult socioeconomic position .
thus , our objective , framed by ecosocial theory and its concern with the lifelong [representation] of social conditions [ 15,23 ] , was to compare health status among a cohort of monozygotic and dizygotic women twins with shared upbringing ( at least until age 14 ) and concordant versus discordant adult socioeconomic position .

Given the longstanding fascination with twins [ 1â€ “ 3,6 ] , if additional and larger twin studies of economically diverse women and men twins confirmed the relevance of cumulative and intergenerational lifetime socioeconomic resources for health , and were also able to include a wider array of socioeconomic measures ( e.g. , income , wealth , debt , and mother 's education ) and data on gestational age and birth weight , the evidence would likely have high policy salience , plus importantly enhance understanding of how embodiment of societal conditions shapes population patterns of health , disease , and well-being [ 15,23,54 ] .
given the longstanding fascination with twins [ 1â€ “ 3,6 ] , if additional and larger twin studies of economically diverse women and men twins confirmed the relevance of cumulative and intergenerational lifetime socioeconomic resources for health , and were also able to include a wider array of socioeconomic measures ( e.g. , income , wealth , debt , and mother 's education ) and data on gestational age and birth weight , the evidence would likely have high policy salience , plus importantly enhance understanding of how [representation] of societal conditions shapes population patterns of health , disease , and well-being [ 15,23,54 ] .

That 's plenty , of course -- Culturebox would never discourage you from going anywhere to see Michael Stipe 's gray-blue sheer organza suit , a beautiful embodiment of androgynous glamour , or the wholly deconstructed Edwardian getup Jean-Paul Gaultier designed for Madonna , with its exuberant bursts of taffeta , twill , and satin , as well as an over-the-top silk top hat .
that 's plenty , of course -- culturebox would never discourage you from going anywhere to see michael stipe 's gray-blue sheer organza suit , a beautiful [representation] of androgynous glamour , or the wholly deconstructed edwardian getup jean-paul gaultier designed for madonna , with its exuberant bursts of taffeta , twill , and satin , as well as an over-the-top silk top hat .

Re our discussion of the function of the Michael Clarke Duncan character in The Green Mile : I agree with you about his presentation as an embodiment of mistaken southern rape fantasies .
re our discussion of the function of the michael clarke duncan character in the green mile : i agree with you about his presentation as an [representation] of mistaken southern rape fantasies .

This is another of those Last of the Cowboys sagas , with the young rancher-narrator , Pete , falling under the spell of an embodiment of the Old West , here a character called Big Boy .
this is another of those last of the cowboys sagas , with the young rancher-narrator , pete , falling under the spell of an [representation] of the old west , here a character called big boy .

He also falls in love with a married woman , Mona , the embodiment of Sex -- the kind of woman who sends men into spasms of uncontrollable lust , such that they 'd kill their good buddies or drink themselves into an early grave .
he also falls in love with a married woman , mona , the [representation] of sex -- the kind of woman who sends men into spasms of uncontrollable lust , such that they 'd kill their good buddies or drink themselves into an early grave .

It was the embodiment of both pleasure and danger .
it was the [representation] of both pleasure and danger .

The film is based on a book by Joe Connelly , who cruised the streets of Manhattan in an ambulance from the mid-'80s to the early '90s , when the crack epidemic was peaking and New York had become the embodiment of everything untenable about major American cities .
the film is based on a book by joe connelly , who cruised the streets of manhattan in an ambulance from the mid-'80s to the early '90s , when the crack epidemic was peaking and new york had become the [representation] of everything untenable about major american cities .

The recently released Dick portrays the president , as Stephen Holden wrote in the New York Times , `` with his hunched shoulders , darting paranoid gaze and crocodile grimace ... the quivering , skulking embodiment of a single word : guilty . ''
the recently released dick portrays the president , as stephen holden wrote in the new york times , `` with his hunched shoulders , darting paranoid gaze and crocodile grimace ... the quivering , skulking [representation] of a single word : guilty . ''

Graves writes that she became the embodiment of `` divine vengeance on proud kings . ''
graves writes that she became the [representation] of `` divine vengeance on proud kings . ''

Kenneth Starr is the embodiment of these inhuman principles , the `` Enlightenment 's ... curse . ''
kenneth starr is the [representation] of these inhuman principles , the `` enlightenment 's ... curse . ''

He cites JFK 's secretary Evelyn Lincoln as one of the ancient paragons of loyalty -- the `` embodiment of the courtier 's discretion . ''
he cites jfk 's secretary evelyn lincoln as one of the ancient paragons of loyalty -- the `` [representation] of the courtier 's discretion . ''

What if some Republican presidential candidate looking for an issue -- John Kasich , say -- portrayed you , the $ 7 Million Man , as the embodiment of everything wrong with Washington ?
what if some republican presidential candidate looking for an issue -- john kasich , say -- portrayed you , the $ 7 million man , as the [representation] of everything wrong with washington ?

Eight pages later , a tribute to Princess Diana emphasizes her embodiment of , yes , globalization : `` Globalization has become the decade 's most overused word , but at its heart , it embodies a real truth : technology has made this a planet of shared experiences . ''
eight pages later , a tribute to princess diana emphasizes her [representation] of , yes , globalization : `` globalization has become the decade 's most overused word , but at its heart , it embodies a real truth : technology has made this a planet of shared experiences . ''

Two years ago the widow of Kurt Cobain and `` Queen of Grunge '' threw a post-Oscar party in a yellowing thrift-store gown and tiara , the embodiment of rock-star glamour .
two years ago the widow of kurt cobain and `` queen of grunge '' threw a post-oscar party in a yellowing thrift-store gown and tiara , the [representation] of rock-star glamour .

He honestly believes himself to be `` Marilyn Manson , '' the embodiment of the world 's great opposites -- man and woman , icon and villain , Christ and Satan .
he honestly believes himself to be `` marilyn manson , '' the [representation] of the world 's great opposites -- man and woman , icon and villain , christ and satan .

Gates ' deposition was a true abomination -- he was churlish and evasive -- and precisely because he is so clearly the embodiment of his company , he hurt Microsoft 's cause a great deal .
gates ' deposition was a true abomination -- he was churlish and evasive -- and precisely because he is so clearly the [representation] of his company , he hurt microsoft 's cause a great deal .

Nothing could have been more infuriating to them than the sight of Yasser Arafat , the embodiment of Palestinian nationalism , shaking hands with Yitzhak Rabin , Israel 's late prime minister .
nothing could have been more infuriating to them than the sight of yasser arafat , the [representation] of palestinian nationalism , shaking hands with yitzhak rabin , israel 's late prime minister .

Is the elegant embodiment of an idea ever the entire story ?
is the elegant [representation] of an idea ever the entire story ?

This book may be the grandest embodiment of the principle that guided The New Yorker through its glory days under William Shawn : that it is the role of good writing to arrange facts artfully and discreetly , and not much else .
this book may be the grandest [representation] of the principle that guided the new yorker through its glory days under william shawn : that it is the role of good writing to arrange facts artfully and discreetly , and not much else .

For his first film , A Streetcar Named Desire ( 1951 ) , North wrote Hollywood 's first jazz soundtrack , the musical embodiment of New Orleans ' moist , hot nights .
for his first film , a streetcar named desire ( 1951 ) , north wrote hollywood 's first jazz soundtrack , the musical [representation] of new orleans ' moist , hot nights .

Soon after his return , Maggs encounters Tobias Oates , a novelist and self-styled `` cartographer '' of the `` Criminal Mind , '' of which Maggs is soon forced to become the hapless embodiment .
soon after his return , maggs encounters tobias oates , a novelist and self-styled `` cartographer '' of the `` criminal mind , '' of which maggs is soon forced to become the hapless [representation] .

This is not because the notices have been uniformly glowing -- it 's been some time since a Scorsese picture won unanimous praise from reviewers -- but because Scorsese remains , almost uniquely among American directors , an embodiment of the beleaguered idea that filmmaking , and therefore film criticism , can be a serious , important , life-and-death matter .
this is not because the notices have been uniformly glowing -- it 's been some time since a scorsese picture won unanimous praise from reviewers -- but because scorsese remains , almost uniquely among american directors , an [representation] of the beleaguered idea that filmmaking , and therefore film criticism , can be a serious , important , life-and-death matter .

Finally , it 's possible to see Sun 's approach to Java as an embodiment of what 's called Joy 's Law , after Sun co-founder Bill Joy .
finally , it 's possible to see sun 's approach to java as an [representation] of what 's called joy 's law , after sun co-founder bill joy .

With their lovely fur , clumsy movements , and goofy faces , they seem the embodiment of innocence , childishness , and vulnerability .
with their lovely fur , clumsy movements , and goofy faces , they seem the [representation] of innocence , childishness , and vulnerability .

Regis and Kathie Lee quickly became figures of ridicule , the embodiment of unhip .
regis and kathie lee quickly became figures of ridicule , the [representation] of unhip .

Colin Powell lauds the GI as an embodiment of America 's courage and diversity .
colin powell lauds the gi as an [representation] of america 's courage and diversity .

Another piece suggests that Lawrence Lindsey , Bush 's top economic adviser , is the very embodiment of the phrase .
another piece suggests that lawrence lindsey , bush 's top economic adviser , is the very [representation] of the phrase .

Connery is also the embodiment of everything unfair in nature -- to men , but especially to women , being one of the few male actors who actually makes a plausible heartthrob for a female nearly half a century his junior .
connery is also the [representation] of everything unfair in nature -- to men , but especially to women , being one of the few male actors who actually makes a plausible heartthrob for a female nearly half a century his junior .

As decision making has devolved from the autocrat to the ordinary citizen , it is the ordinary citizen -- the anonymous Everyman , an embodiment of rights and responsibilities shared by all -- whose name is increasingly invoked .
as decision making has devolved from the autocrat to the ordinary citizen , it is the ordinary citizen -- the anonymous everyman , an [representation] of rights and responsibilities shared by all -- whose name is increasingly invoked .

His ideas were hopeless ; but he remains the embodiment of an ideal .
his ideas were hopeless ; but he remains the [representation] of an ideal .

The problem—and it is a serious one— is that there are , indeed , many words and phrases that originated at sea and were brought ashore for ready embodiment in everyday speech , but to find the same terms in both does not justify the assertion that the sea term came first .
the problem—and it is a serious one— is that there are , indeed , many words and phrases that originated at sea and were brought ashore for ready [representation] in everyday speech , but to find the same terms in both does not justify the assertion that the sea term came first .

