He suggests that Gore Court embodies all the glories of Tudor splendor .
he suggests that gore court [represents] all the glories of tudor splendor .

Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies .
understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or [represents] .

The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service .
the 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference [represents] one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in am assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service .

It was the ninth goal of the season for a player who embodies all the traditional strengths of the old-fashioned British centre-forward but has been used only once against Czechoslovakia in Graham Taylor 's two- year reign .
it was the ninth goal of the season for a player who [represents] all the traditional strengths of the old-fashioned british centre-forward but has been used only once against czechoslovakia in graham taylor 's two- year reign .

Harvard Lampoon gave Dustin the Worst Supporting Actor award and the movie received the Please-Don't-Put-Us-Through-DeMille-Again award for the film which ‘ best embodies the pretensions , extravagances , and blundering ineffectiveness of the Screen Spectacular ’ .
harvard lampoon gave dustin the worst supporting actor award and the movie received the please-don't-put-us-through-demille-again award for the film which ‘ best [represents] the pretensions , extravagances , and blundering ineffectiveness of the screen spectacular ’ .

However , lesbians are more likely than men to feel ambivalent about their own bodies and may feel it especially difficult to desire a fat woman who embodies their own fears .
however , lesbians are more likely than men to feel ambivalent about their own bodies and may feel it especially difficult to desire a fat woman who [represents] their own fears .

My own experience with homoeopathy embodies a number of the ways in which doctors can become interested in this subject .
my own experience with homoeopathy [represents] a number of the ways in which doctors can become interested in this subject .

The early efforts are low-budget romps , akin to the kind of shambling college-project material that 's usually the preserve of British indie outfits , but things become slicker as the band mature , as evidenced by ‘ Sunless Saturday ’ — a cinematic masterstroke that finds Spike Lee adding claustrophobic visuals to a song that embodies the oppressive squalor of Fishbone 's native Los Angeles .
the early efforts are low-budget romps , akin to the kind of shambling college-project material that 's usually the preserve of british indie outfits , but things become slicker as the band mature , as evidenced by ‘ sunless saturday ’ — a cinematic masterstroke that finds spike lee adding claustrophobic visuals to a song that [represents] the oppressive squalor of fishbone 's native los angeles .

It represents or embodies values which the peace movement seeks to achieve in relation to nuclear Weapons , and provides a focus for an otherwise disunited political movement .
it represents or [represents] values which the peace movement seeks to achieve in relation to nuclear weapons , and provides a focus for an otherwise disunited political movement .

However , this contains an important message for lawyers sympathetic to the peace movement , since if the symbolic appeal of law for the peace movement is founded in the view that law embodies certain political and human ideals which may be interpreted as being in sympathy with the aims of the peace movement , then it is clear that the attraction is to law as an ideal rather than to lawyers and legal process .
however , this contains an important message for lawyers sympathetic to the peace movement , since if the symbolic appeal of law for the peace movement is founded in the view that law [represents] certain political and human ideals which may be interpreted as being in sympathy with the aims of the peace movement , then it is clear that the attraction is to law as an ideal rather than to lawyers and legal process .

In my view legal process embodies some properties which tend to increase the law 's trustworthiness as a moral guide although not one which simply incorporates the moral consensus of ordinary life with the rules of the polity .
in my view legal process [represents] some properties which tend to increase the law 's trustworthiness as a moral guide although not one which simply incorporates the moral consensus of ordinary life with the rules of the polity .

The qualities that the new programme is seeking to offer our children were embodies in the celebration of the mass .
the qualities that the new programme is seeking to offer our children were [represents] in the celebration of the mass .

It is interesting that Hoccleve 's old Beggar embodies all that Hoccleve most fears : poverty , old age and helplessness in the face of them .
it is interesting that hoccleve 's old beggar [represents] all that hoccleve most fears : poverty , old age and helplessness in the face of them .

The Leisure 220 embodies this reputation with a mixture of modern styling and traditional values of expert craftsmanship and quality control .
the leisure 220 [represents] this reputation with a mixture of modern styling and traditional values of expert craftsmanship and quality control .

The Apex embodies all that 's good about freestanding cookers .
the apex [represents] all that 's good about freestanding cookers .

Mr Major embodies the growing number of people who , though not mystified about their humble class origins , no longer believe they should remain , as he put it , ‘ boxed in ’ to them forever .
mr major [represents] the growing number of people who , though not mystified about their humble class origins , no longer believe they should remain , as he put it , ‘ boxed in ’ to them forever .

‘ Our Rebbe embodies the messianic ideal , ’ said one rabbi from Stamford Hill in north London .
‘ our rebbe [represents] the messianic ideal , ’ said one rabbi from stamford hill in north london .

He understands the manic rhythms of a city that borders on the irrational , yet still embodies a nervy humanity .
he understands the manic rhythms of a city that borders on the irrational , yet still [represents] a nervy humanity .

This enables us to say therefore that competition creates a system of prices which embodies relevant information so that the wealth created within the market order is produced at least cost .
this enables us to say therefore that competition creates a system of prices which [represents] relevant information so that the wealth created within the market order is produced at least cost .

The razzmatazz and hype that will attend the roll-out of version 7 of Oracle Corp 's eponymous relational database — the company seems to want to call it Oracle7 — has begun in earnest , and last week 's blast comes with the announcement that the thing embodies ‘ a revolutionary new technology called a co-operative-server database ’ .
the razzmatazz and hype that will attend the roll-out of version 7 of oracle corp 's eponymous relational database — the company seems to want to call it oracle7 — has begun in earnest , and last week 's blast comes with the announcement that the thing [represents] ‘ a revolutionary new technology called a co-operative-server database ’ .

At first glance these appear anachronistic , for our ordinary understanding of the term ‘ strategy ’ embodies the idea of intentional action .
at first glance these appear anachronistic , for our ordinary understanding of the term ‘ strategy ’ [represents] the idea of intentional action .

In The Colour Purple , Alice Walker , through the letters of Nettie , a young black woman who has accompanied two missionaries to the home of the Olinka tribe in Africa , writes of the healing , life-giving qualities of the roofleaf plant , which embodies the spirit of place for the tribe :
in the colour purple , alice walker , through the letters of nettie , a young black woman who has accompanied two missionaries to the home of the olinka tribe in africa , writes of the healing , life-giving qualities of the roofleaf plant , which [represents] the spirit of place for the tribe :

As each transfer price embodies just the sum of variable costs so far , this method is good for decision making .
as each transfer price [represents] just the sum of variable costs so far , this method is good for decision making .

He embodies the spirit of the age .
he [represents] the spirit of the age .

Each embodies a core of 20 weeks ' accounting , linked with auditing if necessary , and a degree of flexibility to accommodate work experience programmes in taxation , financial management , insolvency and information technology — the last two having been hitherto restricted to the post-qualification stage .
each [represents] a core of 20 weeks ' accounting , linked with auditing if necessary , and a degree of flexibility to accommodate work experience programmes in taxation , financial management , insolvency and information technology — the last two having been hitherto restricted to the post-qualification stage .

But this year the race itself became less American and even more international when it lost the 58-year-old veteran competitor who best embodies what the Indianapolis 500 represents .
but this year the race itself became less american and even more international when it lost the 58-year-old veteran competitor who best [represents] what the indianapolis 500 represents .

The coronet is shown in loving detail as it embodies the moment when this family of merchants made it to the princely ranks .
the coronet is shown in loving detail as it [represents] the moment when this family of merchants made it to the princely ranks .

Christopher Baker 's work , once founded on her romantic nature of landscapes , embodies a deep and sensitive understanding of tone and atmosphere , and is already well-known to The Artist readers .
christopher baker 's work , once founded on her romantic nature of landscapes , [represents] a deep and sensitive understanding of tone and atmosphere , and is already well-known to the artist readers .

It embodies the belief that students are best motivated through stimulating , interesting tasks and topics , and through an approach which invites them to become directly involved in their own learning process .
it [represents] the belief that students are best motivated through stimulating , interesting tasks and topics , and through an approach which invites them to become directly involved in their own learning process .

First , the pupils , teachers and practitioners of science are overwhelmingly male in terms of numbers ; second , school science is packaged and presented to appeal to boys , not girls ; third , classroom behaviours and interaction operate to reconstruct science as a male activity , and finally it has been suggested that ‘ scientific ’ thinking embodies an intrinsically masculine world view .
first , the pupils , teachers and practitioners of science are overwhelmingly male in terms of numbers ; second , school science is packaged and presented to appeal to boys , not girls ; third , classroom behaviours and interaction operate to reconstruct science as a male activity , and finally it has been suggested that ‘ scientific ’ thinking [represents] an intrinsically masculine world view .

It is this system , with its marriage of technology and the rationality of market economics , that really embodies — makes incarnate — the philosophies of the Enlightenment .
it is this system , with its marriage of technology and the rationality of market economics , that really [represents] — makes incarnate — the philosophies of the enlightenment .

The reciprocal relationship embodies two-way communication , with each open to be influenced by the other .
the reciprocal relationship [represents] two-way communication , with each open to be influenced by the other .

The point to make here , then , is that possession of this sort , which is very common in many societies , embodies the spirit of protest ; those who ‘ speak in tongues ’ regularly adopt an appropriately shrill commanding tone .
the point to make here , then , is that possession of this sort , which is very common in many societies , [represents] the spirit of protest ; those who ‘ speak in tongues ’ regularly adopt an appropriately shrill commanding tone .

This analytic procedure embodies assumptions rather different from those underlying Labov 's original method .
this analytic procedure [represents] assumptions rather different from those underlying labov 's original method .

Their Lordships accept the ‘ Salisbury doctrine ’ , produced by Lord Salisbury during the era of the post-war Attlee administration , which asserts that the Upper House should not stop the second reading of a bill that embodies proposals which appeared in the election manifesto of the governing party .
their lordships accept the ‘ salisbury doctrine ’ , produced by lord salisbury during the era of the post-war attlee administration , which asserts that the upper house should not stop the second reading of a bill that [represents] proposals which appeared in the election manifesto of the governing party .

The modern convergence , which the contemporary sociology of culture embodies , is in fact an attempt to rework , from a particular set of interests , those general social and sociological ideas within which it has been possible to see communication , language and art as marginal and peripheral , or as at best secondary and derived social processes .
the modern convergence , which the contemporary sociology of culture [represents] , is in fact an attempt to rework , from a particular set of interests , those general social and sociological ideas within which it has been possible to see communication , language and art as marginal and peripheral , or as at best secondary and derived social processes .

Each of these in isolation produces a form of curriculum which embodies its own emphases ; but it is surely better to consider them as the three necessary dimensions of any truly general education ( Squires 1987a ) .
each of these in isolation produces a form of curriculum which [represents] its own emphases ; but it is surely better to consider them as the three necessary dimensions of any truly general education ( squires 1987a ) .

Whatever the truth of this , higher education , by contrast , embodies a kind of ‘ long-termism ’ .
whatever the truth of this , higher education , by contrast , [represents] a kind of ‘ long-termism ’ .

On the other hand , the particular conception , which embodies both a universal process ( anchoring ) and a particular one ( objectification ) , encourages such contrasts .
on the other hand , the particular conception , which [represents] both a universal process ( anchoring ) and a particular one ( objectification ) , encourages such contrasts .

It is therefore the purest example of a tool : ‘ The tremendous importance of money for the understanding of the basic motives of life lies in the fact that money embodies and sublimates the practical relation of man to the objects of his will ’ ( 1978 : 21 1 ) .
it is therefore the purest example of a tool : ‘ the tremendous importance of money for the understanding of the basic motives of life lies in the fact that money [represents] and sublimates the practical relation of man to the objects of his will ’ ( 1978 : 21 1 ) .

It will be clear that for this approach an artefact which already embodies a categorization process is clearly distinguished from a natural object which does not .
it will be clear that for this approach an artefact which already [represents] a categorization process is clearly distinguished from a natural object which does not .

Current drafting practice embodies these principles within its formalized management procedures and records .
current drafting practice [represents] these principles within its formalized management procedures and records .

Although Lakatos 's methodology embodies a definition of what progress in modern physics has consisted in , it does not offer guidance to those who aim to achieve such progress .
although lakatos 's methodology [represents] a definition of what progress in modern physics has consisted in , it does not offer guidance to those who aim to achieve such progress .

Music is caught between these two tendencies , and good music embodies both in a satisfying unity , at once affirming the objective movement of bourgeois society and also negating this through subjective critique .
music is caught between these two tendencies , and good music [represents] both in a satisfying unity , at once affirming the objective movement of bourgeois society and also negating this through subjective critique .

Because people like to think that culture is different from other commercially produced goods ( ‘ art ’ embodies individual expression ) , standardized methods and forms are masked to some extent by a show of artisan craftsmanship and by ‘ pseudo-individualized ’ effects .
because people like to think that culture is different from other commercially produced goods ( ‘ art ’ [represents] individual expression ) , standardized methods and forms are masked to some extent by a show of artisan craftsmanship and by ‘ pseudo-individualized ’ effects .

Since by definition jewellery reflects and in a sense embodies the social order , it should hardly be surprising , still less an occasion for despair , that social change as profound as that which marked the transition from an aristocratic to a democratic order should have brought about drastic changes in the uses to which precious substances were put .
since by definition jewellery reflects and in a sense [represents] the social order , it should hardly be surprising , still less an occasion for despair , that social change as profound as that which marked the transition from an aristocratic to a democratic order should have brought about drastic changes in the uses to which precious substances were put .

‘ If the legislature thinks that in this field the public interest overcomes some of the common law 's traditional consideration for the individual , then effect must be given to the statute which embodies this policy .
‘ if the legislature thinks that in this field the public interest overcomes some of the common law 's traditional consideration for the individual , then effect must be given to the statute which [represents] this policy .

We believe that the integrated workbook assignment embodies the ideals of our curriculum and , in particular , has considerable potential for continuing the General Medical Council 's recommended strands of ethics , law , behavioural science , and communication skills throughout the clinical course .
we believe that the integrated workbook assignment [represents] the ideals of our curriculum and , in particular , has considerable potential for continuing the general medical council 's recommended strands of ethics , law , behavioural science , and communication skills throughout the clinical course .

The first characteristic foundationalist thesis embodies the response to the regress argument :
the first characteristic foundationalist thesis [represents] the response to the regress argument :

This is that empiricism leads to verificationism , and verificationism embodies the foundationalist asymmetries .
this is that empiricism leads to verificationism , and verificationism [represents] the foundationalist asymmetries .

The point about ads as entertainment is , surely , that they are only any use if the entertainment embodies or springs from a commercial , selling message .
the point about ads as entertainment is , surely , that they are only any use if the entertainment [represents] or springs from a commercial , selling message .

The final major aspect of the new constitutional settlement seen as desirable by the constitutional authorities embodies a concern to revive parliamentary government and the power of an independent House of Commons unchecked by outside interest and direct democratic pressures .
the final major aspect of the new constitutional settlement seen as desirable by the constitutional authorities [represents] a concern to revive parliamentary government and the power of an independent house of commons unchecked by outside interest and direct democratic pressures .

Discussing the prose poem — a form of literature which , as used by Jacob , provides one of the closest literary parallels to Cubist painting in that it embodies simultaneously actions or events normally separated by time and space , which are fused into formal , difficult but rational and understandable creations — Jacob warns the poet and artist against ‘ the too dazzling precious stones which attract the eye at the expense of the whole ’ , and adds ‘ The poem is a constructed object and not the display window of a jeweller 's shop .
discussing the prose poem — a form of literature which , as used by jacob , provides one of the closest literary parallels to cubist painting in that it [represents] simultaneously actions or events normally separated by time and space , which are fused into formal , difficult but rational and understandable creations — jacob warns the poet and artist against ‘ the too dazzling precious stones which attract the eye at the expense of the whole ’ , and adds ‘ the poem is a constructed object and not the display window of a jeweller 's shop .

For Sumner , law embodies the appearance of reality produced by social relations , so that , for example , an employment contract appears as a consensual contract between equals ( a point also made by Hunt ) , but it also embodies those appearances as they have been seen and interpreted by classes and groups who make laws .
for sumner , law [represents] the appearance of reality produced by social relations , so that , for example , an employment contract appears as a consensual contract between equals ( a point also made by hunt ) , but it also [represents] those appearances as they have been seen and interpreted by classes and groups who make laws .

In her frequent role as the magician 's assistant she embodies all of these things , she gets in the box , she 's cut up and put back together .
in her frequent role as the magician 's assistant she [represents] all of these things , she gets in the box , she 's cut up and put back together .

Saddam embodies the aspirations and logic of modernity .
saddam [represents] the aspirations and logic of modernity .

Theoretically , in parliamentary systems the assembly embodies the sovereignty of the people and is therefore the source of authority for the executive .
theoretically , in parliamentary systems the assembly [represents] the sovereignty of the people and is therefore the source of authority for the executive .

Staff also use a software model , which embodies hall admissions policy and elements of wardens ' experience , to draft lists of candidates to whom hall places should be offered .
staff also use a software model , which [represents] hall admissions policy and elements of wardens ' experience , to draft lists of candidates to whom hall places should be offered .

Secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . Two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the assessment process :
secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process [represents] certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the assessment process :

17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties and there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement
17.1 this agreement [represents] the entire understanding of the parties and there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement

17.1 This agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement It may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . If this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :
17.1 this agreement [represents] the entire understanding of the parties save as augmented by any side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement[s] ] exchanged contemporaneously with this agreement and signed by the parties hereto or by their duly authorised agents which side letter [ s ] [ or agreement[s] ] shall take effect either as a collateral agreement to this agreement or if it [ they ] shall be incorporated by express reference all the terms and conditions of such side letter [ s ] [ or other agreement [ s ] ] shall be treated as being a single composite agreement with this agreement and subject thereto there are no other arrangements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement it may be advisable to include an arbitration provision , either to deal with any particular point in the agreement or to attempt to resolve disputes in general . if this is thought advisable , the following additional clause could be added :

9.10 Entire understanding This Lease embodies the entire understanding of the parties relating to the Premises and to all the matters dealt with by any of the provisions of this Lease The provision has merit from both parties ' points of view .
9.10 entire understanding this lease [represents] the entire understanding of the parties relating to the premises and to all the matters dealt with by any of the provisions of this lease the provision has merit from both parties ' points of view .

We seem to be on firmer ground , however , if we suggest that a singer who draws upon a training in the English choral tradition will not readily perform in a way that is bogus , trivial or solipsistic , for the choral tradition is none of those things ; it embodies the results of countless individual strivings for the best results in conformity to a communal discipline .
we seem to be on firmer ground , however , if we suggest that a singer who draws upon a training in the english choral tradition will not readily perform in a way that is bogus , trivial or solipsistic , for the choral tradition is none of those things ; it [represents] the results of countless individual strivings for the best results in conformity to a communal discipline .

Noblesse oblige ( privilege entails responsibility ) is a foreign phase but it embodies a very British concept .
noblesse oblige ( privilege entails responsibility ) is a foreign phase but it [represents] a very british concept .

The same is not true of the following feature of the model , which embodies a fundamental principle of biology .
the same is not true of the following feature of the model , which [represents] a fundamental principle of biology .

Design mirrors ( represents and directly embodies ) this transformative reality by uniting , in the vertical direction , in the moment `` of designing , complex human abilities both cognitive and practical and in the horizontal ( over time but in interaction with the vertical moment ) , the movement from critique through the various moments of problem resolution and definition to the realisation of the `` solution `` in practice ( also cognitive-practical moments but of a different order ) .
design mirrors ( represents and directly [represents] ) this transformative reality by uniting , in the vertical direction , in the moment `` of designing , complex human abilities both cognitive and practical and in the horizontal ( over time but in interaction with the vertical moment ) , the movement from critique through the various moments of problem resolution and definition to the realisation of the `` solution `` in practice ( also cognitive-practical moments but of a different order ) .

She ‘ interprets stories of outrage on behalf of their female victims in order to recover a neglected history , to remember a past that the present embodies , and to pray that these terrors shall not come to pass again ' .
she ‘ interprets stories of outrage on behalf of their female victims in order to recover a neglected history , to remember a past that the present [represents] , and to pray that these terrors shall not come to pass again ' .

The civil law applies directly only to Israel as a nation and can not be lifted out of its context , though many of the principles it embodies are still highly relevant to modern society .
the civil law applies directly only to israel as a nation and can not be lifted out of its context , though many of the principles it [represents] are still highly relevant to modern society .

The Raffles Hotel embodies the days of the Raj , when it was a fashionable gathering place for princes , playwrights and film stars , but it is in the streets where the true cosmopolitan nature of Singapore is to be found — restaurants in Chinatown , Little India , Arab Street and Baghdad Street mirror the eclectic origins of the city .
the raffles hotel [represents] the days of the raj , when it was a fashionable gathering place for princes , playwrights and film stars , but it is in the streets where the true cosmopolitan nature of singapore is to be found — restaurants in chinatown , little india , arab street and baghdad street mirror the eclectic origins of the city .

Universitas may be identified with enterprise association since it embodies the idea of a managerial state constituted in the pursuit of a set of purposes .
universitas may be identified with enterprise association since it [represents] the idea of a managerial state constituted in the pursuit of a set of purposes .

And the beauty of it is that she embodies this core value of intimacy in her music better than anyone else who 's arrived on the scene in years .
and the beauty of it is that she [represents] this core value of intimacy in her music better than anyone else who 's arrived on the scene in years .

In this light , Idealism embodies only a particular notion of morality , reflecting not even the interests of particular nations , but more specifically the interests of a particular class within the states concerned .
in this light , idealism [represents] only a particular notion of morality , reflecting not even the interests of particular nations , but more specifically the interests of a particular class within the states concerned .

Meanwhile , it squarely embodies an assumption that causal laws are correlations , thus ruling out reference to structures and structural forces to explain the correlations .
meanwhile , it squarely [represents] an assumption that causal laws are correlations , thus ruling out reference to structures and structural forces to explain the correlations .

For him , law embodies ideas of justice , entitlements , and obligations ; that is — ‘ how a given size of pie is divided .
for him , law [represents] ideas of justice , entitlements , and obligations ; that is — ‘ how a given size of pie is divided .

The ‘ market egalitarianism ’ argument embodies the idea that all individuals in the market should be placed on an equal footing , in so far as that is possible .
the ‘ market egalitarianism ’ argument [represents] the idea that all individuals in the market should be placed on an equal footing , in so far as that is possible .

The left asserts that far from helping the poor it props up capitalism and embodies unacceptable forms of social control .
the left asserts that far from helping the poor it props up capitalism and [represents] unacceptable forms of social control .

After-sales service : When a firm sells a product that embodies a component purchased externally it may find it difficult to service the product if the component is the cause of the malfunction of the product .
after-sales service : when a firm sells a product that [represents] a component purchased externally it may find it difficult to service the product if the component is the cause of the malfunction of the product .

It is the policy function that embodies the strategic and responsive government positions .
it is the policy function that [represents] the strategic and responsive government positions .

The federal government of the United States of America embodies a separation of powers between the executive ( which is headed by a President elected for four years , at present a Republican ) , the legislative branch ( Congress , which comprises a Senate of 100 members and a House of Representatives of 435 members , both of which are at present controlled by the Democratic Party ) and the judicial branch ( headed by the Supreme Court ) .
the federal government of the united states of america [represents] a separation of powers between the executive ( which is headed by a president elected for four years , at present a republican ) , the legislative branch ( congress , which comprises a senate of 100 members and a house of representatives of 435 members , both of which are at present controlled by the democratic party ) and the judicial branch ( headed by the supreme court ) .

To us , St. Joe 's embodies our own history : a history of caring and campaigning for homeless people , but more vitally a history of `` Simon `` and its ideas , principles and values . ``
to us , st. joe 's [represents] our own history : a history of caring and campaigning for homeless people , but more vitally a history of `` simon `` and its ideas , principles and values . ``

The author embodies his sense of this in the cumulative use of the verb leap to point towards the poise achieved above the abyss of self-destruction .
the author [represents] his sense of this in the cumulative use of the verb leap to point towards the poise achieved above the abyss of self-destruction .

The sacrament embodies the reality of the power of love , known through suffering and division , as a healing power .
the sacrament [represents] the reality of the power of love , known through suffering and division , as a healing power .

It is interesting that it is in the work of a woman , Julian of Norwich , that Mary 's female willingness to be open to receive embodies that attitude which lies at the heart of contemplative experience .
it is interesting that it is in the work of a woman , julian of norwich , that mary 's female willingness to be open to receive [represents] that attitude which lies at the heart of contemplative experience .

The lyrical meditation proper to the second degree of love that he includes in Ego Dormio projects a lightness of spirit as it embodies rhetorically a sense of the joyful reality behind the story which is the goal of the contemplative .
the lyrical meditation proper to the second degree of love that he includes in ego dormio projects a lightness of spirit as it [represents] rhetorically a sense of the joyful reality behind the story which is the goal of the contemplative .

Hilton embodies his understanding of this journey in images of light and darkness based on an anagogical reading of two texts from Isaiah 26:9 : `` mi soule desired in `` and 9:2 : Habitantibus in regione umbrae mortis , lux orta est eis which he translates `` to the wonend in contre of shadwe of dede , was spronge `` [ wonend : dwellers ] ( 25.92r .
hilton [represents] his understanding of this journey in images of light and darkness based on an anagogical reading of two texts from isaiah 26:9 : `` mi soule desired in `` and 9:2 : habitantibus in regione umbrae mortis , lux orta est eis which he translates `` to the wonend in contre of shadwe of dede , was spronge `` [ wonend : dwellers ] ( 25.92r .

The research is therefore central to evaluation of the Act and the approach to police accountability it embodies .
the research is therefore central to evaluation of the act and the approach to police accountability it [represents] .

It starts from the premise that the development of modern Ulster Unionism and the attitudes it embodies has to be studied in the context of the threat that Irish nationalism seemed to pose the Ulster protestants , as the demand for Irish independence brought their national identity into question .
it starts from the premise that the development of modern ulster unionism and the attitudes it [represents] has to be studied in the context of the threat that irish nationalism seemed to pose the ulster protestants , as the demand for irish independence brought their national identity into question .

Claire , currently based in Dublin , joins Gina Niland , Siobhan Nicholson and Karen Nugent in an Ireland team that embodies competitive spirit and generous skill .
claire , currently based in dublin , joins gina niland , siobhan nicholson and karen nugent in an ireland team that [represents] competitive spirit and generous skill .

The translation procedure embodies the celebrated three-letter ‘ genetic code ’ .
the translation procedure [represents] the celebrated three-letter ‘ genetic code ’ .

Ironically , however , it 's a well paid footballer who embodies the Paish doctrine — Leeds star Gordon Strachan .
ironically , however , it 's a well paid footballer who [represents] the paish doctrine — leeds star gordon strachan .

It is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the components it embodies in its products .
it is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the components it [represents] in its products .

Behind the gaudy clothes Superbarrio embodies the revival of popular organizations , and the realisation of the power of a people united .
behind the gaudy clothes superbarrio [represents] the revival of popular organizations , and the realisation of the power of a people united .

It should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .
it should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and [represents] institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .

Secondly , the treaty itself embodies the vital principle of ’ subsidiarity ’ , making it clear that the Community should only be involved in decisions which can not more effectively be taken at national level .
secondly , the treaty itself [represents] the vital principle of ’ subsidiarity ’ , making it clear that the community should only be involved in decisions which can not more effectively be taken at national level .

That is what it stands for and that is what the Bill embodies .
that is what it stands for and that is what the bill [represents] .

21 ) who explicitly rejected the ‘ classical doctrine ’ of democracy , according to which it embodies distinctive ideals concerning participation in political life and the relationship between political leaders and the people , and replaced it by another theory of democracy as ‘ competition for political leadership ’ : ‘ the democratic method is that institutional arrangement for arriving at political decisions in which individuals acquire the power to decide by means of a competitive struggle for the people 's vote ’ ( p. 269 ) .
21 ) who explicitly rejected the ‘ classical doctrine ’ of democracy , according to which it [represents] distinctive ideals concerning participation in political life and the relationship between political leaders and the people , and replaced it by another theory of democracy as ‘ competition for political leadership ’ : ‘ the democratic method is that institutional arrangement for arriving at political decisions in which individuals acquire the power to decide by means of a competitive struggle for the people 's vote ’ ( p. 269 ) .

The second equation embodies the structural neutrality and rational expectations hypothesis : for each country only the unpredictable component of monetary growth causes output to deviate from its natural rate .
the second equation [represents] the structural neutrality and rational expectations hypothesis : for each country only the unpredictable component of monetary growth causes output to deviate from its natural rate .

‘ Competence is a wide concept which embodies the ability to transfer skills and knowledge to new situations within the occupational area .
‘ competence is a wide concept which [represents] the ability to transfer skills and knowledge to new situations within the occupational area .

The federal government of the United States of America embodies a separation of powers between the executive , headed by a President elected for four years , the legislative branch , Congress , which comprises the Senate ( with 100 members who sit for six years , one-third being elected every two years ) and the House of Representatives ( with 435 members elected every two years ) , and the judicial branch , headed by the Supreme Court .
the federal government of the united states of america [represents] a separation of powers between the executive , headed by a president elected for four years , the legislative branch , congress , which comprises the senate ( with 100 members who sit for six years , one-third being elected every two years ) and the house of representatives ( with 435 members elected every two years ) , and the judicial branch , headed by the supreme court .

The history department has to set about devising a programme of study for Key Stage 3 which embodies all the National Curriculum requirements , plus any local or county initiatives and any school based requirements .
the history department has to set about devising a programme of study for key stage 3 which [represents] all the national curriculum requirements , plus any local or county initiatives and any school based requirements .

Unlike the blackboard model , it embodies only weak interactions , whilst unlike the hierarchical model it uses a uniform global data structure .
unlike the blackboard model , it [represents] only weak interactions , whilst unlike the hierarchical model it uses a uniform global data structure .

embodies humanist wisdom
[represents] humanist wisdom

It is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the components it embodies in its products .
it is unlikely that any company would find it an economic proposition to make all the components it [represents] in its products .

She embodies the moderate , sensible face of Toryism , but critics would prefer her to adopt a more cutting edge with political opponents .
she [represents] the moderate , sensible face of toryism , but critics would prefer her to adopt a more cutting edge with political opponents .

He seems to invite us to think of the circle as something which embodies , or is a continuing expression of , the motions which generate it ; and this involves our thinking of those motions in a way which makes them less like efficient causes than like formal causes , at least as Aristotle intended them .
he seems to invite us to think of the circle as something which [represents] , or is a continuing expression of , the motions which generate it ; and this involves our thinking of those motions in a way which makes them less like efficient causes than like formal causes , at least as aristotle intended them .

What is most important , however , is that he embodies them in a distinction , crucially important for his thought , between two sorts of science : ‘ indefinite science ’ , which ‘ consists in the knowledge of the causes of all things ’ , and the study of some ‘ limited ’ question about the ‘ cause of some determined appearance ’ such as heat .
what is most important , however , is that he [represents] them in a distinction , crucially important for his thought , between two sorts of science : ‘ indefinite science ’ , which ‘ consists in the knowledge of the causes of all things ’ , and the study of some ‘ limited ’ question about the ‘ cause of some determined appearance ’ such as heat .

From his bowler to his riding-mac to his moustache to his highly-polished shoes he embodies spleen and dodginess .
from his bowler to his riding-mac to his moustache to his highly-polished shoes he [represents] spleen and dodginess .

If the nervous system , therefore , owes the richness of the experiences which its activity embodies to the complexity of its codes , it must , ultimately owe its consciousness — to consciousness ; for this will be required ultimately to turn its codes into complex experienced meanings , into experiences .
if the nervous system , therefore , owes the richness of the experiences which its activity [represents] to the complexity of its codes , it must , ultimately owe its consciousness — to consciousness ; for this will be required ultimately to turn its codes into complex experienced meanings , into experiences .

One of the key institutions which embodies the values of dominant alliances in states is the institution of law .
one of the key institutions which [represents] the values of dominant alliances in states is the institution of law .

This lucid and candid prose , strong in the detail of a particular time and place , often ignores , and can on occasion seem to depart from , the sense of the literature it embodies .
this lucid and candid prose , strong in the detail of a particular time and place , often ignores , and can on occasion seem to depart from , the sense of the literature it [represents] .

He embodies what everybody , Press included , Press in particular , takes to be typical of the skinhead movement .
he [represents] what everybody , press included , press in particular , takes to be typical of the skinhead movement .

The stately Victoria Terminus , Bombay , ‘ The St Pancras of the Orient ’ , embodies the imperishable spirit of the British Raj .
the stately victoria terminus , bombay , ‘ the st pancras of the orient ’ , [represents] the imperishable spirit of the british raj .

Art invariably embodies the spirit of an age and the spirit of the nineteenth century was one of exuberance , grandeur , self-confidence , and self-esteem .
art invariably [represents] the spirit of an age and the spirit of the nineteenth century was one of exuberance , grandeur , self-confidence , and self-esteem .

‘ Due to a series of fortuitous circumstances it embodies unique aesthetic , technical and even sentimental values .
‘ due to a series of fortuitous circumstances it [represents] unique aesthetic , technical and even sentimental values .

that powerful conjunction of divine , natural , and patriarchal law — actually embodies positive civilized virtues .
that powerful conjunction of divine , natural , and patriarchal law — actually [represents] positive civilized virtues .

In many ways , the poll tax embodies the attitude which dismisses our interdependence , and therefore our obligations towards each other .
in many ways , the poll tax [represents] the attitude which dismisses our interdependence , and therefore our obligations towards each other .

Ar-see-nee-yo embodies the early Nineties black middle class dream he controls as well as stars in his programme , hires his own staff , even wrote his own theme song ( ’ Hal Or Nothing ’ ) .
ar-see-nee-yo [represents] the early nineties black middle class dream he controls as well as stars in his programme , hires his own staff , even wrote his own theme song ( ’ hal or nothing ’ ) .

Site Work : Architecture in Photography since early Modernism , this Photographers ' Gallery touring exhibition explores the interaction between photography and architecture and includes images by Paul Strand , Walker Evans , Lazlo Moholy-Nagy , Bill Brandt and Diane Arbus alongside work which embodies a more contemporary response to architecture ( until 15 Feb ) .
site work : architecture in photography since early modernism , this photographers ' gallery touring exhibition explores the interaction between photography and architecture and includes images by paul strand , walker evans , lazlo moholy-nagy , bill brandt and diane arbus alongside work which [represents] a more contemporary response to architecture ( until 15 feb ) .

Social security policy towards couples living together outside marriage , and other people sharing accomodation , embodies assumptions about the sharing of resources and about living costs , and about the nature of the relationship .
social security policy towards couples living together outside marriage , and other people sharing accomodation , [represents] assumptions about the sharing of resources and about living costs , and about the nature of the relationship .

Zapp is the supreme professional , who embodies , albeit comically , those ideals of professionalism that have long been dominant in the North American academy and are becoming so in the British .
zapp is the supreme professional , who [represents] , albeit comically , those ideals of professionalism that have long been dominant in the north american academy and are becoming so in the british .

But it is the Duchess herself who most obviously embodies those qualities of courage and fidelity that act as an antidote to the surrounding evil .
but it is the duchess herself who most obviously [represents] those qualities of courage and fidelity that act as an antidote to the surrounding evil .

‘ Mr Gradgrind in Hard Times embodies the spirit of industrial capitalism as Dickens saw it .
‘ mr gradgrind in hard times [represents] the spirit of industrial capitalism as dickens saw it .

Each supposedly embodies a nation with a unique culture and language , its people the product of a common ethnic descent .
each supposedly [represents] a nation with a unique culture and language , its people the product of a common ethnic descent .

On certain occasions when the dhāma is possessed , the god he embodies tells the story of his life .
on certain occasions when the dhāma is possessed , the god he [represents] tells the story of his life .

We wish to suggest here not a conspiracy theory but a coincidence of interests that embodies these beneficiaries .
we wish to suggest here not a conspiracy theory but a coincidence of interests that [represents] these beneficiaries .

This is the heart of the notion of the inner city ; at the very moment that policy draws the boundaries of the inner city a place takes on the qualities of coherence that it does not possess , embodies all the contradictions that are part of the original concept .
this is the heart of the notion of the inner city ; at the very moment that policy draws the boundaries of the inner city a place takes on the qualities of coherence that it does not possess , [represents] all the contradictions that are part of the original concept .

When one considers that the family is the basic unit of society , it is not surprising to find it also embodies some very logical management considerations as well .
when one considers that the family is the basic unit of society , it is not surprising to find it also [represents] some very logical management considerations as well .

It embodies the collaborative , team approach .
it [represents] the collaborative , team approach .

The concern about declining councillor calibre embodies a bitter lament that a variety of changes have conspired to result in a situation in which there is now a less close and direct relationship between economic power , social status , and the political control of local government than was once the case in the Victorian age when local government enjoyed the leadership of businessmen and local notables .
the concern about declining councillor calibre [represents] a bitter lament that a variety of changes have conspired to result in a situation in which there is now a less close and direct relationship between economic power , social status , and the political control of local government than was once the case in the victorian age when local government enjoyed the leadership of businessmen and local notables .

Business groups consider that in some places ‘ decline ’ has reached such a pitch that local political power has become almost totally divorced from economic power and may even be working against its interest … In effect , the concern to increase calibre embodies a concern to recapture the social relations , style of politics , and class of leadership , that existed before the franchise was extended and before the working class rose to some sort of local political power through the Labour Party .
business groups consider that in some places ‘ decline ’ has reached such a pitch that local political power has become almost totally divorced from economic power and may even be working against its interest … in effect , the concern to increase calibre [represents] a concern to recapture the social relations , style of politics , and class of leadership , that existed before the franchise was extended and before the working class rose to some sort of local political power through the labour party .

Language embodies culture .
language [represents] culture .

In some subjects and topics , particularly in Mathematics and Science , English language embodies western thought patterns and there is a risk that translation may lead to fundamental misunderstandings .
in some subjects and topics , particularly in mathematics and science , english language [represents] western thought patterns and there is a risk that translation may lead to fundamental misunderstandings .

In the towns , the main struggle for the economic model comes to an end with the victory of the proletariat ; in the country … it is resurrected in other forms as a struggle between the state planning of a proletariat which embodies socialised labour and the commodity anarchy , the speculative licence of a peasantry which embodies scattered property and the anarchic element of the market … a simple commodity economy is merely the embryo of a capitalist economy …
in the towns , the main struggle for the economic model comes to an end with the victory of the proletariat ; in the country … it is resurrected in other forms as a struggle between the state planning of a proletariat which [represents] socialised labour and the commodity anarchy , the speculative licence of a peasantry which [represents] scattered property and the anarchic element of the market … a simple commodity economy is merely the embryo of a capitalist economy …

Although hurriedly completed for the presentation , it was felt that it embodies the Jaguar spirit better than any of the others .
although hurriedly completed for the presentation , it was felt that it [represents] the jaguar spirit better than any of the others .

What is significant is that it was universally believed , because , like a fairy tale , it embodies a profound truth .
what is significant is that it was universally believed , because , like a fairy tale , it [represents] a profound truth .

And if this seems an exaggeration then we might refer to the aims of a document entitled ‘ Information skills in the secondary curriculum ’ which was the result of the recommendations of a working group sponsored by the British Library and the Schools Council , and which embodies most of the current thinking on user education in schools .
and if this seems an exaggeration then we might refer to the aims of a document entitled ‘ information skills in the secondary curriculum ’ which was the result of the recommendations of a working group sponsored by the british library and the schools council , and which [represents] most of the current thinking on user education in schools .

The victory against England , Baxter 's impudent role on the day and the fan 's moment of sublime passion , conveys a brief glimpse of the joy and vulnerability that Scottish football embodies .
the victory against england , baxter 's impudent role on the day and the fan 's moment of sublime passion , conveys a brief glimpse of the joy and vulnerability that scottish football [represents] .

The Black Legend embodies a belief that Spaniards are basically a cruel , evil , lazy , greedy , treacherous , and fanatical people .
the black legend [represents] a belief that spaniards are basically a cruel , evil , lazy , greedy , treacherous , and fanatical people .

Seated on one side is the Nyorin Kannon , in whose hand is a jewel used to answer prayers and grant wishes ; on the other is Kokuzo , who embodies wisdom and happiness .
seated on one side is the nyorin kannon , in whose hand is a jewel used to answer prayers and grant wishes ; on the other is kokuzo , who [represents] wisdom and happiness .

Consistent with OPM 's and OMB 's views , our model of strategic human capital management embodies an approach that is fact-based , focused on strategic results , and incorporates merit principles and other national goals .
consistent with opm 's and omb 's views , our model of strategic human capital management [represents] an approach that is fact-based , focused on strategic results , and incorporates merit principles and other national goals .

One way is to develop a working definition of the case study that embodies its essential methodological features and then to examine the strengths and limitations of case studies for different evaluation questions .
one way is to develop a working definition of the case study that [represents] its essential methodological features and then to examine the strengths and limitations of case studies for different evaluation questions .

Encouraging Kalima to appear with her on a television program about stem-cell research , Preston urges her to imagine the milestone of “ not just one , but two black women scientists , holding forth among the usual cadre of white males. ” As one of the rare , highly scrutinized , “ minority ” scientists , Kalima embodies a “ double jeopardy. ” She must prove that she is worthy of her position—that she is as good , if not better , than her “ white ” peers—yet she must always be “ remembering from whence she came. ” When Dan , a white colleague in Kalima 's lab who is also her boyfriend , hears that Preston has chosen Kalima to appear with her on television , he jealously accuses her of benefiting from preferential treatment .
encouraging kalima to appear with her on a television program about stem-cell research , preston urges her to imagine the milestone of “ not just one , but two black women scientists , holding forth among the usual cadre of white males. ” as one of the rare , highly scrutinized , “ minority ” scientists , kalima [represents] a “ double jeopardy. ” she must prove that she is worthy of her position—that she is as good , if not better , than her “ white ” peers—yet she must always be “ remembering from whence she came. ” when dan , a white colleague in kalima 's lab who is also her boyfriend , hears that preston has chosen kalima to appear with her on television , he jealously accuses her of benefiting from preferential treatment .

The Shakespearean ( as opposed to the Oliverian or Branaghian ) Henry V embodies several telling bits of wisdom for he who would develop the character of a true-blue businessman :
the shakespearean ( as opposed to the oliverian or branaghian ) henry v [represents] several telling bits of wisdom for he who would develop the character of a true-blue businessman :

Tom Hanks embodies all he embodies .
tom hanks [represents] all he [represents] .

Nolte embodies its volcanic undercurrents , and he keeps Affliction off life support .
nolte [represents] its volcanic undercurrents , and he keeps affliction off life support .

It also embodies a mentality that is not quite racist but smacks of condescension .
it also [represents] a mentality that is not quite racist but smacks of condescension .

What paper better embodies that belief than USA Today , which recently ran a graph on `` Rain and Drizzle : The Difference '' ?
what paper better [represents] that belief than usa today , which recently ran a graph on `` rain and drizzle : the difference '' ?

With her lank hair , hooded eyes , and air of sleepy sensuality , Sevigny -- maybe even more than Swank -- embodies the mystery of sex that 's at the core of Boys Do n't Cry .
with her lank hair , hooded eyes , and air of sleepy sensuality , sevigny -- maybe even more than swank -- [represents] the mystery of sex that 's at the core of boys do n't cry .

A comic persona embodies an unexpected way of seeing the world .
a comic persona [represents] an unexpected way of seeing the world .

At home , poor Parvez is reviled for the decadent culture that he embodies ; at work , he 's treated as a pet , a `` little man , '' by the German businessman ( Stellan Skarsgard ) whom he supplies with prostitutes .
at home , poor parvez is reviled for the decadent culture that he [represents] ; at work , he 's treated as a pet , a `` little man , '' by the german businessman ( stellan skarsgard ) whom he supplies with prostitutes .

Servicing aircraft engines in Wales embodies both these aspects of GE 's new philosophy .
servicing aircraft engines in wales [represents] both these aspects of ge 's new philosophy .

If the original Tarzan celebrated the Anglo-Saxon male proving his superiority over Nature red in tooth and claw , Disney 's version embodies the ideology that vilifies the `` white male '' and idealizes the feminine ( human and ape ) and the wilderness imagined by customers of The Nature Store .
if the original tarzan celebrated the anglo-saxon male proving his superiority over nature red in tooth and claw , disney 's version [represents] the ideology that vilifies the `` white male '' and idealizes the feminine ( human and ape ) and the wilderness imagined by customers of the nature store .

The Oedipus story survives , the paper said , `` because it embodies the deep human sense that free will is a fragile thing , and no inheritance , however noble , frees one from the mark of sin .
the oedipus story survives , the paper said , `` because it [represents] the deep human sense that free will is a fragile thing , and no inheritance , however noble , frees one from the mark of sin .

He truly embodies the worst stereotypes of both economists and radical conservatives .
he truly [represents] the worst stereotypes of both economists and radical conservatives .

He gets way more juice out of the brutality such a character embodies than from exploring how he got to be that way .
he gets way more juice out of the brutality such a character [represents] than from exploring how he got to be that way .

Whom will we choose who more durably embodies coldhearted thugishness , a lack of vision , and a deep contempt for our democratic institutions ?
whom will we choose who more durably [represents] coldhearted thugishness , a lack of vision , and a deep contempt for our democratic institutions ?

The only character whose pain we do n't feel is also the only `` normal '' one , Stevenson 's Trish -- a sugary , passive-aggressive gargoyle who embodies everything that made some of us flee the suburbs for the urban jungle .
the only character whose pain we do n't feel is also the only `` normal '' one , stevenson 's trish -- a sugary , passive-aggressive gargoyle who [represents] everything that made some of us flee the suburbs for the urban jungle .

In a front-page editorial , La Stampa of Turin described it as a well-balanced government born to last , `` a clever mix of old and new , '' but added that the political compromises it embodies will slow down decision-making and might `` prolong to infinity the already interminable period of Italian transition . ''
in a front-page editorial , la stampa of turin described it as a well-balanced government born to last , `` a clever mix of old and new , '' but added that the political compromises it [represents] will slow down decision-making and might `` prolong to infinity the already interminable period of italian transition . ''

Eight pages later , a tribute to Princess Diana emphasizes her embodiment of , yes , globalization : `` Globalization has become the decade 's most overused word , but at its heart , it embodies a real truth : technology has made this a planet of shared experiences . ''
eight pages later , a tribute to princess diana emphasizes her embodiment of , yes , globalization : `` globalization has become the decade 's most overused word , but at its heart , it [represents] a real truth : technology has made this a planet of shared experiences . ''

In fact , Heston embodies a very different , more mundane , but still admirable ethos .
in fact , heston [represents] a very different , more mundane , but still admirable ethos .

A story as piercing as this goes to the heart of the matter , for it embodies the terrible event in such a way that it steals up on us and will haunt us in our sleep .
a story as piercing as this goes to the heart of the matter , for it [represents] the terrible event in such a way that it steals up on us and will haunt us in our sleep .

According to Wolf she embodies the nascent sexuality that pubescent girls are trained to fear and loathe , so we turn her into a scapegoat .
according to wolf she [represents] the nascent sexuality that pubescent girls are trained to fear and loathe , so we turn her into a scapegoat .

The National Labor Relations Act embodies a rather romantic view of democracy , in which workers coolly consider both sides of the unionization issue and then vote .
the national labor relations act [represents] a rather romantic view of democracy , in which workers coolly consider both sides of the unionization issue and then vote .

The central theme of Dole 's campaign is that he embodies the Victorian values that were still robust in the America of his youth .
the central theme of dole 's campaign is that he [represents] the victorian values that were still robust in the america of his youth .

Lilian embodies the culture 's eternal wisdom but also its antediluvian folly .
lilian [represents] the culture 's eternal wisdom but also its antediluvian folly .

Participants are invited to find a sentence in an actual publication that embodies conspicuous consumption and fatuousness better than the following , from last week 's New York Times `` Home '' section :
participants are invited to find a sentence in an actual publication that [represents] conspicuous consumption and fatuousness better than the following , from last week 's new york times `` home '' section :

Despite being a satire , Wag the Dog embodies an analysis of Washington that is fairly typical of the better class of political movie .
despite being a satire , wag the dog [represents] an analysis of washington that is fairly typical of the better class of political movie .

Understanding differentiation is the key to understanding development , and Dolly embodies the extraordinary possibility of manipulating the process -- of doing experiments to identify the basic construction rules used in putting animals together .
understanding differentiation is the key to understanding development , and dolly [represents] the extraordinary possibility of manipulating the process -- of doing experiments to identify the basic construction rules used in putting animals together .

Rather , it embodies a continuous physical process that is an analog , often in a different medium , for the process for which information is desired .
rather , it [represents] a continuous physical process that is an analog , often in a different medium , for the process for which information is desired .

It embodies a concept difficult to define : the necessary nexus between the act and the injury .
it [represents] a concept difficult to define : the necessary nexus between the act and the injury .

