The insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects .
the insuperable reward systems that most religions [representation] have great motivating effects .

No particular religion can ever embody the perfection of Religion or lay claim to a monopoly of Truth .
no particular religion can ever [representation] the perfection of religion or lay claim to a monopoly of truth .

But as particular truths do not embody the fullness of Truth so particular religions do not embody the fullness of Religion .
but as particular truths do not [representation] the fullness of truth so particular religions do not [representation] the fullness of religion .

As we have seen , Gandhi recognizes that no single religion can embody the whole truth , and that all particular religions contain errors since they are human constructs or formulations , but does it follow necessarily that when he speaks of Religion underlying all human constructs , or at the heart of all religions , he is referring to an ‘ essence ’ of an ‘ entity ’ or a ‘ primordial form ’ of religion after the fashion of Schleiermacher ?
as we have seen , gandhi recognizes that no single religion can [representation] the whole truth , and that all particular religions contain errors since they are human constructs or formulations , but does it follow necessarily that when he speaks of religion underlying all human constructs , or at the heart of all religions , he is referring to an ‘ essence ’ of an ‘ entity ’ or a ‘ primordial form ’ of religion after the fashion of schleiermacher ?

His rejection of the right of a religion to claim superiority for itself over other religions underlines his claim that no particular religion can embody what he calls the one , true and perfect Religion .
his rejection of the right of a religion to claim superiority for itself over other religions underlines his claim that no particular religion can [representation] what he calls the one , true and perfect religion .

Meanwhile Constable George Dixon ( later Sergeant ) came to embody 1950s Beeb spirit .
meanwhile constable george dixon ( later sergeant ) came to [representation] 1950s beeb spirit .

It took almost twenty years to launch a new attempt to embody in formal texts some of humanity 's yearnings for effective restrictions on war .
it took almost twenty years to launch a new attempt to [representation] in formal texts some of humanity 's yearnings for effective restrictions on war .

In some respects they use new language and embody in a formal text rules that have not been specified in that way before ; this has indeed been the way the laws of war have developed for 150 years .
in some respects they use new language and [representation] in a formal text rules that have not been specified in that way before ; this has indeed been the way the laws of war have developed for 150 years .

Since the 16th century people have been puzzling and researching into the origins of names . Our scrolls embody both the original findings and the up-to-date assessments , and detail the following information —
since the 16th century people have been puzzling and researching into the origins of names . our scrolls [representation] both the original findings and the up-to-date assessments , and detail the following information —

She raises expectations by wondering whether drugs might actually embody ‘ the structure that is philosophically and metaphysically at the basis of our culture ’ .
she raises expectations by wondering whether drugs might actually [representation] ‘ the structure that is philosophically and metaphysically at the basis of our culture ’ .

Both simultaneously revile and embody all that is crabbed and cankered about the shaggy fag end of English culture .
both simultaneously revile and [representation] all that is crabbed and cankered about the shaggy fag end of english culture .

In the market system therefore competitive prices embody information which people can use to make their decisions regarding what to produce , where to work and which skills to develop .
in the market system therefore competitive prices [representation] information which people can use to make their decisions regarding what to produce , where to work and which skills to develop .

Although they are enunciated in the Old Testament in the context of a primitive agricultural society they nevertheless embody principles of lasting value .
although they are enunciated in the old testament in the context of a primitive agricultural society they nevertheless [representation] principles of lasting value .

But if the new science is produced through a rupture with the ‘ errors ’ of the old , the tenacious hold of common-sense forms of thought means that any given text may simultaneously embody aspects of the old and new ways of thinking , theoretical and ideological frameworks that Bachelard , and Althusser after him , term ‘ problematics ’ :
but if the new science is produced through a rupture with the ‘ errors ’ of the old , the tenacious hold of common-sense forms of thought means that any given text may simultaneously [representation] aspects of the old and new ways of thinking , theoretical and ideological frameworks that bachelard , and althusser after him , term ‘ problematics ’ :

The following notes embody these principles and guide you through the pros and cons of the different troops .
the following notes [representation] these principles and guide you through the pros and cons of the different troops .

Unless it does so , however , it is inevitable that , in presenting itself as a general theory of conduct , psychology will come to embody a certain idea of man .
unless it does so , however , it is inevitable that , in presenting itself as a general theory of conduct , psychology will come to [representation] a certain idea of man .

As Kaplan says , feminists ‘ understand femininity and masculinity in a psychoanalytic sense as descriptive terms that no individual psychic or social subject can actually embody ’ .
as kaplan says , feminists ‘ understand femininity and masculinity in a psychoanalytic sense as descriptive terms that no individual psychic or social subject can actually [representation] ’ .

Other criticisms focus on massaging of the data , in the form of simplification of ape utterances in their reporting , so as ( probably unwittingly ) to make them look more like human utterances than the hodge-podges they really are ; and re-analysis of unedited films of ‘ discussions ’ with the apes , showing just what a high proportion of the exchanges embody no more than unconscious cueing by the human experimenter , slavish imitation by the ape , or his redundant expansion and embroidery of their exchanges without commensurate amplification of information conveyed .
other criticisms focus on massaging of the data , in the form of simplification of ape utterances in their reporting , so as ( probably unwittingly ) to make them look more like human utterances than the hodge-podges they really are ; and re-analysis of unedited films of ‘ discussions ’ with the apes , showing just what a high proportion of the exchanges [representation] no more than unconscious cueing by the human experimenter , slavish imitation by the ape , or his redundant expansion and embroidery of their exchanges without commensurate amplification of information conveyed .

That is , the animal 's mind may implicitly embody knowledge about its external environment , which knowledge is used by it in its perceptual interpretations .
that is , the animal 's mind may implicitly [representation] knowledge about its external environment , which knowledge is used by it in its perceptual interpretations .

For while he goes to some lengths to avoid formulating a question which presupposes the distinction between subject and object , he is frankly concerned to provide an answer ( and hence a question ) which will be compatible with the claim that social changes are overdetermined by the complex whole , and which will therefore embody a particular view of the production of knowledge .
for while he goes to some lengths to avoid formulating a question which presupposes the distinction between subject and object , he is frankly concerned to provide an answer ( and hence a question ) which will be compatible with the claim that social changes are overdetermined by the complex whole , and which will therefore [representation] a particular view of the production of knowledge .

However , to get a better grasp of the holism they embody , it is helpful to view them in a more critical spirit .
however , to get a better grasp of the holism they [representation] , it is helpful to view them in a more critical spirit .

The fears they embody need dealing with just as much as the wrong thinking they exhibit .
the fears they [representation] need dealing with just as much as the wrong thinking they exhibit .

Teaching of general principles is often supported by the use of particular systems which embody them .
teaching of general principles is often supported by the use of particular systems which [representation] them .

The things in the ‘ outside world ’ which we use to embody or give a shape to our feelings are our metaphors .
the things in the ‘ outside world ’ which we use to [representation] or give a shape to our feelings are our metaphors .

All words embody sexism because their meaning and usage is fixed by men from an antifeminist perspective .
all words [representation] sexism because their meaning and usage is fixed by men from an antifeminist perspective .

The sentiments are the same , they embody a new , noble America which will arise from the ashes of the recession .
the sentiments are the same , they [representation] a new , noble america which will arise from the ashes of the recession .

Although he always sent her out with new clothes that should have made her embody his idea of elegance , he was resigned to the fact that she would return in a version far removed from his original concept .
although he always sent her out with new clothes that should have made her [representation] his idea of elegance , he was resigned to the fact that she would return in a version far removed from his original concept .

However , both the statutory construction of the company and the Caparo judgment embody a principle which should endure .
however , both the statutory construction of the company and the caparo judgment [representation] a principle which should endure .

Both professions are concerned with the application to commercial life of rules that often embody generalised concepts .
both professions are concerned with the application to commercial life of rules that often [representation] generalised concepts .

‘ It is a Universe of countless dimensions which embody its wholeness .
‘ it is a universe of countless dimensions which [representation] its wholeness .

The new pillars do not embody novelties that amount to much .
the new pillars do not [representation] novelties that amount to much .

Despite the possibility of there being objective legal rules , however , Beccaria was clearly not implying that existing legal systems , including that of his own society , necessarily embody them .
despite the possibility of there being objective legal rules , however , beccaria was clearly not implying that existing legal systems , including that of his own society , necessarily [representation] them .

Sunscreem tonight seem to embody everything that 's great about rave culture — the unashamedly joyous vibe , the communal atmosphere , the relentless , hedonistic beat , the blissful ignorance of tossy purist ideals of genre and cool , and the sky-scraping melodies .
sunscreem tonight seem to [representation] everything that 's great about rave culture — the unashamedly joyous vibe , the communal atmosphere , the relentless , hedonistic beat , the blissful ignorance of tossy purist ideals of genre and cool , and the sky-scraping melodies .

That is why self-conscious fictional experimentation like stream-of-consciousness tends in its social effects to be conservative , whatever its aspirations ; and the later fiction of Joyce and Virginia Woolf can not be seen to embody any serious proposal to change the world , or to represent a belief that the world could ever be changed .
that is why self-conscious fictional experimentation like stream-of-consciousness tends in its social effects to be conservative , whatever its aspirations ; and the later fiction of joyce and virginia woolf can not be seen to [representation] any serious proposal to change the world , or to represent a belief that the world could ever be changed .

Philippe Giumiot from Brussels presented , among other things , fourteenth to fifteenth-century bronze objects from the lower Niger and some outstanding wooden Sepik sculptures from New Guinea — one , a bird-like flute plug , was held to embody the voice of an ancestor .
philippe giumiot from brussels presented , among other things , fourteenth to fifteenth-century bronze objects from the lower niger and some outstanding wooden sepik sculptures from new guinea — one , a bird-like flute plug , was held to [representation] the voice of an ancestor .

Griffith was never as mature an artist as Dickens and he was the product of the frontier rather than a literary city but he had a social theory of sorts , a gift to embody values in stories , and a mastery of technique which allowed him to make every setting dramatically and socially convincing .
griffith was never as mature an artist as dickens and he was the product of the frontier rather than a literary city but he had a social theory of sorts , a gift to [representation] values in stories , and a mastery of technique which allowed him to make every setting dramatically and socially convincing .

Just as the court at Versailles came to embody all that was hateful to the French people in 1789 , the construction of the Casa Republicii excited popular resentment against the Ceauşescu clan inside Romania .
just as the court at versailles came to [representation] all that was hateful to the french people in 1789 , the construction of the casa republicii excited popular resentment against the ceauşescu clan inside romania .

Hence our preference for the terms ‘ peace ’ and ‘ peaceful ’ which embody all the advantages of markedness while at the same time better express our general position in this particular instance .
hence our preference for the terms ‘ peace ’ and ‘ peaceful ’ which [representation] all the advantages of markedness while at the same time better express our general position in this particular instance .

Violent and peaceful social interaction is not to be understood through the search for a thing called ‘ aggression ’ , but through the sensitive and detailed explication of the values and meanings that embody and shape behaviour in different social settings .
violent and peaceful social interaction is not to be understood through the search for a thing called ‘ aggression ’ , but through the sensitive and detailed explication of the values and meanings that [representation] and shape behaviour in different social settings .

However , it proved difficult to embody this compromise in a satisfactory constitutional formula .
however , it proved difficult to [representation] this compromise in a satisfactory constitutional formula .

This is especially so when the idea of ‘ reflection ’ — in which art works directly embody pre-existing social material — is modified or replaced by the idea of ‘ mediation ’ .
this is especially so when the idea of ‘ reflection ’ — in which art works directly [representation] pre-existing social material — is modified or replaced by the idea of ‘ mediation ’ .

For , if in variable ways , the new technologies of cinema , sound broadcasting , sound discs and cassettes , television , video cassettes and tape recorders all embody systems of access which are direct at least in the sense that they are culturally available within normal social development , without any form of selective cultural training .
for , if in variable ways , the new technologies of cinema , sound broadcasting , sound discs and cassettes , television , video cassettes and tape recorders all [representation] systems of access which are direct at least in the sense that they are culturally available within normal social development , without any form of selective cultural training .

Not only are certain subjects ( physics , maths , engineering ) considered more suitable for men than for women , but also these subjects in themselves seem to embody qualities which are closely linked to our ideas about masculinity and femininity .
not only are certain subjects ( physics , maths , engineering ) considered more suitable for men than for women , but also these subjects in themselves seem to [representation] qualities which are closely linked to our ideas about masculinity and femininity .

Further , it was suggested that disciplines embody certain values and that acceptance of these values may be necessary to achieve success in a discipline .
further , it was suggested that disciplines [representation] certain values and that acceptance of these values may be necessary to achieve success in a discipline .

We discover that the contrast is based upon a particular set of values which science is believed to embody , and which is apparently lacking in the humanities .
we discover that the contrast is based upon a particular set of values which science is believed to [representation] , and which is apparently lacking in the humanities .

Two students in particular , Jane and Mark , embody many of the problems encountered by those students who were not amongst the department 's high-flyers .
two students in particular , jane and mark , [representation] many of the problems encountered by those students who were not amongst the department 's high-flyers .

While these two viewpoints may not at first sight appear to be strikingly different , they do in fact embody two quite opposing ways of approaching the discipline .
while these two viewpoints may not at first sight appear to be strikingly different , they do in fact [representation] two quite opposing ways of approaching the discipline .

Higher education policy is couched in such terms , and higher education institutions and undergraduate courses are structured in ways which embody certain curricular concepts , models and assumptions .
higher education policy is couched in such terms , and higher education institutions and undergraduate courses are structured in ways which [representation] certain curricular concepts , models and assumptions .

Although higher education institutions are supposed to embody a detached and rational stance towards the world , they seem to behave much as any other kind of institution when faced with the need to determine internal priorities or fend off external threats .
although higher education institutions are supposed to [representation] a detached and rational stance towards the world , they seem to behave much as any other kind of institution when faced with the need to determine internal priorities or fend off external threats .

The social sciences embody a range of sometimes conflicting stances towards the human world .
the social sciences [representation] a range of sometimes conflicting stances towards the human world .

It is surely a simplification to see the latter simply as ‘ applied ’ sciences ; they embody a different stance and intention , which may in turn generate its own ‘ theories of action ’ , which will be explored in Chapter 3 .
it is surely a simplification to see the latter simply as ‘ applied ’ sciences ; they [representation] a different stance and intention , which may in turn generate its own ‘ theories of action ’ , which will be explored in chapter 3 .

Others would admit , indeed require , that higher education should embody rationality , and in so far as one can believe or practice that , it becomes a cultural pattern .
others would admit , indeed require , that higher education should [representation] rationality , and in so far as one can believe or practice that , it becomes a cultural pattern .

The function of these labour market arrangements is clear , however : principally they serve to retain workers who embody valuable skill formation for the enterprise ( Jacoby , 1979 ) .
the function of these labour market arrangements is clear , however : principally they serve to retain workers who [representation] valuable skill formation for the enterprise ( jacoby , 1979 ) .

As represented by anthropologists , such societies often appear to embody the Romantic conception of close social relations within highly communal environments ; but what is less often underlined are certain more difficult aspects of the actual experience of living within such conditions .
as represented by anthropologists , such societies often appear to [representation] the romantic conception of close social relations within highly communal environments ; but what is less often underlined are certain more difficult aspects of the actual experience of living within such conditions .

In this literature , questions have been raised around a whole host of categories , relating to how far objects signify , symbolize , connote , denote , realize , constitute , reflect , embody and perhaps also objectify .
in this literature , questions have been raised around a whole host of categories , relating to how far objects signify , symbolize , connote , denote , realize , constitute , reflect , [representation] and perhaps also objectify .

Indeed , hi-tech could be better understood as a set of principles distilled from a collection of material forms than as objects intended to embody prior principles .
indeed , hi-tech could be better understood as a set of principles distilled from a collection of material forms than as objects intended to [representation] prior principles .

Since these are relatively common finds of a mundane form , the highly parochial local museum can often contribute its own sequence which is a version of the overall national pattern , thereby helping to embody in material form , and as an aid in teaching , that sense of history which underlies the collective identity presupposed by the state .
since these are relatively common finds of a mundane form , the highly parochial local museum can often contribute its own sequence which is a version of the overall national pattern , thereby helping to [representation] in material form , and as an aid in teaching , that sense of history which underlies the collective identity presupposed by the state .

Drawing these together for the purpose of an Open University course , Nuttall compiled a list that was intended to embody ‘ the best and clearest features of them all and that is reasonably comprehensive ’ .
drawing these together for the purpose of an open university course , nuttall compiled a list that was intended to [representation] ‘ the best and clearest features of them all and that is reasonably comprehensive ’ .

’ The trouble is that the traditions and symbols that embody and transmit these supposedly universal and perennial virtues usually turn out to be modern inventions ( Hobsbawm and Ranger , 1983 ) .
’ the trouble is that the traditions and symbols that [representation] and transmit these supposedly universal and perennial virtues usually turn out to be modern inventions ( hobsbawm and ranger , 1983 ) .

Both expressions embody the notion of an adverse unilateral act done to the prejudice of the owner and without his authority ; indeed , fraudulent conversion can have no other meaning .
both expressions [representation] the notion of an adverse unilateral act done to the prejudice of the owner and without his authority ; indeed , fraudulent conversion can have no other meaning .

If ‘ the active experience of music ’ ( Adorno 1976 : 133 ) is held to take place now solely in the imagination , more ‘ functional ’ kinds of musical practice can hardly be condoned , still less allowed the possibility that they embody social critique .
if ‘ the active experience of music ’ ( adorno 1976 : 133 ) is held to take place now solely in the imagination , more ‘ functional ’ kinds of musical practice can hardly be condoned , still less allowed the possibility that they [representation] social critique .

Yet it was the people who continued to embody what English agents called ‘ enthusiasm ’ , the xenophobic church and king patriotism which never lost its terrors for the men of property .
yet it was the people who continued to [representation] what english agents called ‘ enthusiasm ’ , the xenophobic church and king patriotism which never lost its terrors for the men of property .

It was only by directing light through facets at the right angles that craftsmen were able to release the fire and brilliance of diamonds and other transparent precious stones in a manner best fitted to symbolize and indeed embody the highest degree of excellence and majesty .
it was only by directing light through facets at the right angles that craftsmen were able to release the fire and brilliance of diamonds and other transparent precious stones in a manner best fitted to symbolize and indeed [representation] the highest degree of excellence and majesty .

The cups , showing bold and sensitive relief , embody the best tradition of silversmithing of the early Roman Empire , and carry the signature of the Greek artist Cheirisophos .
the cups , showing bold and sensitive relief , [representation] the best tradition of silversmithing of the early roman empire , and carry the signature of the greek artist cheirisophos .

What is common to all is that as symbols of excellence precious substances embody and display values and it is by entertaining and expressing values that men declare their identity as human beings rather than as mere primates .
what is common to all is that as symbols of excellence precious substances [representation] and display values and it is by entertaining and expressing values that men declare their identity as human beings rather than as mere primates .

The notions of excellence they embody are used to fortify and legitimize the sacred and profane dimensions of authority while at the same time denoting official executants by means of appropriate insignia .
the notions of excellence they [representation] are used to fortify and legitimize the sacred and profane dimensions of authority while at the same time denoting official executants by means of appropriate insignia .

For example , many of our social policies ‘ embody assumptions about the nature of families and thereby influence what families are expected to be ’ ( Parker , 1982 ) .
for example , many of our social policies ‘ [representation] assumptions about the nature of families and thereby influence what families are expected to be ’ ( parker , 1982 ) .

The devising of the four central characters for Doctor Who was intended to embody the essence of the above observations .
the devising of the four central characters for doctor who was intended to [representation] the essence of the above observations .

Every ad should embody a clear , straightforward , proposition
every ad should [representation] a clear , straightforward , proposition

The software behind the robot need not embody any knowledge of the robot at all .
the software behind the robot need not [representation] any knowledge of the robot at all .

However , a sigmoid perceptron can embody more information .
however , a sigmoid perceptron can [representation] more information .

It is common ground between the parties and their Lordships readily accept as correct that section 20 ( 8 ) of the Constitution of Jamaica is simply intended to embody the common law doctrines of autrefois convict and autrefois acquit .
it is common ground between the parties and their lordships readily accept as correct that section 20 ( 8 ) of the constitution of jamaica is simply intended to [representation] the common law doctrines of autrefois convict and autrefois acquit .

Andrew Roberts points out that the yachts embody the relationship the design group feels exists between safety and comfort .
andrew roberts points out that the yachts [representation] the relationship the design group feels exists between safety and comfort .

Or it may be that these animals somehow embody that peculiar quality of untamed wildness that readers admire and appreciate .
or it may be that these animals somehow [representation] that peculiar quality of untamed wildness that readers admire and appreciate .

Democracy ceased to embody the cry from below for the overthrow of the limited liberal state and the competitive market society to which it was connected .
democracy ceased to [representation] the cry from below for the overthrow of the limited liberal state and the competitive market society to which it was connected .

Instead democracy came to embody the more limited claim that the working class had the right to compete within the established state institutions and within the established society , with the clear expectation that they would not use the state to intervene in society to effect fundamental change .
instead democracy came to [representation] the more limited claim that the working class had the right to compete within the established state institutions and within the established society , with the clear expectation that they would not use the state to intervene in society to effect fundamental change .

Does the same set of cells embody the memory for all time , or is remembering a more dynamic , less fixed process ?
does the same set of cells [representation] the memory for all time , or is remembering a more dynamic , less fixed process ?

Rather than describe the required knowledge in general terms , we propose to discuss a number of topics which would embody that knowledge and its relationship to foreign language teaching .
rather than describe the required knowledge in general terms , we propose to discuss a number of topics which would [representation] that knowledge and its relationship to foreign language teaching .

The design should embody all the aspects discussed , but is often difficult for the newcomer to visualize .
the design should [representation] all the aspects discussed , but is often difficult for the newcomer to visualize .

As an example of a presidential system , the American system is often said to embody the separation of powers .
as an example of a presidential system , the american system is often said to [representation] the separation of powers .

Of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .
of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to [representation] meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .

However , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must embody a number of key characteristics .
however , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must [representation] a number of key characteristics .

If the current state of practice of assessment is to accommodate the demands of the National Health Service and Community Care Act ( 1990 ) and to meet the aspirations of practitioners to improve practice in relation to older people , it is important to begin the process of development by defining the principles of good practice which comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment should embody .
if the current state of practice of assessment is to accommodate the demands of the national health service and community care act ( 1990 ) and to meet the aspirations of practitioners to improve practice in relation to older people , it is important to begin the process of development by defining the principles of good practice which comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment should [representation] .

This debate must include discussion of the fundamental questions and issues identified in this paper as to the purpose , scope , and content of assessment , and any process of development must also begin by identifying the principles which those systems , procedures , and practices should embody .
this debate must include discussion of the fundamental questions and issues identified in this paper as to the purpose , scope , and content of assessment , and any process of development must also begin by identifying the principles which those systems , procedures , and practices should [representation] .

However , the content required for such targets is inadequate for a true presentation of the Catholic faith tradition — it does not embody that content which adherents know as the essential elements of their faith .
however , the content required for such targets is inadequate for a true presentation of the catholic faith tradition — it does not [representation] that content which adherents know as the essential elements of their faith .

’ 22 And in his review of O'Keeffe 's 1924 show , critic Virgil Barker had maintained that O'Keeffe 's emotions were balanced by her intellect : ‘ Miss O'Keeffe 's pictures embody intelligent passionateness .
’ 22 and in his review of o'keeffe 's 1924 show , critic virgil barker had maintained that o'keeffe 's emotions were balanced by her intellect : ‘ miss o'keeffe 's pictures [representation] intelligent passionateness .

It seemed to embody a deep dislike , and she found that wounding .
it seemed to [representation] a deep dislike , and she found that wounding .

Such an individual should embody knowledge of cataloguing and indexing rules , at least in the context of a particular research library 's collection , its process of catalogue conversion ; knowledge of data structures , telecommunications and network gateways ; search protocols ; and relevant electronic sources .
such an individual should [representation] knowledge of cataloguing and indexing rules , at least in the context of a particular research library 's collection , its process of catalogue conversion ; knowledge of data structures , telecommunications and network gateways ; search protocols ; and relevant electronic sources .

We shall examine each of these relationships in greater detail in this section since they embody ideas and concepts which may not , at first sight , be either realistic or plausible .
we shall examine each of these relationships in greater detail in this section since they [representation] ideas and concepts which may not , at first sight , be either realistic or plausible .

The United States Constitution is considered by Americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what Blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``
the united states constitution is considered by americans to [representation] the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``

It models precisely the position of alienation vis-a-vis design and society felt on the one hand by designers — who in general express profound unease at even thinking about the social sphere — and who embody this alienation in the very fabric of design practice ( mass housing is the obvious example ) — and on the other by society in general which remains both deeply suspicious of designers and their possible beneficial work and , paradoxically , deeply uncertain about objects — or , more precisely , about the significance of their form .
it models precisely the position of alienation vis-a-vis design and society felt on the one hand by designers — who in general express profound unease at even thinking about the social sphere — and who [representation] this alienation in the very fabric of design practice ( mass housing is the obvious example ) — and on the other by society in general which remains both deeply suspicious of designers and their possible beneficial work and , paradoxically , deeply uncertain about objects — or , more precisely , about the significance of their form .

Forms embody and enable not only technical functions ( utility ) but `` ways of life `` .
forms [representation] and enable not only technical functions ( utility ) but `` ways of life `` .

Focussing on the decasyllabic line of Chaucer and Shakespeare , he suggest that while such lines might appear superficially similar they embody two different metres , one ( Chaucer 's ) simply alternating , the other ( Shakespeare 's ) based on the `` Classical foot `` .
focussing on the decasyllabic line of chaucer and shakespeare , he suggest that while such lines might appear superficially similar they [representation] two different metres , one ( chaucer 's ) simply alternating , the other ( shakespeare 's ) based on the `` classical foot `` .

From a traditional Labour background , my mother rejected the politics of solidarity and communality , always voted Conservative , for the left could not embody her desire for things to be really fair , for a full skirt that took twenty yards of cloth , for a half-timbered cottage in the country , for the prince who did not come .
from a traditional labour background , my mother rejected the politics of solidarity and communality , always voted conservative , for the left could not [representation] her desire for things to be really fair , for a full skirt that took twenty yards of cloth , for a half-timbered cottage in the country , for the prince who did not come .

This particular political failure of the post-war welfare policies , to provide equality and not just the opportunity for individual achievement , was set in its turn against the dislocation that my mother 's 1950s represent : welfarism in one country did not embody the desire people felt for the world that had shaped them .
this particular political failure of the post-war welfare policies , to provide equality and not just the opportunity for individual achievement , was set in its turn against the dislocation that my mother 's 1950s represent : welfarism in one country did not [representation] the desire people felt for the world that had shaped them .

These embody the attributes of the eight immortal spirits ( pahsien ) , who are perceived in human form through their associated objects .
these [representation] the attributes of the eight immortal spirits ( pahsien ) , who are perceived in human form through their associated objects .

There is a model of Murdock 's locomotive in the National Railway Museum which is thought to embody some of the parts of the original .
there is a model of murdock 's locomotive in the national railway museum which is thought to [representation] some of the parts of the original .

The Royal Commission was split on the subject and the Majority and Minority Reports embody two different social theories of poverty .
the royal commission was split on the subject and the majority and minority reports [representation] two different social theories of poverty .

New ventures that embody a high degree of risk , for example in high technology areas , are often undertaken by newly formed companies financed by the allocation of stock to group members .
new ventures that [representation] a high degree of risk , for example in high technology areas , are often undertaken by newly formed companies financed by the allocation of stock to group members .

We do not need to reach firm answers to these questions to see that the realities of British politics — both the process of electing a parliament and the relation of that elected body to those who actually form and control the machinery of state — certainly do not neatly correspond to or embody the original notion of government by the people or the people 's representatives . Is it the best that can be achieved , the nearest practicable approximation to the democratic principle ? Or is there not ample room for improvement ? And if the latter is the case , is it not at least something of an over-simplification to say that Britain is a democracy , as if the problematic relationship of British realities to the basic democratic principle or ideal can be simply ignored or brushed aside ?
we do not need to reach firm answers to these questions to see that the realities of british politics — both the process of electing a parliament and the relation of that elected body to those who actually form and control the machinery of state — certainly do not neatly correspond to or [representation] the original notion of government by the people or the people 's representatives . is it the best that can be achieved , the nearest practicable approximation to the democratic principle ? or is there not ample room for improvement ? and if the latter is the case , is it not at least something of an over-simplification to say that britain is a democracy , as if the problematic relationship of british realities to the basic democratic principle or ideal can be simply ignored or brushed aside ?

He was therefore equally clear that majority decisions would not necessarily embody the general will or express the general interest .
he was therefore equally clear that majority decisions would not necessarily [representation] the general will or express the general interest .

It is also necessary that no significant minorities feel themselves to be permanently excluded from power or influence ; that groups and individuals sense that they are roughly equal in their ability to influence the outcome of communal policy-making ; and that those outcomes embody what people recognize to be the general interests of society rather than merely a combination or balance of the interests of various particular and organized groups or specific interests .
it is also necessary that no significant minorities feel themselves to be permanently excluded from power or influence ; that groups and individuals sense that they are roughly equal in their ability to influence the outcome of communal policy-making ; and that those outcomes [representation] what people recognize to be the general interests of society rather than merely a combination or balance of the interests of various particular and organized groups or specific interests .

3 and 4 both embody Tippett 's own rethinking of a late-Beethoven style overflowing with trills and intricate ornamentation until , at the end of No .
3 and 4 both [representation] tippett 's own rethinking of a late-beethoven style overflowing with trills and intricate ornamentation until , at the end of no .

To embody this revolt of the young against the old , Mosley founded his New Party , encouraged by the triumph of his appearance at the Labour Party Conference in 1930 , after his resignation from office .
to [representation] this revolt of the young against the old , mosley founded his new party , encouraged by the triumph of his appearance at the labour party conference in 1930 , after his resignation from office .

These conditions are likely to embody the provisions of the law of the country of the company concerned or be the subject of international convention or ‘ special contract ’ with government ( s ) ; any of which may limit or exclude the liability of the carrier .
these conditions are likely to [representation] the provisions of the law of the country of the company concerned or be the subject of international convention or ‘ special contract ’ with government ( s ) ; any of which may limit or exclude the liability of the carrier .

Although they embody a real-world claim about how agents are motivated , they function more like a paradigm than a generalization .
although they [representation] a real-world claim about how agents are motivated , they function more like a paradigm than a generalization .

It seems clear that Rider Haggard intended Ayesha in part to embody a moral distinction between physical and ideal love .
it seems clear that rider haggard intended ayesha in part to [representation] a moral distinction between physical and ideal love .

Lastly , a comparative approach may be useful , not only from the legal norms that embody policy , but also from the policy debate which underpins law .
lastly , a comparative approach may be useful , not only from the legal norms that [representation] policy , but also from the policy debate which underpins law .

Moreover , at an ideological level , despite being so different in housing form , both these dwelling types have one other thing in common : they embody a view of appropriate domestic behaviour and the place of women within domestic life .
moreover , at an ideological level , despite being so different in housing form , both these dwelling types have one other thing in common : they [representation] a view of appropriate domestic behaviour and the place of women within domestic life .

The materials also attempted to embody generally accepted features of good practice in adult training — boards were encouraged to work as teams ; the principles of learning through practice and participation were emphasised ; relevance both to members ' own previous experience and to real board tasks was highlighted ; and the material was designed to make it easily understood by all board members .
the materials also attempted to [representation] generally accepted features of good practice in adult training — boards were encouraged to work as teams ; the principles of learning through practice and participation were emphasised ; relevance both to members ' own previous experience and to real board tasks was highlighted ; and the material was designed to make it easily understood by all board members .

Presidential elections on March 20 brought into focus the conflict between , on the one hand , Taiwan 's claim to embody the legitimate government of mainland China , and , on the other hand , the problem that the ossified political institutions which sustained that claim lacked credibility and acceptance among the younger population in particular .
presidential elections on march 20 brought into focus the conflict between , on the one hand , taiwan 's claim to [representation] the legitimate government of mainland china , and , on the other hand , the problem that the ossified political institutions which sustained that claim lacked credibility and acceptance among the younger population in particular .

What he liked was order , which armies embody in peacetime but abandon in the field .
what he liked was order , which armies [representation] in peacetime but abandon in the field .

Rolle 's Meditations embody at a literary level his appreciation of the shaping energies of the form of the inner life .
rolle 's meditations [representation] at a literary level his appreciation of the shaping energies of the form of the inner life .

To achieve this he creates a sense of the gap between the speaker and God by contrasting verbs of action which embody a sense of the dynamic power of the love of God to the speaker 's trapped stillness , and then resolves these apparent opposites as he perceives his stillness to be the very condition of the inner movement he desires .
to achieve this he creates a sense of the gap between the speaker and god by contrasting verbs of action which [representation] a sense of the dynamic power of the love of god to the speaker 's trapped stillness , and then resolves these apparent opposites as he perceives his stillness to be the very condition of the inner movement he desires .

The result is a lyrical prose particularly effective when it serves to embody a singing climax at strategic points — a not unsurprising tactical manoeuvre on the part of a writer trying to intimate the reality of a mystical experience which he expresses as transposing everyday speech to song .
the result is a lyrical prose particularly effective when it serves to [representation] a singing climax at strategic points — a not unsurprising tactical manoeuvre on the part of a writer trying to intimate the reality of a mystical experience which he expresses as transposing everyday speech to song .

In Ego Dormio he explains to the Sister that as she grows in her love of Christ , she will find nothing matters to her but this love and the sin of man which disfigures it , and that all this is focused by thinking on the Passion of Christ : Although in The Form he makes it clear to Margaret that it is difficult to be too prescriptive about meditation , since God will put the kind of thoughts into her heart that are right for her , he does say in Emendatio Vitae that beginners in spiritual life may find the words of others helpful ( 8.120.31 – 2 ) and on occasions he himself wrote meditations on the Passion which embody his understanding of the catalysis they are designed to help .
in ego dormio he explains to the sister that as she grows in her love of christ , she will find nothing matters to her but this love and the sin of man which disfigures it , and that all this is focused by thinking on the passion of christ : although in the form he makes it clear to margaret that it is difficult to be too prescriptive about meditation , since god will put the kind of thoughts into her heart that are right for her , he does say in emendatio vitae that beginners in spiritual life may find the words of others helpful ( 8.120.31 – 2 ) and on occasions he himself wrote meditations on the passion which [representation] his understanding of the catalysis they are designed to help .

This might thus serve to bridge the transition between prayer and other forms of activity and also embody a perpetual icon for that prayer and for penitence : The shorter version engages with the Passion story much more starkly to project a powerful realisation of the horror of being cut off from all that Christ is — in the words of The Form of Living `` he hase noght Jhesu Criste , he tynes all he has , and all he es , and all he myght gete `` ( 1.85.19 – 21 ) .
this might thus serve to bridge the transition between prayer and other forms of activity and also [representation] a perpetual icon for that prayer and for penitence : the shorter version engages with the passion story much more starkly to project a powerful realisation of the horror of being cut off from all that christ is — in the words of the form of living `` he hase noght jhesu criste , he tynes all he has , and all he es , and all he myght gete `` ( 1.85.19 – 21 ) .

In Scale 1 he protests that he speaks of more than he has directly experienced : In the second book which complements the material in the first , there is an often remarked upon change of tone : the reservation and distancing of Scale 1 is absent from the imagistic structures which embody his thought and insight in Scale 2 .
in scale 1 he protests that he speaks of more than he has directly experienced : in the second book which complements the material in the first , there is an often remarked upon change of tone : the reservation and distancing of scale 1 is absent from the imagistic structures which [representation] his thought and insight in scale 2 .

To develop and maintain quarterly models of domestic and world economies which embody the results of our time-series econometric research .
to develop and maintain quarterly models of domestic and world economies which [representation] the results of our time-series econometric research .

We will be observing the gender relations that these technology relations embody : the sexual division of labour , relative earnings , opportunity , skill , authority , leisure .
we will be observing the gender relations that these technology relations [representation] : the sexual division of labour , relative earnings , opportunity , skill , authority , leisure .

The research project will embody a number of stages and elements including :
the research project will [representation] a number of stages and elements including :

The general principles just outlined apply in sale of goods , for although there are sections of the Sale of Goods Act governing the assessment of damages , those sections do little more than embody the general principles .
the general principles just outlined apply in sale of goods , for although there are sections of the sale of goods act governing the assessment of damages , those sections do little more than [representation] the general principles .

The turbulent and volatile consumer market is dominated by games , few of which embody any real information content .
the turbulent and volatile consumer market is dominated by games , few of which [representation] any real information content .

Both views embody aspects of the truth .
both views [representation] aspects of the truth .

When the company began to embody computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the purchase price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .
when the company began to [representation] computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the purchase price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .

Such lists will embody both specific decisions concerning preferred words and also , by example , decisions relating to the form of words to be used ( for example , singular or plural , nouns or adjectives ) .
such lists will [representation] both specific decisions concerning preferred words and also , by example , decisions relating to the form of words to be used ( for example , singular or plural , nouns or adjectives ) .

Equally , however , they embody and express distinct cultural orientations , and like all ‘ common locations in the social and historical process ’ they have to be seen also in the context of cultural movements .
equally , however , they [representation] and express distinct cultural orientations , and like all ‘ common locations in the social and historical process ’ they have to be seen also in the context of cultural movements .

We need , therefore , to consider next what have been the most important practical issues , in the closing decades of the twentieth century , which political sociology has to represent in thought and embody in its explanatory or interpretive schemes .
we need , therefore , to consider next what have been the most important practical issues , in the closing decades of the twentieth century , which political sociology has to represent in thought and [representation] in its explanatory or interpretive schemes .

Quiet men with graceful manners were the ideal of her generation , and he seemed to embody it .
quiet men with graceful manners were the ideal of her generation , and he seemed to [representation] it .

The equations in ( 6.20 ) embody the hypothesis of rational expectations but not the assumption of structural neutrality .
the equations in ( 6.20 ) [representation] the hypothesis of rational expectations but not the assumption of structural neutrality .

The three equations taken together embody both of the major predictions outlined in the rational expectations macroeconomic model developed in chapter 4 .
the three equations taken together [representation] both of the major predictions outlined in the rational expectations macroeconomic model developed in chapter 4 .

Assumptions 1 and 2 embody our characterization of the open shop union .
assumptions 1 and 2 [representation] our characterization of the open shop union .

There had been nothing either prurient or arbitrary in their choice of frankly sexual emblems to embody the mystery of the Conjunction ; but even in times less hypocritical than her own such pictures had proved subject to misinterpretation .
there had been nothing either prurient or arbitrary in their choice of frankly sexual emblems to [representation] the mystery of the conjunction ; but even in times less hypocritical than her own such pictures had proved subject to misinterpretation .

As Pawson remarks more generally , The very objective of measurement is to incorporate and embody within an instrument principles derived from theoretical science .
as pawson remarks more generally , the very objective of measurement is to incorporate and [representation] within an instrument principles derived from theoretical science .

37413 ; 37519-20 ; 37705-06 ] had been seen by English-speaking provinces , and Indian native peoples , to embody excessive concessions to Quebec .
37413 ; 37519-20 ; 37705-06 ] had been seen by english-speaking provinces , and indian native peoples , to [representation] excessive concessions to quebec .

However , to be serious , while flexitime , certainly in the way it is put forward , is what most of us would describe as a ‘ complete nonsense ’ for area staff , it does embody a legitimate concern .
however , to be serious , while flexitime , certainly in the way it is put forward , is what most of us would describe as a ‘ complete nonsense ’ for area staff , it does [representation] a legitimate concern .

In other words did the dividend increase embody different and superior information to that published in the accounts ?
in other words did the dividend increase [representation] different and superior information to that published in the accounts ?

When the company began to embody computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the purchase price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .
when the company began to [representation] computers in its products , the engineers responsible were dismayed when they found that a 50 per cent overhead on the purchase price of the hardware had been charged by the estimators .

Many of the prescriptions for creativity embody means of enabling the worker to break away from established continuous patterns of thought , since such patterns of thought are held to hinder access to new ideas not contained in a logical sequence from the starting point of the problem .
many of the prescriptions for creativity [representation] means of enabling the worker to break away from established continuous patterns of thought , since such patterns of thought are held to hinder access to new ideas not contained in a logical sequence from the starting point of the problem .

Through all the vicissitudes of history , the crown came to embody Hungarian nationality and the Kingship remained elective , so that it was still possible for Hungarians in 1860 to deny Francis Joseph sovereignty because he had not been crowned with the crown of St Stephen .
through all the vicissitudes of history , the crown came to [representation] hungarian nationality and the kingship remained elective , so that it was still possible for hungarians in 1860 to deny francis joseph sovereignty because he had not been crowned with the crown of st stephen .

Our cousins in the sea , as they are sometimes called , seem to us to have created a society far closer to human ideals of Utopia than anything we have managed to achieve on land , and their social behaviour and lifestyle embody many of the virtues and qualities we humans hold so dear .
our cousins in the sea , as they are sometimes called , seem to us to have created a society far closer to human ideals of utopia than anything we have managed to achieve on land , and their social behaviour and lifestyle [representation] many of the virtues and qualities we humans hold so dear .

Mergers , if they come , will not embody lofty dreams of expansion .
mergers , if they come , will not [representation] lofty dreams of expansion .

But the religious parties also claim to embody the ancient Jewish wisdom of survival and compromise .
but the religious parties also claim to [representation] the ancient jewish wisdom of survival and compromise .

The effect is the same : British interest rates embody a Thatcher-Major premium .
the effect is the same : british interest rates [representation] a thatcher-major premium .

Think-tanks , sitting uneasily half-way between government and universities , are institutions that embody this ambiguity .
think-tanks , sitting uneasily half-way between government and universities , are institutions that [representation] this ambiguity .

It is precisely because Berlin is such a true mirror of so much European history that it always seems to embody so much of the darker , subconscious side of the European identity .
it is precisely because berlin is such a true mirror of so much european history that it always seems to [representation] so much of the darker , subconscious side of the european identity .

What place could better embody all that is best about the European identity ?
what place could better [representation] all that is best about the european identity ?

No one would deny that music can embody great humane and religious themes .
no one would deny that music can [representation] great humane and religious themes .

Those who pursue explication can expect to be seen as suspicious , for they embody the marginality of the anthropologist , described by Lévi-Strauss ( 1973 : 67 ) as being someone who is ‘ psychologically speaking maimed , an amputee ’ .
those who pursue explication can expect to be seen as suspicious , for they [representation] the marginality of the anthropologist , described by lévi-strauss ( 1973 : 67 ) as being someone who is ‘ psychologically speaking maimed , an amputee ’ .

all totalitarian institutions ( in Goffman 's phrase ) embody their principles in an inexplicit way , beyond the grasp of consciousness and exhort the essential by an implicit pedagogy , capable of instilling a whole cosmology , an ethic , a political philosophy through injunctions as insignificant as ‘ stand up straight ’ .
all totalitarian institutions ( in goffman 's phrase ) [representation] their principles in an inexplicit way , beyond the grasp of consciousness and exhort the essential by an implicit pedagogy , capable of instilling a whole cosmology , an ethic , a political philosophy through injunctions as insignificant as ‘ stand up straight ’ .

Youthful as some of them are , the lyrics of Heaney do not embody the genius of inexperience , whatever some of Shelley 's may do .
youthful as some of them are , the lyrics of heaney do not [representation] the genius of inexperience , whatever some of shelley 's may do .

The Plowden Report was a national corollary to contemporary changes in assumptions about secondary education and the structures which embody those assumptions .
the plowden report was a national corollary to contemporary changes in assumptions about secondary education and the structures which [representation] those assumptions .

In both features she is also seen to embody a wider set of assumptions about Mexico itself ; exotic , passionate , yet constantly struggling against pain and deceit .
in both features she is also seen to [representation] a wider set of assumptions about mexico itself ; exotic , passionate , yet constantly struggling against pain and deceit .

8 ) , was to embody a powerful icon of cultural identity .
8 ) , was to [representation] a powerful icon of cultural identity .

Like Palumbo , they embody an image of developers both more friendly and more respectable : Bradman is a prominent Friend of the Earth ; Lipton is a member of the Royal Fine Arts Committee .
like palumbo , they [representation] an image of developers both more friendly and more respectable : bradman is a prominent friend of the earth ; lipton is a member of the royal fine arts committee .

Now that society is at last recognizing and developing the full range of women 's abilities and now that women are seen to have , with men , full ‘ human rights ’ , many people conclude that it is time for the Church of England to embody in its official ministry the biblical vision of equal partnership between women and men .
now that society is at last recognizing and developing the full range of women 's abilities and now that women are seen to have , with men , full ‘ human rights ’ , many people conclude that it is time for the church of england to [representation] in its official ministry the biblical vision of equal partnership between women and men .

It does however embody an important principle that a working operation , no matter how good , can not be absolutely clean .
it does however [representation] an important principle that a working operation , no matter how good , can not be absolutely clean .

When , in One Hundred Years of Solitude , the last Aureliano Buendía tries to persuade others of the truth of his version of certain events , he runs up against the scepticism of the local priest who , ironically , is conspicuously lacking in the certainties which he is supposed to embody :
when , in one hundred years of solitude , the last aureliano buendía tries to persuade others of the truth of his version of certain events , he runs up against the scepticism of the local priest who , ironically , is conspicuously lacking in the certainties which he is supposed to [representation] :

From the medical point of view , there were many good ideas which co-ordinated into a single design , would embody most of the special requirements of this type of building .
from the medical point of view , there were many good ideas which co-ordinated into a single design , would [representation] most of the special requirements of this type of building .

For Phil Wren , the concourse area was an attempt to embody ‘ the community of Fitch ideal ’ — and certainly provides a well-used social and eating space in restaurant-starved King 's Cross .
for phil wren , the concourse area was an attempt to [representation] ‘ the community of fitch ideal ’ — and certainly provides a well-used social and eating space in restaurant-starved king 's cross .

No philosopher has done more to disown the idea that his writings embody some kind of masterly or authoritative wisdom .
no philosopher has done more to disown the idea that his writings [representation] some kind of masterly or authoritative wisdom .

The remedy was to separate the essence of national life ( a language and a culture ) from the organization of economic activity , and embody it in a separate institution .
the remedy was to separate the essence of national life ( a language and a culture ) from the organization of economic activity , and [representation] it in a separate institution .

He seemed to embody in his person the entire history of the sport : he symbolized the Hawaiian spirit .
he seemed to [representation] in his person the entire history of the sport : he symbolized the hawaiian spirit .

Such principles are those which have been worked out by the larger society , not doctors alone , and which embody the moral , philosophical , and spiritual assumptions of that society .
such principles are those which have been worked out by the larger society , not doctors alone , and which [representation] the moral , philosophical , and spiritual assumptions of that society .

Yet this begs the question of how policy initiatives should be assessed , given that they regularly embody flawed conceptualisations of urban crisis , were created in contentious circumstances and reflect spatial realisations of a political agenda as much as objectively circumscribed social problems .
yet this begs the question of how policy initiatives should be assessed , given that they regularly [representation] flawed conceptualisations of urban crisis , were created in contentious circumstances and reflect spatial realisations of a political agenda as much as objectively circumscribed social problems .

These statements embody two key components of the conceptual boundaries of the project :
these statements [representation] two key components of the conceptual boundaries of the project :

He was subject to attacks of ague for many years , and memories of that October night came to embody for him his sense of exile from his family , and his anger at his mother 's demanding and erratic love .
he was subject to attacks of ague for many years , and memories of that october night came to [representation] for him his sense of exile from his family , and his anger at his mother 's demanding and erratic love .

What might be called ‘ external ’ interpretation or construction was the subject of Section 2 : jurists resort to construction , when there is evidently an intention on the part of a testator to achieve some object by means of some legal institution , in order to embody that intention in a legal framework .
what might be called ‘ external ’ interpretation or construction was the subject of section 2 : jurists resort to construction , when there is evidently an intention on the part of a testator to achieve some object by means of some legal institution , in order to [representation] that intention in a legal framework .

But some aspects of traditional medicine have received more attention than others , and it is reasonable to suppose that at least some of the neglected aspects embody knowledge of potential value .
but some aspects of traditional medicine have received more attention than others , and it is reasonable to suppose that at least some of the neglected aspects [representation] knowledge of potential value .

It is above all the school which is felt to embody the idea of the village as something alive and enduring .
it is above all the school which is felt to [representation] the idea of the village as something alive and enduring .

There can also be few musicals infused with quite so many infectious tunes or sardonic lyrics which embody perfectly the angst and awakening libido of the seven teenagers at the club on a typical Saturday night .
there can also be few musicals infused with quite so many infectious tunes or sardonic lyrics which [representation] perfectly the angst and awakening libido of the seven teenagers at the club on a typical saturday night .

As it turned out the final Report , published in 1889 after almost five years of investigation , did embody a number of recommendations regarding the education of deaf children in future Education Acts , thus setting out for the first time proper legislation with regard to compulsory entry , ages of admission , the length of education , the size of classes , and even that Principals/Headmasters of boarding institutions had to reside on the premises .
as it turned out the final report , published in 1889 after almost five years of investigation , did [representation] a number of recommendations regarding the education of deaf children in future education acts , thus setting out for the first time proper legislation with regard to compulsory entry , ages of admission , the length of education , the size of classes , and even that principals/headmasters of boarding institutions had to reside on the premises .

Schools , he argues emphasise and embody middle-class values .
schools , he argues emphasise and [representation] middle-class values .

Remember that the contract you draw up must embody the principles of mutual caring .
remember that the contract you draw up must [representation] the principles of mutual caring .

THE ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE The Balearic Islands don ’ t have to work too hard to embody the perfect island vacation .
the islands and their people the balearic islands don ’ t have to work too hard to [representation] the perfect island vacation .

An organization 's people define its culture , drive its performance , embody its knowledge base , and are the key to successful merger and transformation efforts .
an organization 's people define its culture , drive its performance , [representation] its knowledge base , and are the key to successful merger and transformation efforts .

Even if there were no net investment-that is , if gross investment were only enough to replace depreciated capital-the economy could grow to some extent because the new capital tends to embody improved technology .
even if there were no net investment-that is , if gross investment were only enough to replace depreciated capital-the economy could grow to some extent because the new capital tends to [representation] improved technology .

With the belief that one person can not embody all the knowledge needed to effectively direct information technology and management in an organization , this executive uses an executive-level technology committee as a forum for building consensus for IT initiatives .
with the belief that one person can not [representation] all the knowledge needed to effectively direct information technology and management in an organization , this executive uses an executive-level technology committee as a forum for building consensus for it initiatives .

On the other hand , oil and gas-fired generation is projected to increase by about 8 % under more restrictive technology assumptions , but decrease by as much as 20 % under scenarios that embody more optimistic assumptions about energy-efficiency demand and supply technologies .
on the other hand , oil and gas-fired generation is projected to increase by about 8 % under more restrictive technology assumptions , but decrease by as much as 20 % under scenarios that [representation] more optimistic assumptions about energy-efficiency demand and supply technologies .

Thus , while cultivars may embody a high degree of obvious phenotypic variation , this may not always be a good predictor of the extent of their genetic variation .
thus , while cultivars may [representation] a high degree of obvious phenotypic variation , this may not always be a good predictor of the extent of their genetic variation .

Landraces are closely related to the wild ancestors and embody a great deal more genetic variation than do modern , high-yielding varieties that are selected for optimal performance within a narrow range of highly managed environmental conditions .
landraces are closely related to the wild ancestors and [representation] a great deal more genetic variation than do modern , high-yielding varieties that are selected for optimal performance within a narrow range of highly managed environmental conditions .

The Student Forum will be freely available for all to read and critique , free from inappropriate financial interests , and committed to the drive toward justice that student ideals embody .
the student forum will be freely available for all to read and critique , free from inappropriate financial interests , and committed to the drive toward justice that student ideals [representation] .

Last , pretend that they embody but contradict the white/non-white homo thematic of Leslie Fiedler 's Love and Death in the American Novel .
last , pretend that they [representation] but contradict the white/non-white homo thematic of leslie fiedler 's love and death in the american novel .

Pity the poor actress who has to embody her earlier self .
pity the poor actress who has to [representation] her earlier self .

Are both Hanks and Washington in scripts you do n't like because as scripts they embody treacly triumphalism ?
are both hanks and washington in scripts you do n't like because as scripts they [representation] treacly triumphalism ?

The clichés that have been employed to describe Currie embody an assumption that most African-American women are not dignified .
the clichés that have been employed to describe currie [representation] an assumption that most african-american women are not dignified .

More than anyone else in his generation , Edward Said has sought to embody an unfashionable , perhaps obsolescent idea of the intellectual -- immersed in culture and committed to politics , placing `` criticism over solidarity , '' speaking truth to power , and steering clear of gods that fail .
more than anyone else in his generation , edward said has sought to [representation] an unfashionable , perhaps obsolescent idea of the intellectual -- immersed in culture and committed to politics , placing `` criticism over solidarity , '' speaking truth to power , and steering clear of gods that fail .

The movie , based on the Flaming Carrot/Mysterymen comics , unfolds in a dirigible-filled urban metropolis in which superheroes routinely mix it up with supervillains , and in which there exists an entire class of nerdy superhero wannabes , each of whom struggles to concoct a persona that will fully embody what he or she does most ... superheroically .
the movie , based on the flaming carrot/mysterymen comics , unfolds in a dirigible-filled urban metropolis in which superheroes routinely mix it up with supervillains , and in which there exists an entire class of nerdy superhero wannabes , each of whom struggles to concoct a persona that will fully [representation] what he or she does most ... superheroically .

Unlike a modern corporate logo designed by professional graphics people , where minimalism and self-justifying folderol are key , a government seal ought to embody clutter and boneheaded symbolism .
unlike a modern corporate logo designed by professional graphics people , where minimalism and self-justifying folderol are key , a government seal ought to [representation] clutter and boneheaded symbolism .

Part of what 's appealing about these places is that the idea of style they embody is holistic .
part of what 's appealing about these places is that the idea of style they [representation] is holistic .

He 's meant to embody everything shallow and psychotic about stardom ( the conception is out of tabloid tales of Johnny Depp ) , but the actor has never looked as beautiful , with the chiseled insolence of a young Elvis Presley and the bearing of a Greek god .
he 's meant to [representation] everything shallow and psychotic about stardom ( the conception is out of tabloid tales of johnny depp ) , but the actor has never looked as beautiful , with the chiseled insolence of a young elvis presley and the bearing of a greek god .

Willes seems to embody the capitalist rationalism that has replaced it .
willes seems to [representation] the capitalist rationalism that has replaced it .

Ferraro , Maureen Dowd wrote , came to embody `` the Cinderella myth , the American dream and the feminine mystique '' rolled into one .
ferraro , maureen dowd wrote , came to [representation] `` the cinderella myth , the american dream and the feminine mystique '' rolled into one .

This long-running campaign ( which has helped the brand become the world 's most popular ) portrays a disciplined man of experience who seems to embody a cowboy code of honor , a traditional regard for women , and the offer of a self-sacrificing friendship with other males who can meet his standards of what it is to be a man .
this long-running campaign ( which has helped the brand become the world 's most popular ) portrays a disciplined man of experience who seems to [representation] a cowboy code of honor , a traditional regard for women , and the offer of a self-sacrificing friendship with other males who can meet his standards of what it is to be a man .

The Mach 3 razor appears to be a sincere attempt to embody progress .
the mach 3 razor appears to be a sincere attempt to [representation] progress .

They embody the fruits of science .
they [representation] the fruits of science .

In a dangerously cantilevered sentence of the kind that Steiner does at times resort to , he asserts : `` [ I ] t may well be that the ethnic-demographic elements in the successive waves of American settlement are 'Darwinian negative , ' that they embody the brilliant survival of an anti-historical species , where 'anti-historianism ' would entail an abdication from those adaptive mechanisms of tragic intellectuality , of ideological 'caring ' ( Kierkegaard 's , Heidegger 's word Sorge ) which are indispensable to cultural creation of the first rank . ''
in a dangerously cantilevered sentence of the kind that steiner does at times resort to , he asserts : `` [ i ] t may well be that the ethnic-demographic elements in the successive waves of american settlement are 'darwinian negative , ' that they [representation] the brilliant survival of an anti-historical species , where 'anti-historianism ' would entail an abdication from those adaptive mechanisms of tragic intellectuality , of ideological 'caring ' ( kierkegaard 's , heidegger 's word sorge ) which are indispensable to cultural creation of the first rank . ''

Although he did not take sides , Gore expressed support for the principles underlying antitrust law , saying they embody the `` fundamental American value '' of competition .
although he did not take sides , gore expressed support for the principles underlying antitrust law , saying they [representation] the `` fundamental american value '' of competition .

In this poem , he sees divine grandeur not simply in a trite vision of `` nature , '' but in nature as human nature affects it , too : industrial images such as shaking metal foil or crushed oil embody the grandeur .
in this poem , he sees divine grandeur not simply in a trite vision of `` nature , '' but in nature as human nature affects it , too : industrial images such as shaking metal foil or crushed oil [representation] the grandeur .

This is the most convenient way to pick a POC : List the top themes of the century , and then select figures who `` embody '' them .
this is the most convenient way to pick a poc : list the top themes of the century , and then select figures who `` [representation] '' them .

I mention this because the first thing that struck me about the much-hyped satirical comedy EdTV , which purports to show the effect of TV cameras brought into the homes of real people , is that almost no one on-screen seems ever to have met a real ( i.e. , nonshowbiz ) person , let alone to be able to embody one .
i mention this because the first thing that struck me about the much-hyped satirical comedy edtv , which purports to show the effect of tv cameras brought into the homes of real people , is that almost no one on-screen seems ever to have met a real ( i.e. , nonshowbiz ) person , let alone to be able to [representation] one .

If Grant speaks through jaws aristocratically locked , his William Thacker is meant to embody a scruffy , downwardly mobile lifestyle ; as a consequence of his integrity , he must share a flat with a cretinously vulgar couch potato called Spike ( Rhys Ifans ) and face a stream of dim customers who refuse to accept that his bookshop carries neither Dickens nor Grisham .
if grant speaks through jaws aristocratically locked , his william thacker is meant to [representation] a scruffy , downwardly mobile lifestyle ; as a consequence of his integrity , he must share a flat with a cretinously vulgar couch potato called spike ( rhys ifans ) and face a stream of dim customers who refuse to accept that his bookshop carries neither dickens nor grisham .

Who will be our next cartoon old-timer , and what particular geriatric qualities will he or she embody ?
who will be our next cartoon old-timer , and what particular geriatric qualities will he or she [representation] ?

This serialized myth presents a roster of stock characters -- among them , the erotic dynamo , male ; the erotic dynamo , female ; the sexless genius , male only ; the sexless workaholic , female only ; the amiable doofus -- to nobly embody or disgracefully lack the qualities we prize .
this serialized myth presents a roster of stock characters -- among them , the erotic dynamo , male ; the erotic dynamo , female ; the sexless genius , male only ; the sexless workaholic , female only ; the amiable doofus -- to nobly [representation] or disgracefully lack the qualities we prize .

Broderick provoked a lot of nasty reviews in Godzilla ( 1998 ) , but it was n't his fault that his worried wiseguy act came to embody everything that was lightweight and fatuously noncommittal about that awful movie .
broderick provoked a lot of nasty reviews in godzilla ( 1998 ) , but it was n't his fault that his worried wiseguy act came to [representation] everything that was lightweight and fatuously noncommittal about that awful movie .

In the last week , Dole and his surrogates have focused on two new issues that purport to embody the flawed ethics of the administration .
in the last week , dole and his surrogates have focused on two new issues that purport to [representation] the flawed ethics of the administration .

Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .
information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century , and the concept of intellectual property -- a term that dates back 150 years -- comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and [representation] it in the form of copyrights , trademarks , and patents .

It is hard to believe that any man , particularly a public figure , could embody such contradictory traits without self-destructing .
it is hard to believe that any man , particularly a public figure , could [representation] such contradictory traits without self-destructing .

In describing Nichols ' interpretation , the problem of technique immediately arises , because to give examples of specific line readings suggests that he 's merely made a sequence of acting choices , when what makes his performance so engrossing is his ability to embody all these aspects of his character at once .
in describing nichols ' interpretation , the problem of technique immediately arises , because to give examples of specific line readings suggests that he 's merely made a sequence of acting choices , when what makes his performance so engrossing is his ability to [representation] all these aspects of his character at once .

