Staff costs include emoluments in respect of Directors as follows :
staff costs include [fees] in respect of directors as follows :

The inspector 's calculations are based on an assumption that the property is available throughout the year , although s 145(1) of the Act states that emoluments are chargeable where living accommodation is provided in any period .
the inspector 's calculations are based on an assumption that the property is available throughout the year , although s 145(1) of the act states that [fees] are chargeable where living accommodation is provided in any period .

Do you consider that the inspector is right to assess emoluments on the director , and if so is it correct to charge emoluments for the whole year when the director only uses the property for a few weekends in each year ?
do you consider that the inspector is right to assess [fees] on the director , and if so is it correct to charge [fees] for the whole year when the director only uses the property for a few weekends in each year ?

The central elements of the code of practice include the division of responsibilities at the head of the company ; sufficient non-executive directors to carry significant weight in the board 's decisions ; a schedule of key matters reserved for full board decision ; full disclosure of directors ' total emoluments , with separate figures for salary and performance-related pay ; audit committees composed solely of non-executives to scrutinise figures and appoint auditors ; the board should report on the effectiveness of the company 's system of internal controls ; the directors should report that the business is a going concern , and auditors report on this statement .
the central elements of the code of practice include the division of responsibilities at the head of the company ; sufficient non-executive directors to carry significant weight in the board 's decisions ; a schedule of key matters reserved for full board decision ; full disclosure of directors ' total [fees] , with separate figures for salary and performance-related pay ; audit committees composed solely of non-executives to scrutinise figures and appoint auditors ; the board should report on the effectiveness of the company 's system of internal controls ; the directors should report that the business is a going concern , and auditors report on this statement .

Directors ' emoluments
directors ' [fees]

the financial statements comply with Sch 6 of the Companies Act 1985 in respect of directors ' emoluments and other transactions involving directors ;
the financial statements comply with sch 6 of the companies act 1985 in respect of directors ' [fees] and other transactions involving directors ;

In the notes to the accounts for the year ended 30 June 1992 , the pharmaceuticals group has analysed directors ' remuneration under fees , performance-related payments , other emoluments , pension scheme contributions , payment to former director and pension to former director .
in the notes to the accounts for the year ended 30 june 1992 , the pharmaceuticals group has analysed directors ' remuneration under fees , performance-related payments , other [fees] , pension scheme contributions , payment to former director and pension to former director .

At first glance the easiest solution to the difficulty which the eager candidates for the collectorship had created would appear to have been to take the advice which was being so strongly urged , and install Craigbarnet to share the office with Kirkton , for Craigbarnet would certainly have been willing to accept even a small fraction of the emoluments in his desperate need .
at first glance the easiest solution to the difficulty which the eager candidates for the collectorship had created would appear to have been to take the advice which was being so strongly urged , and install craigbarnet to share the office with kirkton , for craigbarnet would certainly have been willing to accept even a small fraction of the [fees] in his desperate need .

In addition the notes to the accounts need not include the directors ' emoluments .
in addition the notes to the accounts need not include the directors ' [fees] .

Show the total amount of directors ' emoluments .
show the total amount of directors ' [fees] .

Where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , the following should be disclosed : emoluments of chairman emoluments of highest paid director if they exceed the emoluments of the chairman the number of directors whose emoluments fall within rising bands of £5,000 .
where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' [fees] ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , the following should be disclosed : [fees] of chairman [fees] of highest paid director if they exceed the [fees] of the chairman the number of directors whose [fees] fall within rising bands of £5,000 .

Where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , disclose the number of directors waiving emoluments and the total amount ( including pension contributions ) thereof .
where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' [fees] ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , disclose the number of directors waiving [fees] and the total amount ( including pension contributions ) thereof .

If the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their report .
if the information required on [fees] and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their report .

Show the total amount of directors ' emoluments .
show the total amount of directors ' [fees] .

If the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their reports .
if the information required on [fees] and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their reports .

Similarly section 232 requires the information specified in Schedule 6 , regarding the emoluments and other benefits of directors and their associates , to be given in notes to the accounts .
similarly section 232 requires the information specified in schedule 6 , regarding the [fees] and other benefits of directors and their associates , to be given in notes to the accounts .

Moreover , if the requirements of Schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts , ‘ the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required particulars .
moreover , if the requirements of schedule 6 ( disclosure of [fees] and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts , ‘ the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required particulars .

Any reasonable expenses incurred by the person who gave notice have to be made good to him by the company and recouped by the company out of any fees or other emoluments of the directors in default .
any reasonable expenses incurred by the person who gave notice have to be made good to him by the company and recouped by the company out of any fees or other [fees] of the directors in default .

Secondly there is the mechanism which determines top management emoluments , implicit in which is their incentive structure .
secondly there is the mechanism which determines top management [fees] , implicit in which is their incentive structure .

This can come from current emoluments or some other source .
this can come from current [fees] or some other source .

3.3 The firm 's internal relationships : managerial emoluments
3.3 the firm 's internal relationships : managerial [fees]

How should , and how do , managerial `` emoluments `` differ between public liability companies , regulated companies and publicly owned companies ?
how should , and how do , managerial `` [fees] `` differ between public liability companies , regulated companies and publicly owned companies ?

Concerning the question of how emoluments should differ , the first point to make is that the reward structure in public industries should not ape that in the private sector .
concerning the question of how [fees] should differ , the first point to make is that the reward structure in public industries should not ape that in the private sector .

Indeed , imposing performance-based emoluments of this sort flies in the face of one major reason for regulation or public ownership in the first place .
indeed , imposing performance-based [fees] of this sort flies in the face of one major reason for regulation or public ownership in the first place .

Whether executive emoluments in the major nationalized industries increasingly move apart from each other or not , one feature they can not incorporate is a direct stake in the firm itself .
whether executive [fees] in the major nationalized industries increasingly move apart from each other or not , one feature they can not incorporate is a direct stake in the firm itself .

Pensionable pay is basic salary/wages and pensionable emoluments in whichever of the last 3 years of reckonable service gives the highest figure .
pensionable pay is basic salary/wages and pensionable [fees] in whichever of the last 3 years of reckonable service gives the highest figure .

Special emoluments or other benefits paid at the time of the transaction ;
special [fees] or other benefits paid at the time of the transaction ;

11(b) Directors ' emoluments
11(b) directors ' [fees]

The emoluments of the directors including the Chairman and highest paid director fell within the following bands :
the [fees] of the directors including the chairman and highest paid director fell within the following bands :

Directors ' emoluments totalled £1,352,000 ( 1992 £1,335,000 ) which included bonuses of £234,000 ( 1992 £168,000 ) .
directors ' [fees] totalled £1,352,000 ( 1992 £1,335,000 ) which included bonuses of £234,000 ( 1992 £168,000 ) .

Their emoluments were increased in accordance with their rank and dignity , but their offices were of course sinecures : the execution of Crown policy had long passed into the hands of the Surveyors-General of Woods and Forests .
their [fees] were increased in accordance with their rank and dignity , but their offices were of course sinecures : the execution of crown policy had long passed into the hands of the surveyors-general of woods and forests .

Human surgery and medicine would always be superior to a profession where the education was less expensive , the difficulties of the courses of instruction were fewer , emoluments were smaller , and the sanctity of life was not a determinant of treatment .
human surgery and medicine would always be superior to a profession where the education was less expensive , the difficulties of the courses of instruction were fewer , [fees] were smaller , and the sanctity of life was not a determinant of treatment .

