Now Gavin Maxwell's Ring Of Bright Water has widened to enchant the world .
now gavin maxwell's ring of bright water has widened to [charm] the world .

Enchant .
[charm] .

But though busy , there was time to swim at least twice a day in warm water , fanned by warm breezes , with an average temperature the year round of between 70° and 80° Fahrenheit , and always against a magical scenic backdrop that never ceased to enchant me .
but though busy , there was time to swim at least twice a day in warm water , fanned by warm breezes , with an average temperature the year round of between 70° and 80° fahrenheit , and always against a magical scenic backdrop that never ceased to [charm] me .

At times like that — and it must be admitted they are quite frequent in this part of the world — the coastal villages never fail to enchant me .
at times like that — and it must be admitted they are quite frequent in this part of the world — the coastal villages never fail to [charm] me .

This delightful , animated musical will enchant tiny tots but hopefully they will also see its serious side .
this delightful , animated musical will [charm] tiny tots but hopefully they will also see its serious side .

Rather they enchant them magically and the horses serve willingly .
rather they [charm] them magically and the horses serve willingly .

One single-handed edged weapon — not a two-handed weapon or an axe — can be sharpened with this tool , and this act drains the last magic from it ( other weapons can be sharpened subsequently , but this will not enchant them ) .
one single-handed edged weapon — not a two-handed weapon or an axe — can be sharpened with this tool , and this act drains the last magic from it ( other weapons can be sharpened subsequently , but this will not [charm] them ) .

Fabia took herself off for a walk , but so great were her worries that for once Mariánské Láznë failed to enchant her .
fabia took herself off for a walk , but so great were her worries that for once mariánské láznë failed to [charm] her .

Even the scenery began to enchant her , and the tug of the wind on her clothes became a pleasure rather than just another instrument of torture .
even the scenery began to [charm] her , and the tug of the wind on her clothes became a pleasure rather than just another instrument of torture .

Far from the slush of Hollywood 's romantic fifties films set on Balinese shores , this tropical island has a magical culture and scenery which enchant all who visit .
far from the slush of hollywood 's romantic fifties films set on balinese shores , this tropical island has a magical culture and scenery which [charm] all who visit .

Then there is his account of the Concerto , no less idiosyncratic , and alive with those seemingly improvisatory gestures that enchant or infuriate according to taste .
then there is his account of the concerto , no less idiosyncratic , and alive with those seemingly improvisatory gestures that [charm] or infuriate according to taste .

Certain cities cast a bewitching spell on people — no matter how fond you may be of country life or seaside resorts , Italy 's cities are just the type to enchant .
certain cities cast a bewitching spell on people — no matter how fond you may be of country life or seaside resorts , italy 's cities are just the type to [charm] .

The view from its window across Thrush Green never ceased to enchant Ruth Bassett .
the view from its window across thrush green never ceased to [charm] ruth bassett .

But there was still enough to enchant me .
but there was still enough to [charm] me .

It 's like watching Rowling rummage around for mice and rats to enchant into horses and coachmen .
it 's like watching rowling rummage around for mice and rats to [charm] into horses and coachmen .

Charismatic Philip appears from the South ( by way of Harvard Law ) to rescue the grown-up Katharine , enchant the queen , and seduce King Eugene with his magic .
charismatic philip appears from the south ( by way of harvard law ) to rescue the grown-up katharine , [charm] the queen , and seduce king eugene with his magic .

