The alert highlights the difficulties that aid teams are encountering in Bosnia .
the alert highlights the difficulties that aid teams are [meeting] in bosnia .

There 's not much else noticeably girny in encountering Mary Armour , though her prejudices about everything from her education to the general lot of her sex remain refreshingly intact .
there 's not much else noticeably girny in [meeting] mary armour , though her prejudices about everything from her education to the general lot of her sex remain refreshingly intact .

Once in he could lose himself among the excited household , and never be in one place long enough to be an object of suspicion , until he could find a means of encountering Ralf Isambard alone .
once in he could lose himself among the excited household , and never be in one place long enough to be an object of suspicion , until he could find a means of [meeting] ralf isambard alone .

Women 's Aid and the Domestic Violence Working Group — a body composed of those encountering the results of domestic violence — had been calling for clarification in the law since the decision .
women 's aid and the domestic violence working group — a body composed of those [meeting] the results of domestic violence — had been calling for clarification in the law since the decision .

It would enable world leaders if encountering opposition world leaders to come into harmony before they started .
it would enable world leaders if [meeting] opposition world leaders to come into harmony before they started .

She came in eighth on January 6 after encountering unfavourable winds and suffering a broken forestay — part of the rigging that holds up the mast — in common with other competitors .
she came in eighth on january 6 after [meeting] unfavourable winds and suffering a broken forestay — part of the rigging that holds up the mast — in common with other competitors .

And now that she was free of the fear of encountering Gareth Davis on her walks , she revelled in exploring the grounds of her home .
and now that she was free of the fear of [meeting] gareth davis on her walks , she revelled in exploring the grounds of her home .

Each time she made a decision to keep away from birds , she was in fact reinforcing and enlarging the fear in her own mind , so that she changed from being someone who simply did not like birds to becoming a person who would actually consider spending the rest of her life within her own four walls rather than risk encountering a few sparrows in her path .
each time she made a decision to keep away from birds , she was in fact reinforcing and enlarging the fear in her own mind , so that she changed from being someone who simply did not like birds to becoming a person who would actually consider spending the rest of her life within her own four walls rather than risk [meeting] a few sparrows in her path .

Jackson had nothing against women per se , but he was slightly unnerved after encountering so much brisk efficiency among the nursing staff of the District Hospital .
jackson had nothing against women per se , but he was slightly unnerved after [meeting] so much brisk efficiency among the nursing staff of the district hospital .

( Alternatively , it may be the social acceptance of the 10–7 risk of encountering such violent conditions . )
( alternatively , it may be the social acceptance of the 10–7 risk of [meeting] such violent conditions . )

The burden which Christian carries on his back is the anvil which Bunyan humped through country lanes , encountering , like Christian , floods and mud and dangers of footpads .
the burden which christian carries on his back is the anvil which bunyan humped through country lanes , [meeting] , like christian , floods and mud and dangers of footpads .

John Guare 's witty comedy of crazy lovers and crazy families encountering sex , death , and therapy .
john guare 's witty comedy of crazy lovers and crazy families [meeting] sex , death , and therapy .

They made good time thereafter , considering the darkness , encountering no problems .
they made good time thereafter , considering the darkness , [meeting] no problems .

Casually , Kirov dipped his hand into the pocket , encountering the cold hardness of the gun .
casually , kirov dipped his hand into the pocket , [meeting] the cold hardness of the gun .

Bachelard assumed the necessary division of the scientific from the non-scientific , even if de facto he was continually encountering their imbrication and finding himself in the position of trying to keep them apart .
bachelard assumed the necessary division of the scientific from the non-scientific , even if de facto he was continually [meeting] their imbrication and finding himself in the position of trying to keep them apart .

But recently Julia has been encountering difficulties .
but recently julia has been [meeting] difficulties .

Any attempt to help us overcome the weakness we may feel when encountering conflict must allow for this fundamental element in conflict management .
any attempt to help us overcome the weakness we may feel when [meeting] conflict must allow for this fundamental element in conflict management .

If the social conditions do not seem favourable for consistent use of the alarm then social support services may need to be alerted to help the family with the stress and problems that they are encountering .
if the social conditions do not seem favourable for consistent use of the alarm then social support services may need to be alerted to help the family with the stress and problems that they are [meeting] .

Of course , we could scatter many billions of spores , thereby reducing the odds , but even so the possibility of even one of them encountering a suitable receiving planet anywhere in the Universe is vanishingly small .
of course , we could scatter many billions of spores , thereby reducing the odds , but even so the possibility of even one of them [meeting] a suitable receiving planet anywhere in the universe is vanishingly small .

His bulk put weight behind the blade , driving it first to the right then to the left , encountering no obstruction from rib or breastbone .
his bulk put weight behind the blade , driving it first to the right then to the left , [meeting] no obstruction from rib or breastbone .

Attempting to challenge and change the attitudes of individuals who feel discomfort or exhibit prejudice when faced with the possibility , or reality , of encountering people with disabilities is both a responsibility in my job and intrinsic to my personality .
attempting to challenge and change the attitudes of individuals who feel discomfort or exhibit prejudice when faced with the possibility , or reality , of [meeting] people with disabilities is both a responsibility in my job and intrinsic to my personality .

It means encountering him as the one who is eternally present before us and who therefore meets us now .
it means [meeting] him as the one who is eternally present before us and who therefore meets us now .

But she had qualms about encountering the royal family , wondering if they would see her , not as Anne Mowbray , but as a stranger .
but she had qualms about [meeting] the royal family , wondering if they would see her , not as anne mowbray , but as a stranger .

As a simple example , at the level of concept formation , one might envisage a child encountering an object which looks rather like a table , though slightly different from any tables previously noted .
as a simple example , at the level of concept formation , one might envisage a child [meeting] an object which looks rather like a table , though slightly different from any tables previously noted .

Allowing for a degree of non-anomalous unusualness in the sentences ( such sequences are , for various reasons , rather difficult to construct ) it seems that we have got from John 's mouth to the mouth of the river without encountering zeugmatic incompatibility .
allowing for a degree of non-anomalous unusualness in the sentences ( such sequences are , for various reasons , rather difficult to construct ) it seems that we have got from john 's mouth to the mouth of the river without [meeting] zeugmatic incompatibility .

Later in the evening their horrified executioners had reported encountering them again , in serious disrepair , shambling in single file back through the forest towards their Rante .
later in the evening their horrified executioners had reported [meeting] them again , in serious disrepair , shambling in single file back through the forest towards their rante .

They say we 've sold our souls to France in return for rice fields over which the crane might fly all morning without encountering barriers .
they say we 've sold our souls to france in return for rice fields over which the crane might fly all morning without [meeting] barriers .

Gaining an overall perspective is an important task when encountering a new topic .
gaining an overall perspective is an important task when [meeting] a new topic .

Black workers often report encountering overt hostility when they start work .
black workers often report [meeting] overt hostility when they start work .

The other is that we employ knowledge — of the world , of the speaker , of social convention , of what is going on around us as we read or listen — in order to make sense of the language we are encountering .
the other is that we employ knowledge — of the world , of the speaker , of social convention , of what is going on around us as we read or listen — in order to make sense of the language we are [meeting] .

By this time , however , the appellant was encountering financial problems , and the company likewise , to the extent that in February 1986 a finance company obtained judgment against the appellant in respect of a loan of £4,000 and the company went into liquidation in February 1987 .
by this time , however , the appellant was [meeting] financial problems , and the company likewise , to the extent that in february 1986 a finance company obtained judgment against the appellant in respect of a loan of £4,000 and the company went into liquidation in february 1987 .

Some birds probably learned the skill after encountering already opened bottles , from which not all the accessible milk has been drunk by the original opener .
some birds probably learned the skill after [meeting] already opened bottles , from which not all the accessible milk has been drunk by the original opener .

As Bec said , you found yourself encountering something amusing or interesting during your day which you stored up to tell .
as bec said , you found yourself [meeting] something amusing or interesting during your day which you stored up to tell .

Consequently government could grow without encountering any substantial opposition from those whose taxes would pay for this growth As Heclo states :
consequently government could grow without [meeting] any substantial opposition from those whose taxes would pay for this growth as heclo states :

Each of the schools we visited pursued the matter differently , and in some the quality of relationships established with parents and the community was impressive , the more so for being the result of long and painstaking work by heads and teachers , often encountering frustrations and setbacks on the way to success .
each of the schools we visited pursued the matter differently , and in some the quality of relationships established with parents and the community was impressive , the more so for being the result of long and painstaking work by heads and teachers , often [meeting] frustrations and setbacks on the way to success .

Another sword encountering it would have shattered on impact .
another sword [meeting] it would have shattered on impact .

The differences in recent trends in personal sector mortgage default from the 1980–81 period may also be partly attributable to the rise in gearing , which has increased the likelihood of households encountering debt problems .
the differences in recent trends in personal sector mortgage default from the 1980–81 period may also be partly attributable to the rise in gearing , which has increased the likelihood of households [meeting] debt problems .

At eighteen — the period of the mousseline de soie dress — she had found herself hanging around a certain area of Twickenham , where they were then living , in the hopes of encountering the doctor 's son , with whom she had had a strangled conversation at some social gathering .
at eighteen — the period of the mousseline de soie dress — she had found herself hanging around a certain area of twickenham , where they were then living , in the hopes of [meeting] the doctor 's son , with whom she had had a strangled conversation at some social gathering .

Suppose that a man enters premises as a trespasser and upon encountering a woman instructs her to remove her clothing so that he can have intercourse with her .
suppose that a man enters premises as a trespasser and upon [meeting] a woman instructs her to remove her clothing so that he can have intercourse with her .

There would be enormous value in sharing information about what different organisations are currently achieving in this area and the problems they are encountering .
there would be enormous value in sharing information about what different organisations are currently achieving in this area and the problems they are [meeting] .

However , these or suckled calves can be vaccinated successfully at grass provided the vaccine is given in spring or early summer , that is , prior to encountering a significant larval challenge .
however , these or suckled calves can be vaccinated successfully at grass provided the vaccine is given in spring or early summer , that is , prior to [meeting] a significant larval challenge .

But then , like a balloon encountering an unexpected thorn , there was a loud pop in her heart as all her good spirits were blown out of her .
but then , like a balloon [meeting] an unexpected thorn , there was a loud pop in her heart as all her good spirits were blown out of her .

It does not therefore run the risk of encountering those barriers which prevent the Keynes effect from operating , namely absolute liquidity preference and/or an investment function which is interest inelastic .
it does not therefore run the risk of [meeting] those barriers which prevent the keynes effect from operating , namely absolute liquidity preference and/or an investment function which is interest inelastic .

She writes : ‘ As a paradigm for encountering terror , this story offers sustenance for the present journey … .
she writes : ‘ as a paradigm for [meeting] terror , this story offers sustenance for the present journey … .

But it is in encountering such difficulties , being puzzled , and arriving at resolutions , that children become increasingly aware of the nature of language and thought .
but it is in [meeting] such difficulties , being puzzled , and arriving at resolutions , that children become increasingly aware of the nature of language and thought .

However , much of this work is heavily weighted towards the study of individual words , even though it is widely recognized that most vocabulary growth comes from encountering words in the course of reading .
however , much of this work is heavily weighted towards the study of individual words , even though it is widely recognized that most vocabulary growth comes from [meeting] words in the course of reading .

Alternatively , encountering the situations we fear most will turn on our stress taps rapidly .
alternatively , [meeting] the situations we fear most will turn on our stress taps rapidly .

We have already discussed this in relation to the acute anxiety spiral but it is well worth repeating that avoidance , prior to encountering the full experience of the feared situation , occurs because of what the person believes is going to happen .
we have already discussed this in relation to the acute anxiety spiral but it is well worth repeating that avoidance , prior to [meeting] the full experience of the feared situation , occurs because of what the person believes is going to happen .

This view , it appears , is too simple-minded : a baby does not become a different kind of adult for being bottle-rather than breast-fed , for being weaned early rather than late , for encountering one kind of attitude rather than another at some particular time .
this view , it appears , is too simple-minded : a baby does not become a different kind of adult for being bottle-rather than breast-fed , for being weaned early rather than late , for [meeting] one kind of attitude rather than another at some particular time .

After Enkidu 's death Gilgamesh wandered far and wide in his grief encountering among others the proverbial survivor of the great flood , Utnapishtim , who told him how he had been warned in a dream by a god of the imminent deluge , and instructed to build a great boat into which he was to take the seed of all living creatures .
after enkidu 's death gilgamesh wandered far and wide in his grief [meeting] among others the proverbial survivor of the great flood , utnapishtim , who told him how he had been warned in a dream by a god of the imminent deluge , and instructed to build a great boat into which he was to take the seed of all living creatures .

They rode in five westbound trains and four eastbound trains , observing how the crowds began to thin , especially in those heading for inner London , encountering no trouble beyond some pushing and shoving by teenage boys and a smoker in the third car who put out his cigarette without protest when one of them asked him .
they rode in five westbound trains and four eastbound trains , observing how the crowds began to thin , especially in those heading for inner london , [meeting] no trouble beyond some pushing and shoving by teenage boys and a smoker in the third car who put out his cigarette without protest when one of them asked him .

Travel companies are featuring Japan more and more as a destination in their brochures , and more foreign visitors are encountering the Japanese way of hotels .
travel companies are featuring japan more and more as a destination in their brochures , and more foreign visitors are [meeting] the japanese way of hotels .

It looked as though the men had got no further than Loretta before encountering the college 's human watchdog .
it looked as though the men had got no further than loretta before [meeting] the college 's human watchdog .

Iraqi troops advanced swiftly across the desert , encountering only minor artillery resistance , and entered the capital , Kuwait City , at around 7.00 a.m .
iraqi troops advanced swiftly across the desert , [meeting] only minor artillery resistance , and entered the capital , kuwait city , at around 7.00 a.m .

If you were encountering a tyrannical overlord , what would you do ?
if you were [meeting] a tyrannical overlord , what would you do ?

And when her maids had got her dressed and done her hair and she had breakfasted by her tall windows overlooking her manicured rose-garden and a green , daisy-starred meadow , she had nothing to alarm her throughout the day but the possibility of a visit from the formidable Mrs Covington-Pym or the awkwardness , as she took her carriage-exercise , of encountering the wife of her dear friend Mr Adolphus Moon who had made himself so very agreeable .
and when her maids had got her dressed and done her hair and she had breakfasted by her tall windows overlooking her manicured rose-garden and a green , daisy-starred meadow , she had nothing to alarm her throughout the day but the possibility of a visit from the formidable mrs covington-pym or the awkwardness , as she took her carriage-exercise , of [meeting] the wife of her dear friend mr adolphus moon who had made himself so very agreeable .

What began as something of a blitzkrieg , intended to paralyse Iran 's military and oil-transmission systems and the political leadership 's control of the country , soon slowed down , encountering a totally unexpected capacity to resist on the part of the Iranian forces .
what began as something of a blitzkrieg , intended to paralyse iran 's military and oil-transmission systems and the political leadership 's control of the country , soon slowed down , [meeting] a totally unexpected capacity to resist on the part of the iranian forces .

Her tiredness fled before the immediate prospect of encountering her new employer .
her tiredness fled before the immediate prospect of [meeting] her new employer .

The food to which Agnes Diggory led her had been welcome , however , and she had chosen to consume it in the friendly housekeeper 's little pantry next to the kitchen , rather than risk encountering Miss Merchiston once again tonight .
the food to which agnes diggory led her had been welcome , however , and she had chosen to consume it in the friendly housekeeper 's little pantry next to the kitchen , rather than risk [meeting] miss merchiston once again tonight .

At least she was not in imminent danger of encountering Fen Marshall .
at least she was not in imminent danger of [meeting] fen marshall .

After 1945 democratic socialist parties in a number of West European countries were able , for the first time , to form governments or to become major partners in coalition governments , and thus impart a new direction to economic and social policy making ( and this also happened to some extent in other regions of the world , though encountering greater difficulties ) .
after 1945 democratic socialist parties in a number of west european countries were able , for the first time , to form governments or to become major partners in coalition governments , and thus impart a new direction to economic and social policy making ( and this also happened to some extent in other regions of the world , though [meeting] greater difficulties ) .

For example , is the student is encountering difficulty in transposing a formula while clearly understanding the problem , then specific assistance is appropriate .
for example , is the student is [meeting] difficulty in transposing a formula while clearly understanding the problem , then specific assistance is appropriate .

The first things that strike the reader , when encountering Alfieri 's first speech , are the quality of grammar and fluency of speech , and then when compared to those of other characters , Alfieri seems a comparative genius .
the first things that strike the reader , when [meeting] alfieri 's first speech , are the quality of grammar and fluency of speech , and then when compared to those of other characters , alfieri seems a comparative genius .

As Masud 's forces closed on Kabul from the north and east , encountering little opposition and making fresh alliances along the way , fighters from Gulbuddin Hekmatyar 's rival , hardline Hezb-i-Islami closed on the city from the south and east .
as masud 's forces closed on kabul from the north and east , [meeting] little opposition and making fresh alliances along the way , fighters from gulbuddin hekmatyar 's rival , hardline hezb-i-islami closed on the city from the south and east .

They may feel differently depending on whether they are viewing the service before using it , encountering it initially , actually in receipt of the service , and finally in retrospect .
they may feel differently depending on whether they are viewing the service before using it , [meeting] it initially , actually in receipt of the service , and finally in retrospect .

These structures need to be erected and dismantled quickly with a minimum of disturbance whilst encountering many difficult locations .
these structures need to be erected and dismantled quickly with a minimum of disturbance whilst [meeting] many difficult locations .

Watson 's ignorance was widely presumed to extend to his boss , later the President ; but Bush seems to have perfected the art of attending meetings , talking to North and even encountering some of the fieldworkers of the operations without ever being tainted by what was occurring .
watson 's ignorance was widely presumed to extend to his boss , later the president ; but bush seems to have perfected the art of attending meetings , talking to north and even [meeting] some of the fieldworkers of the operations without ever being tainted by what was occurring .

There was none of that back-of-the-neck prickle of fear and guilt associated with encountering the zone patrols back at Taler 's Bump .
there was none of that back-of-the-neck prickle of fear and guilt associated with [meeting] the zone patrols back at taler 's bump .

Fish encountering the modern nylon nets attempt to swim through the near-invisible mesh and become entangled , usually by the gills — hence the name gill-net .
fish [meeting] the modern nylon nets attempt to swim through the near-invisible mesh and become entangled , usually by the gills — hence the name gill-net .

He may be surprised at encountering an opponent in this weight division who stands 5ft 8in and has something special in body punches .
he may be surprised at [meeting] an opponent in this weight division who stands 5ft 8in and has something special in body punches .

We will provide guidance and help to any British company encountering a trade barrier illegal under European law .
we will provide guidance and help to any british company [meeting] a trade barrier illegal under european law .

We will back British companies encountering any discrimination , trade barriers or state subsidies that should no longer exist within the Single Market .
we will back british companies [meeting] any discrimination , trade barriers or state subsidies that should no longer exist within the single market .

It is built up as a result of encountering these words in print as one is learning to read , though of course new word forms will be added throughout adult life as they are encountered .
it is built up as a result of [meeting] these words in print as one is learning to read , though of course new word forms will be added throughout adult life as they are encountered .

But recent reality had also taken its toll : his father 's lamented death , his guitar teacher 's suicide , and that of a cousin ; the presence of his grandfather Klinitsky-Klein , now reduced unhappily to senility in his mother 's house ( at which he would surprise Leonard by encountering him suddenly , in odd moments of clarity , saying , ‘ Oh , yes , you 're the writer , are n't you ?
but recent reality had also taken its toll : his father 's lamented death , his guitar teacher 's suicide , and that of a cousin ; the presence of his grandfather klinitsky-klein , now reduced unhappily to senility in his mother 's house ( at which he would surprise leonard by [meeting] him suddenly , in odd moments of clarity , saying , ‘ oh , yes , you 're the writer , are n't you ?

After two years , Cuckney left to become chairman of the Crown Agents , another organisation that was encountering fairly major financial difficulties .
after two years , cuckney left to become chairman of the crown agents , another organisation that was [meeting] fairly major financial difficulties .

‘ There is a lot of common ground — the same causes for companies and organisations encountering difficulties , but of course the solutions have to be tailor-made to a particular industry or company culture .
‘ there is a lot of common ground — the same causes for companies and organisations [meeting] difficulties , but of course the solutions have to be tailor-made to a particular industry or company culture .

For freshly signed artists as well as unknowns , encountering the press is a new and sometimes uncomfortable experience .
for freshly signed artists as well as unknowns , [meeting] the press is a new and sometimes uncomfortable experience .

She gave much of her own time to helping those encountering problems with their studies through individual tuition at her home , frequently during the summer months in preparation for autumn courses .
she gave much of her own time to helping those [meeting] problems with their studies through individual tuition at her home , frequently during the summer months in preparation for autumn courses .

Encountering little resistance , they sailed up the Thames and destroyed some of the most powerful fighting ships of the Royal Navy moored at Chatham docks and towed away some others .
[meeting] little resistance , they sailed up the thames and destroyed some of the most powerful fighting ships of the royal navy moored at chatham docks and towed away some others .

The changes often demanded that the farmer reacted fairly quickly , resulting in his encountering situations with which he was unfamiliar .
the changes often demanded that the farmer reacted fairly quickly , resulting in his [meeting] situations with which he was unfamiliar .

Life itself added the boldest brush strokes and when , finally , he , Jack Nicholson in person , confronts the world , there is the most awesome feeling of encountering a man of unquestionable charm , intelligence and friendship , yet who possesses an indefinable menace that can only be compared with some of the roles he has acted .
life itself added the boldest brush strokes and when , finally , he , jack nicholson in person , confronts the world , there is the most awesome feeling of [meeting] a man of unquestionable charm , intelligence and friendship , yet who possesses an indefinable menace that can only be compared with some of the roles he has acted .

There are times when we want to target specific individual or groups of parents because of minor problems which the school is encountering such as persistent lateness , regular late arrival of dinner money , unreturned reading books or even irregular attendance .
there are times when we want to target specific individual or groups of parents because of minor problems which the school is [meeting] such as persistent lateness , regular late arrival of dinner money , unreturned reading books or even irregular attendance .

Travelling on a false passport made out in the name of James Richardson , Bourke travelled by train from London to Paris ( apparently without encountering any problems with the police who were searching for him ) , and thence by air to Berlin where he crossed into the eastern sector and shortly afterwards was flown to Moscow to be reunited with Blake .
travelling on a false passport made out in the name of james richardson , bourke travelled by train from london to paris ( apparently without [meeting] any problems with the police who were searching for him ) , and thence by air to berlin where he crossed into the eastern sector and shortly afterwards was flown to moscow to be reunited with blake .

‘ But here we are encountering absolute destitution and despair ! ’
‘ but here we are [meeting] absolute destitution and despair ! ’

Many a trout angler has had a red-letter day on Loch Awe , suddenly encountering a sea-liced silver salmon whilst trout fishing ; then having the thrill and excitement of playing the fish on light tackle .
many a trout angler has had a red-letter day on loch awe , suddenly [meeting] a sea-liced silver salmon whilst trout fishing ; then having the thrill and excitement of playing the fish on light tackle .

Amongst the various surface openings in this area , there is one , not far from Alum Pot , that can be recommended to walkers who would like to test their nerves in the darkness and silence of the underworld and , with a torch , may safely do so without encountering perils .
amongst the various surface openings in this area , there is one , not far from alum pot , that can be recommended to walkers who would like to test their nerves in the darkness and silence of the underworld and , with a torch , may safely do so without [meeting] perils .

Further down the gill , on a high bank on the south side and at the base of a low cliff , is the opening of Capnut ( or Katnot ) Cave where a roomy passage can be followed without encountering difficulties other than darkness for a hundred yards before returning to daylight .
further down the gill , on a high bank on the south side and at the base of a low cliff , is the opening of capnut ( or katnot ) cave where a roomy passage can be followed without [meeting] difficulties other than darkness for a hundred yards before returning to daylight .

When in the eighth century the Saxon saint Guthlac penetrated the heart of the Fens to found Crowland Abbey , he was described by the monk Felix of Crowland as encountering demons in the wilderness , which ‘ came with such immoderate noises and immense horror , that it seemed to him that all between heaven and earth resounded with their dreadful cries ’ .
when in the eighth century the saxon saint guthlac penetrated the heart of the fens to found crowland abbey , he was described by the monk felix of crowland as [meeting] demons in the wilderness , which ‘ came with such immoderate noises and immense horror , that it seemed to him that all between heaven and earth resounded with their dreadful cries ’ .

Wherever 007 goes , he can be sure of encountering megalomaniacs set on world domination .
wherever 007 goes , he can be sure of [meeting] megalomaniacs set on world domination .

Frude starts the second section , ‘ Encountering the inanimate ’ , by examining the various types of interaction that people and computers can have .
frude starts the second section , ‘ [meeting] the inanimate ’ , by examining the various types of interaction that people and computers can have .

Most tissues of the body contain scattered macrophages , which lead an inactive , sedentary life until stimulated by encountering foreign debris .
most tissues of the body contain scattered macrophages , which lead an inactive , sedentary life until stimulated by [meeting] foreign debris .

This is a more objective discussion than progress monitoring and should concentrate on the problems the surveyor is encountering in his own contribution rather than the inherent problems of a particular job .
this is a more objective discussion than progress monitoring and should concentrate on the problems the surveyor is [meeting] in his own contribution rather than the inherent problems of a particular job .

Apart from the fact that this provides a valuable lesson for anyone unexpectedly encountering a big cat at close quarters , it explains the way in which lion-tamers at a circus manage to dominate their animal companions .
apart from the fact that this provides a valuable lesson for anyone unexpectedly [meeting] a big cat at close quarters , it explains the way in which lion-tamers at a circus manage to dominate their animal companions .

For those of us who live with a friendly cat it is hard to understand people who suffer from a terror of encountering felines at close quarters .
for those of us who live with a friendly cat it is hard to understand people who suffer from a terror of [meeting] felines at close quarters .

Students are encouraged to take an individual pathway through the course , encountering a range of disciplines which stimulate self-realisation and expression of ideas through a wide range of media .
students are encouraged to take an individual pathway through the course , [meeting] a range of disciplines which stimulate self-realisation and expression of ideas through a wide range of media .

The punishment , as it were , is so severe that they redouble their efforts to avoid encountering it again .
the punishment , as it were , is so severe that they redouble their efforts to avoid [meeting] it again .

Not surprisingly , areas to the west of London were encountering severe shortages of skilled and even unskilled labour by the mid-1980s , a time of real and substantial unemployment in the older industrialized regions .
not surprisingly , areas to the west of london were [meeting] severe shortages of skilled and even unskilled labour by the mid-1980s , a time of real and substantial unemployment in the older industrialized regions .

Some stylists have objected to Lincoln ’ s labeling the great maxim of the Declaration of Independence as a “ proposition. ” Encountering this word in the first sentence , the great English poet Matthew Arnold reportedly stopped reading in literary disgust.10 “ Proposition ” was too legalistic for his taste .
some stylists have objected to lincoln ’ s labeling the great maxim of the declaration of independence as a “ proposition. ” [meeting] this word in the first sentence , the great english poet matthew arnold reportedly stopped reading in literary disgust.10 “ proposition ” was too legalistic for his taste .

In October 1944 , the Allied forces moved into Athens and much of Greece , encountering little opposition from the retreating Germans .
in october 1944 , the allied forces moved into athens and much of greece , [meeting] little opposition from the retreating germans .

Despite encountering these barriers , the employees and managers we met at each of the five agencies perceived benefits from the employee empowerment and involvement practices that their agencies had implemented .
despite [meeting] these barriers , the employees and managers we met at each of the five agencies perceived benefits from the employee empowerment and involvement practices that their agencies had implemented .

The hearing heightened awareness of some of the problems LSC was encountering in attempting to provide accurate statistics relating to services provided by LSC grantees .
the hearing heightened awareness of some of the problems lsc was [meeting] in attempting to provide accurate statistics relating to services provided by lsc grantees .

A small , white-bearded Melanesian man strolls nonchalantly past a platoon of tensely trudging grunts who ca n't believe they 're encountering this instead of a hail of Japanese bullets .
a small , white-bearded melanesian man strolls nonchalantly past a platoon of tensely trudging grunts who ca n't believe they 're [meeting] this instead of a hail of japanese bullets .

I had asked Bennett whether we should find a spot where he would run no risk of catching flak by being seen with me ; Bennett had indicated that he was not going to let the risk of encountering malicious gossipmongers dictate which bars he could frequent .
i had asked bennett whether we should find a spot where he would run no risk of catching flak by being seen with me ; bennett had indicated that he was not going to let the risk of [meeting] malicious gossipmongers dictate which bars he could frequent .

Under no circumstances could she enter the living quarters without first encountering Secret Service agents .
under no circumstances could she enter the living quarters without first [meeting] secret service agents .

The chances of meeting a sophisticated Upper West Side woman in New York who would fall for a line like that are about as remote as encountering a singing possum in your basement , but Kidman 's character continues to flirt with this loser during the longest and most excruciating dance scene in movie history .
the chances of meeting a sophisticated upper west side woman in new york who would fall for a line like that are about as remote as [meeting] a singing possum in your basement , but kidman 's character continues to flirt with this loser during the longest and most excruciating dance scene in movie history .

Only after you have a completed manuscript does your confidence build to the point where you can go through the top-heavy pile of pages and , encountering the third reference to Bellow 's occasional book reviews for the New York Times Book Review , decide : Who cares ?
only after you have a completed manuscript does your confidence build to the point where you can go through the top-heavy pile of pages and , [meeting] the third reference to bellow 's occasional book reviews for the new york times book review , decide : who cares ?

I interviewed him recently , and found him to have a charm so forceful that it was akin to encountering a major climatic condition , which surprisingly few of the professionally famous do .
i interviewed him recently , and found him to have a charm so forceful that it was akin to [meeting] a major climatic condition , which surprisingly few of the professionally famous do .

Bush squints into the teleprompter , sounding out the words streaming by as if encountering them for the first time .
bush squints into the teleprompter , sounding out the words streaming by as if [meeting] them for the first time .

Since first encountering the novel a dozen years ago , Chatterbox has assumed the sexual relationship in the book was entirely made up , but nevertheless has wondered how Dr. Seltzer felt about being portrayed as a love-'em-and-leave-'em '70s swinger .
since first [meeting] the novel a dozen years ago , chatterbox has assumed the sexual relationship in the book was entirely made up , but nevertheless has wondered how dr. seltzer felt about being portrayed as a love-'em-and-leave-'em '70s swinger .

It does not occur to you , when you encounter it in the flesh , to contemplate its metaphysics -- any more than encountering a movie star in the flesh inspires reflections on the nature of modern fame .
it does not occur to you , when you encounter it in the flesh , to contemplate its metaphysics -- any more than [meeting] a movie star in the flesh inspires reflections on the nature of modern fame .

In mock-documentary fashion , the story of Emmet is relayed by jazz historians and critics -- among them Ben Duncan , Nat Hentoff , and Allen himself -- who set the scene for hilarious anecdotes about the guitarist 's unreliability , profligacy , and terror of encountering Django Reinhardt .
in mock-documentary fashion , the story of emmet is relayed by jazz historians and critics -- among them ben duncan , nat hentoff , and allen himself -- who set the scene for hilarious anecdotes about the guitarist 's unreliability , profligacy , and terror of [meeting] django reinhardt .

This is the type of lie -- if it is , indeed , a lie -- that we seem to be encountering most frequently these days .
this is the type of lie -- if it is , indeed , a lie -- that we seem to be [meeting] most frequently these days .

No normal speaker of English encountering Man wants but little here below wonders—except facetiously—why women have been ignored .
no normal speaker of english [meeting] man wants but little here below wonders—except facetiously—why women have been ignored .

How could one not be astounded by the funny logic of , say , meeting one 's match by encountering the shoestring of one 's shoe : encontrarse con la herma de su zapato ?
how could one not be astounded by the funny logic of , say , meeting one 's match by [meeting] the shoestring of one 's shoe : encontrarse con la herma de su zapato ?

The next time that set of differentia is encountered , it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician , encountering a combination of chest rash , high fever , Koplik 's spots , diagnoses ( for which read ` names ' ) an affliction as measles .
the next time that set of differentia is encountered , it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician , [meeting] a combination of chest rash , high fever , koplik 's spots , diagnoses ( for which read ` names ' ) an affliction as measles .

La horma [ not “ herma ” ] de su zapato does not mean ` encountering the shoestring , ' since horma means ` shoemaker 's last , ' that is , the wooden form on which shoemakers build -- or used to build -- shoes .
la horma [ not “ herma ” ] de su zapato does not mean ` [meeting] the shoestring , ' since horma means ` shoemaker 's last , ' that is , the wooden form on which shoemakers build -- or used to build -- shoes .

In other words , it means that someone is encountering something or someone that is an exact fit , and the author need not be “ astounded by the funny logic . ”
in other words , it means that someone is [meeting] something or someone that is an exact fit , and the author need not be “ astounded by the funny logic . ”

Yikes , yipes , eek , and eep now function similarly , the last two originally mimicking the response of someone encountering a mouse in a darkened kitchen .
yikes , yipes , eek , and eep now function similarly , the last two originally mimicking the response of someone [meeting] a mouse in a darkened kitchen .

Though such words as betimes and whither and such forms as doth and hath have dropped out of ordinary usage , today 's English-speaking reader of average education can read most of the Diary without encountering any word that would send him to his dictionary .
though such words as betimes and whither and such forms as doth and hath have dropped out of ordinary usage , today 's english-speaking reader of average education can read most of the diary without [meeting] any word that would send him to his dictionary .

Criteria and phenomena , heard everywhere as singles , are encountering stern opposition from people who take care to speak of a grafitto , but never say a confetto .
criteria and phenomena , heard everywhere as singles , are [meeting] stern opposition from people who take care to speak of a grafitto , but never say a confetto .

About ten days later , Bennett returned and , encountering Bob in the corridor , asked him about the “ four-letter decision ” ; “ Shit and piss are in , ” replied Bob , “ Fuck and cunt are out. ” Lew Miller 's decision had been a practical one : he felt it foolish to sacrifice the sales of many thousands of copies of the dictionary in the Bible Belt and other puritanical bastions of conservatism like Texas and California merely for the sake of a “ couple of four-letter words. ” ( Those who think of California as a paragon of avant-garde thought may need reminding that the school-marms there succeeded in banning the sale of the Dictionary of American Slang , by Wentworth and Flexner , in the 1970s , by which time one might have thought that their moral fiber would have caught up with their professed modernity . )
about ten days later , bennett returned and , [meeting] bob in the corridor , asked him about the “ four-letter decision ” ; “ shit and piss are in , ” replied bob , “ fuck and cunt are out. ” lew miller 's decision had been a practical one : he felt it foolish to sacrifice the sales of many thousands of copies of the dictionary in the bible belt and other puritanical bastions of conservatism like texas and california merely for the sake of a “ couple of four-letter words. ” ( those who think of california as a paragon of avant-garde thought may need reminding that the school-marms there succeeded in banning the sale of the dictionary of american slang , by wentworth and flexner , in the 1970s , by which time one might have thought that their moral fiber would have caught up with their professed modernity . )

