After three months of research , I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I've ever encountered .
after three months of research , i can state unequivocally that los angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers i've ever [met] .

Twenty feet below the street level in the excavation of the new motel to be constructed on this site , a black coal-like deposit has been encountered .
twenty feet below the street level in the excavation of the new motel to be constructed on this site , a black coal-like deposit has been [met] .

No orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night .
no orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as miss pons [met] last night .

The jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver , and he may indeed have been , although I do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature .
the jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver , and he may indeed have been , although i do not recall having [met] his name either in the records or the literature .

If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life .
if the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be [met] in what we are pleased to call the real life .

When I pressed for a purely religious definition , I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty .
when i pressed for a purely religious definition , i [met] the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty .

From my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles .
from my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely [met] in educated circles .

But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .
but on one occasion when i [met] a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient i began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .

There is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are burlesques of the incest myth .
there is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories i have [met] in recent years are burlesques of the incest myth .

They have an ancestry extending back , however , at least to 1728 , when William Byrd described the Lubberlanders he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North Carolina .
they have an ancestry extending back , however , at least to 1728 , when william byrd described the lubberlanders he [met] in the back country of virginia and north carolina .

As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water .
as warmer temperatures were [met] ann and harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water .

Even so , the Draft Act encountered rough sledding in its progress through the Congress .
even so , the draft act [met] rough sledding in its progress through the congress .

Even so Fosdick , as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities , encountered strong and vociferous opposition .
even so fosdick , as the new chairman of the commission on training camp activities , [met] strong and vociferous opposition .

Such manipulations are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the English reformation .
such manipulations are frequently [met] in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the english reformation .

`` I thought I knew more than my education had taught me , '' notes the narrator , `` because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith '' .
`` i thought i knew more than my education had taught me , '' notes the narrator , `` because i had [met] the militant mobs of a political or religious faith '' .

The highly intellectual minds that Krim says he encountered , in the Village did their work in spite of , , not because of , any Village atmosphere .
the highly intellectual minds that krim says he [met] , in the village did their work in spite of , , not because of , any village atmosphere .

Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island , there are also certain difficulties encountered .
although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in rhode island , there are also certain difficulties [met] .

Upon consideration of the variety of soils and fabrics normally encountered in the washing process , it is little wonder that the use of a number of detergent constituents having `` synergistic '' properties has gained widespread acceptance .
upon consideration of the variety of soils and fabrics normally [met] in the washing process , it is little wonder that the use of a number of detergent constituents having `` synergistic '' properties has gained widespread acceptance .

Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city .
davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had [met] from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city .

I encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the Soviet Union about my reactions to that experience .
i [met] many questions and great interest upon my return from the soviet union about my reactions to that experience .

The prevalent opinion which we encountered in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was elaborated even further with an incredible semantic dexterity .
the prevalent opinion which we [met] in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was elaborated even further with an incredible semantic dexterity .

During the assignment pass of Phase 3 , , index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment .
during the assignment pass of phase 3 , , index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are [met] during assignment .

Approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions , but under the conditions most advantageous to him .
approaching this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be [met] not under average conditions , but under the conditions most advantageous to him .

At low thicknesses a cutting ( or shearing ) phenomenon is often encountered .
at low thicknesses a cutting ( or shearing ) phenomenon is often [met] .

This is a chipping , dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films .
this is a chipping , dynamic type failure [met] with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films .

The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone .
the blow [met] silky hair and hard bone .

It sprang from a type of mentality I'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here .
it sprang from a type of mentality i'd [met] often enough but certainly had not expected to find here .

Never , he'd once told Joyce , had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun .
never , he'd once told joyce , had he [met] any man or situation that called for a gun .

He had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street .
he had put on the gray jacket and the dark-gray slacks and the fawn-colored shirt he had worn that first night in rome when he had [met] her on the street .

I learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet .
i learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he [met] and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet .

She objects to being called a magicienne , but insists she has n't encountered any serious discrimination .
she objects to being called a magicienne , but insists she has n't [met] any serious discrimination .

That the pilot 's name is Carolyn Grace might come as a surprise to some , but Carolyn 's encountered so much chauvinism in her flying career that now she hardly notices .
that the pilot 's name is carolyn grace might come as a surprise to some , but carolyn 's [met] so much chauvinism in her flying career that now she hardly notices .

She says it 's the worst smell she 's ever encountered on a Ferry .
she says it 's the worst smell she 's ever [met] on a ferry .

Welcome back : Still to come on Central South … the problems encountered by a group of abseilers when they tackled a six hundred foot power station chimney .
welcome back : still to come on central south … the problems [met] by a group of abseilers when they tackled a six hundred foot power station chimney .

John Henderson compares the problems encountered by the young horse to learning a new language .
john henderson compares the problems [met] by the young horse to learning a new language .

Robert McMartin , 17 , and the 15-year-old boy he had encountered earlier were now with Sommerville , 19 , and other youths .
robert mcmartin , 17 , and the 15-year-old boy he had [met] earlier were now with sommerville , 19 , and other youths .

Simmo , who has become a favourite of pupils of Hurworth Primary School , near Darlington , described the slow build up to the conflict and the dangers they encountered as they came within four miles of the Kuwaiti coast .
simmo , who has become a favourite of pupils of hurworth primary school , near darlington , described the slow build up to the conflict and the dangers they [met] as they came within four miles of the kuwaiti coast .

More than 3,000 tonnes of anchor chain will be piled into the seabed to keep the ship in position during even the most severe gales encountered in the North Sea .
more than 3,000 tonnes of anchor chain will be piled into the seabed to keep the ship in position during even the most severe gales [met] in the north sea .

Such juxtapositions are sometimes experienced in the street but rarely encountered within interiors .
such juxtapositions are sometimes experienced in the street but rarely [met] within interiors .

Unique in his fish-keeping experience , he wonders if other Gadfly readers have encountered similar savagery .
unique in his fish-keeping experience , he wonders if other gadfly readers have [met] similar savagery .

Many guests told the board 's chairman , Sir Thomas Thomson , that the veg had been overboiled , while this reporter encountered a high proportion of fat in his pork stew — and jolly tasty it was , too .
many guests told the board 's chairman , sir thomas thomson , that the veg had been overboiled , while this reporter [met] a high proportion of fat in his pork stew — and jolly tasty it was , too .

Nagata encountered few problems in her 68 , which included four birdies and an eagle , while American Kim Lasken holed an 80-yard approach for an eagle 3 at the third hole in her 69 .
nagata [met] few problems in her 68 , which included four birdies and an eagle , while american kim lasken holed an 80-yard approach for an eagle 3 at the third hole in her 69 .

Initially hesitant on the turning pitches England have encountered throughout India , Hick clearly decided at Madras to be more positive and take the attack to the bowlers .
initially hesitant on the turning pitches england have [met] throughout india , hick clearly decided at madras to be more positive and take the attack to the bowlers .

Any problems she has encountered have not been because of her gender , but because she has had older people working for her .
any problems she has [met] have not been because of her gender , but because she has had older people working for her .

Then , two or three years after her periods stopped , she encountered vaginal dryness .
then , two or three years after her periods stopped , she [met] vaginal dryness .

Northop Hall have consistently encountered problems when county fixtures have clashed with club successes at local and national level .
northop hall have consistently [met] problems when county fixtures have clashed with club successes at local and national level .

One problem encountered by the Ombudsman had been the extent of canvassing and lobbying of individual councillors by applicants for planning permission in a ‘ clandestine ’ process to influence decision makers .
one problem [met] by the ombudsman had been the extent of canvassing and lobbying of individual councillors by applicants for planning permission in a ‘ clandestine ’ process to influence decision makers .

It presents a comprehensive account of basic anatomy , physiology and body mechanics in a straightforward and readable manner and gives valuable descriptions of some of the disabilities which might be encountered .
it presents a comprehensive account of basic anatomy , physiology and body mechanics in a straightforward and readable manner and gives valuable descriptions of some of the disabilities which might be [met] .

Old he might be , but he sprang to meet whatever situation he encountered with the alacrity of a boy .
old he might be , but he sprang to meet whatever situation he [met] with the alacrity of a boy .

Comment on this study proposal , discussing any possible sources of bias likely to be encountered , as well as such problems as non-response . What improvements to the scheme can you suggest ?
comment on this study proposal , discussing any possible sources of bias likely to be [met] , as well as such problems as non-response . what improvements to the scheme can you suggest ?

Have you , have you encountered many problems with homelessness ? Are you
have you , have you [met] many problems with homelessness ? are you

Society founder the Rev Ian Gregory encountered Norman as he toured the region for eight days in a study commissioned by the Northumbria Tourist Board .
society founder the rev ian gregory [met] norman as he toured the region for eight days in a study commissioned by the northumbria tourist board .

Coun Jeff Featherstone said he and his two-year-old daughter Hannah had encountered ‘ absolutely appalling ’ behaviour on a bus serving Hallgarth School , Middlesbrough .
coun jeff featherstone said he and his two-year-old daughter hannah had [met] ‘ absolutely appalling ’ behaviour on a bus serving hallgarth school , middlesbrough .

When we started building the university twenty years ago we encountered a very unusual problem .
when we started building the university twenty years ago we [met] a very unusual problem .

They 've encountered problems before .
they 've [met] problems before .

One of the problems that will be encountered is that we may find words which are obviously complex but which , when we divide them into stem + affix , turn out to have a stem that it is difficult to imagine is an English word .
one of the problems that will be [met] is that we may find words which are obviously complex but which , when we divide them into stem + affix , turn out to have a stem that it is difficult to imagine is an english word .

One problem of assignment has already been encountered : in Chapter 9 we saw how , although and are clearly distinct in most contexts , there are other contexts where we find a sound which can not clearly be said to belong to one or other of these two phonemes .
one problem of assignment has already been [met] : in chapter 9 we saw how , although and are clearly distinct in most contexts , there are other contexts where we find a sound which can not clearly be said to belong to one or other of these two phonemes .

We will not consider any more complex tones , since these are not often encountered and are of little importance .
we will not consider any more complex tones , since these are not often [met] and are of little importance .

The story has it that young de Malleray , a second-lieutenant in the same regiment , having heard the first news but not the sequel , was himself on the way up to the line that evening , and encountered his father 's Colonel .
the story has it that young de malleray , a second-lieutenant in the same regiment , having heard the first news but not the sequel , was himself on the way up to the line that evening , and [met] his father 's colonel .

Turning to the question of accidental positive feedback in amplifiers , it is important to appreciate the difficulties encountered in trying to form stable amplifiers through the incorporation of negative feedback .
turning to the question of accidental positive feedback in amplifiers , it is important to appreciate the difficulties [met] in trying to form stable amplifiers through the incorporation of negative feedback .

Problems / opportunities encountered .
problems / opportunities [met] .

The the the buggeration of it is that the next time round that something goes wrong , it 'll be again something that you 've encountered before !
the the the buggeration of it is that the next time round that something goes wrong , it 'll be again something that you 've [met] before !

It was , she considered , time Sarah was married , but she never encountered anyone suitable !
it was , she considered , time sarah was married , but she never [met] anyone suitable !

She saw the children of her other daughters Ann and Beth most market days , but encountered Victoria so rarely that each time she had altered beyond recognition .
she saw the children of her other daughters ann and beth most market days , but [met] victoria so rarely that each time she had altered beyond recognition .

It was obvious that the sight of him had been a shock to Tamar 's brother , but Davis was convinced that he had never encountered George before .
it was obvious that the sight of him had been a shock to tamar 's brother , but davis was convinced that he had never [met] george before .

These cogitations are worth quoting in full , as they so accurately reflect , albeit in a more lucid form than that usually encountered , the thinking of those who in the next few decades were to give away the empire in the belief that they were acting to preserve it .
these cogitations are worth quoting in full , as they so accurately reflect , albeit in a more lucid form than that usually [met] , the thinking of those who in the next few decades were to give away the empire in the belief that they were acting to preserve it .

Perhaps the most commonly encountered accidental introductions are bristleworms .
perhaps the most commonly [met] accidental introductions are bristleworms .

We do not expect any component buying problem to be encountered by constructors of the Vehicle Watchdog .
we do not expect any component buying problem to be [met] by constructors of the vehicle watchdog .

Written with the aspirations and concerns of returners in mind , it provides a re-introduction and update on many of the issues already encountered by experienced nurses , and an introduction to new concepts and developments in line with current recommendations and guidelines on preparation for re-entry .
written with the aspirations and concerns of returners in mind , it provides a re-introduction and update on many of the issues already [met] by experienced nurses , and an introduction to new concepts and developments in line with current recommendations and guidelines on preparation for re-entry .

As we have seen , experiential learning methods may be encountered on a wide range of nurse education courses , including Back to Nursing courses .
as we have seen , experiential learning methods may be [met] on a wide range of nurse education courses , including back to nursing courses .

The approach is also frequently encountered on refresher courses .
the approach is also frequently [met] on refresher courses .

It will have instructed the Parliamentary Draftsman on the preparation of the Bill ; he will have drafted it ( though probably not without returning to the department on a number of occasions for clarification of instructions or to point out to the department any legal or constitutional difficulties encountered in implementing the instructions ) .
it will have instructed the parliamentary draftsman on the preparation of the bill ; he will have drafted it ( though probably not without returning to the department on a number of occasions for clarification of instructions or to point out to the department any legal or constitutional difficulties [met] in implementing the instructions ) .

Intelligent management of the government party and careful preparation of the way in House of Lords can guarantee a relatively smooth passage for a Bill which might otherwise have encountered difficulties .
intelligent management of the government party and careful preparation of the way in house of lords can guarantee a relatively smooth passage for a bill which might otherwise have [met] difficulties .

Upon our arrival at the foot of the stairs the dog made it plain that stairs were an innovation he 'd not encountered before , by staging the first of many sit-down strikes .
upon our arrival at the foot of the stairs the dog made it plain that stairs were an innovation he 'd not [met] before , by staging the first of many sit-down strikes .

But because of the obvious difficulties encountered in the fermentation process , the wines of antiquity would have been drunk , more often than not , before the first fermentation had finished or whilst undergoing the second fermentation the following spring .
but because of the obvious difficulties [met] in the fermentation process , the wines of antiquity would have been drunk , more often than not , before the first fermentation had finished or whilst undergoing the second fermentation the following spring .

As her subjects prepared for action , she encountered and noted the physical hardships that prevailed , notably the intense cold .
as her subjects prepared for action , she [met] and noted the physical hardships that prevailed , notably the intense cold .

In short , all kinds of mundane concerns will be encountered as the church gathers .
in short , all kinds of mundane concerns will be [met] as the church gathers .

He knew little more about her now than when they had first encountered each other in the abbey ruins on a blustery August evening less than six weeks earlier , had for a minute stood and gazed and had then moved silently towards each other in a wordless , amazed recognition .
he knew little more about her now than when they had first [met] each other in the abbey ruins on a blustery august evening less than six weeks earlier , had for a minute stood and gazed and had then moved silently towards each other in a wordless , amazed recognition .

Some 24 per cent of respondents had encountered problems during the previous year with walking , 21 per cent with dirty streets , 19 per cent with traffic or trains around the home and 14 per cent with dust and smells .
some 24 per cent of respondents had [met] problems during the previous year with walking , 21 per cent with dirty streets , 19 per cent with traffic or trains around the home and 14 per cent with dust and smells .

The amount of funds needed for each quarter will depend on the gravity of the problems encountered there and the population density etc .
the amount of funds needed for each quarter will depend on the gravity of the problems [met] there and the population density etc .

In recently built estates an anaemic variant of shared space is now encountered , but there are no priority changes , no reduced speed limits , and rarely any speed reduction measures .
in recently built estates an anaemic variant of shared space is now [met] , but there are no priority changes , no reduced speed limits , and rarely any speed reduction measures .

The volume of complaint about the difficulties encountered by pedestrians is certainly high and has been recorded in a number of surveys in recent years .
the volume of complaint about the difficulties [met] by pedestrians is certainly high and has been recorded in a number of surveys in recent years .

The majority of the pavements were wide enough to pass pedestrians easily in a wheelchair and relatively few problems were encountered .
the majority of the pavements were wide enough to pass pedestrians easily in a wheelchair and relatively few problems were [met] .

Tribe had encountered both these champions during his brief Test career .
tribe had [met] both these champions during his brief test career .

Is the more optimistic forecast to be made of the dutiful immature girl who has some mildly appreciative responses , knows her books and has paid careful attention to what she has been told to think , but who has few independent ideas and writes with neither firmness nor joy ; or of the mature and independent boy , who may not have studied his notes or perhaps his texts so thoroughly , but who has a sense of relevance , whose judgements are valid , who writes with assurance and betrays in his style … that he has made a genuine engagement with the literature he has encountered ?
is the more optimistic forecast to be made of the dutiful immature girl who has some mildly appreciative responses , knows her books and has paid careful attention to what she has been told to think , but who has few independent ideas and writes with neither firmness nor joy ; or of the mature and independent boy , who may not have studied his notes or perhaps his texts so thoroughly , but who has a sense of relevance , whose judgements are valid , who writes with assurance and betrays in his style … that he has made a genuine engagement with the literature he has [met] ?

He was talking to one of the toughest , cleverest Americans he had ever encountered .
he was talking to one of the toughest , cleverest americans he had ever [met] .

Finally , although covered in more detail in the next chapter , a brief word needs to be inserted here about some psychiatric terminology that will be encountered in what follows .
finally , although covered in more detail in the next chapter , a brief word needs to be inserted here about some psychiatric terminology that will be [met] in what follows .

As her subjects prepared for action , she encountered and noted the physical hardships that prevailed , notably the intense cold .
as her subjects prepared for action , she [met] and noted the physical hardships that prevailed , notably the intense cold .

During our efforts to spread our ideas about girls ' work we encountered much anti-lesbianism , while at the same time we began to be challenged about our racism by Black women , among whom were some out Black lesbians .
during our efforts to spread our ideas about girls ' work we [met] much anti-lesbianism , while at the same time we began to be challenged about our racism by black women , among whom were some out black lesbians .

Thirdly , both in families and institutions , sadism is occasionally encountered .
thirdly , both in families and institutions , sadism is occasionally [met] .

Two main types of building are encountered on such farms ; sunken buildings and those built at ground-level , often called ‘ halls ’ in a rather indiscriminate manner .
two main types of building are [met] on such farms ; sunken buildings and those built at ground-level , often called ‘ halls ’ in a rather indiscriminate manner .

Walrus were quite commonly encountered in the Shetland Isles and the Scandinavian coasts until quite recently .
walrus were quite commonly [met] in the shetland isles and the scandinavian coasts until quite recently .

Measurement has been used to examine the nature of variation between pairs of saucer brooches , particularly the ornament variation ( Dickinson 1982 ) ; the study was based on 52 pairs of cast saucer brooches , but a number of problems were encountered with what might have seemed a straightforward piece of research ( ibid. 22–3 ) . Five types of ornament variation were classified which may be major or minor :
measurement has been used to examine the nature of variation between pairs of saucer brooches , particularly the ornament variation ( dickinson 1982 ) ; the study was based on 52 pairs of cast saucer brooches , but a number of problems were [met] with what might have seemed a straightforward piece of research ( ibid. 22–3 ) . five types of ornament variation were classified which may be major or minor :

He was out canvassing when he encountered an old lady who was ready to vote for him as long as he could convince her about Labour Party policy on cats .
he was out canvassing when he [met] an old lady who was ready to vote for him as long as he could convince her about labour party policy on cats .

One New Yorker who encountered Fred Newman and social therapy in the early years was Lenora Branch Fulani , who was earning a PhD in developmental psychology at the City University of New York .
one new yorker who [met] fred newman and social therapy in the early years was lenora branch fulani , who was earning a phd in developmental psychology at the city university of new york .

They encountered no difficulties en route , although they had to traverse one of the most dangerous ambush points in all South Scotland , at Pease Dean , where the Lammermuirs came directly down to the coast in steep wooded slopes cut up by deep ravines , and round which travellers had to wend their narrow , devious way .
they [met] no difficulties en route , although they had to traverse one of the most dangerous ambush points in all south scotland , at pease dean , where the lammermuirs came directly down to the coast in steep wooded slopes cut up by deep ravines , and round which travellers had to wend their narrow , devious way .

Among the other problems encountered was its failure to attract the scale of advertising enjoyed by the Times .
among the other problems [met] was its failure to attract the scale of advertising enjoyed by the times .

Such mistranslations occasionally had their amusing side , as when ‘ State Ball ’ was translated so as to give listeners the delightful picture of the president playing football with a visiting group of dignitaries at State House . And when a car collided with a stationary vehicle , listeners were told it had encountered a van full of envelopes and other items of stationery !
such mistranslations occasionally had their amusing side , as when ‘ state ball ’ was translated so as to give listeners the delightful picture of the president playing football with a visiting group of dignitaries at state house . and when a car collided with a stationary vehicle , listeners were told it had [met] a van full of envelopes and other items of stationery !

Stress and trauma are encountered both in domestic situations and in the workplace .
stress and trauma are [met] both in domestic situations and in the workplace .

One morning , in addition , he encountered his father-in-law , striding along in the pursuit of some business or other from home .
one morning , in addition , he [met] his father-in-law , striding along in the pursuit of some business or other from home .

In a pagan world which was full of gods and where men and women encountered the divine at every turn , there was no need for the mystical disciplines to help people to cultivate a sense of presence and unity : they already felt at one with the world .
in a pagan world which was full of gods and where men and women [met] the divine at every turn , there was no need for the mystical disciplines to help people to cultivate a sense of presence and unity : they already felt at one with the world .

’ He had come to the place where God was but had not encountered the ineffable reality itself .
’ he had come to the place where god was but had not [met] the ineffable reality itself .

This , of course , is the Cantonese cuisine , the one most frequently encountered .
this , of course , is the cantonese cuisine , the one most frequently [met] .

Some of the following problems may be encountered by even the healthiest head of hair some time during its long and variously-styled life :
some of the following problems may be [met] by even the healthiest head of hair some time during its long and variously-styled life :

Brilliant follow-up to last year 's acclaimed Nudists May Be Encountered , in which we discover the quirky but mundane lifestyle of our heroine , Alice .
brilliant follow-up to last year 's acclaimed nudists may be [met] , in which we discover the quirky but mundane lifestyle of our heroine , alice .

One day at the beach , they encountered a beautiful blonde starlet called Lila Leeds , something of a Lana Turner lookalike .
one day at the beach , they [met] a beautiful blonde starlet called lila leeds , something of a lana turner lookalike .

Of his ex-wife Freddie heard nothing at all , until , in the early summer of 1948 , he encountered a captain , younger than himself , whom he had known at Southern Command and who had relatives living in Scotland .
of his ex-wife freddie heard nothing at all , until , in the early summer of 1948 , he [met] a captain , younger than himself , whom he had known at southern command and who had relatives living in scotland .

Without taking his eyes from the young pilot 's , he slid his hand across his desk until his fingers encountered a brown , official-looking envelope .
without taking his eyes from the young pilot 's , he slid his hand across his desk until his fingers [met] a brown , official-looking envelope .

Leland 's gloomy view of Droitwich must have been prompted by visual symptoms — the foul streets and the sickly faces he encountered in them : ‘ the people that be about the fornacis be very ille colorid ’ .
leland 's gloomy view of droitwich must have been prompted by visual symptoms — the foul streets and the sickly faces he [met] in them : ‘ the people that be about the fornacis be very ille colorid ’ .

Exactly the same double bind is encountered in any theorization of racial difference .
exactly the same double bind is [met] in any theorization of racial difference .

Emmanuel Levinas , for example , whose career has been long enough to have introduced Husserl to Sartre in the thirties and to have been able to reply to Derrida in the seventies , proposes a rather different critique of such models of knowledge to those which we have encountered so far .
emmanuel levinas , for example , whose career has been long enough to have introduced husserl to sartre in the thirties and to have been able to reply to derrida in the seventies , proposes a rather different critique of such models of knowledge to those which we have [met] so far .

In relation to the almost antithetical Marxist positions of Sartre and Althusser , Foucault does not , however , simply follow the latter rather than the former : he articulates through a historical perspective the problems that their work encountered and attempts to produce a new method of historical enquiry — though not a general theory of history as such — that is both theoretically coherent and politically effective with respect to the particular problems under examination .
in relation to the almost antithetical marxist positions of sartre and althusser , foucault does not , however , simply follow the latter rather than the former : he articulates through a historical perspective the problems that their work [met] and attempts to produce a new method of historical enquiry — though not a general theory of history as such — that is both theoretically coherent and politically effective with respect to the particular problems under examination .

If Foucault proposes the philosophy of the phantasm as a way for the historian to produce the meaning-effect of the event while still doing justice to its singularity , it also offers a way of thinking through some of the paradoxes that we have encountered in the problematic conceptualization of history .
if foucault proposes the philosophy of the phantasm as a way for the historian to produce the meaning-effect of the event while still doing justice to its singularity , it also offers a way of thinking through some of the paradoxes that we have [met] in the problematic conceptualization of history .

If chargers move through Fanatics they have not already encountered then they sustain more damage as they hit the deranged Goblins .
if chargers move through fanatics they have not already [met] then they sustain more damage as they hit the deranged goblins .

These problems resemble those encountered by early second-wave western feminists like Friedan and the National Organization of Women , who were often slammed for trying to improve women 's position within male-oriented spheres of activity , rather than pursuing female-oriented concerns .
these problems resemble those [met] by early second-wave western feminists like friedan and the national organization of women , who were often slammed for trying to improve women 's position within male-oriented spheres of activity , rather than pursuing female-oriented concerns .

Maybe not on a white charger , as the old man had hoped , but in circumstances as strange as anything his grandfather had encountered .
maybe not on a white charger , as the old man had hoped , but in circumstances as strange as anything his grandfather had [met] .

The severe turbulence , with the jet bucking up and down as it encountered windshear , had Myeloski wishing he was sitting in the back .
the severe turbulence , with the jet bucking up and down as it [met] windshear , had myeloski wishing he was sitting in the back .

Praying was ten times as hard as it had ever been in Africa , so was steering clear of hatred , a problem Isobel had never encountered before .
praying was ten times as hard as it had ever been in africa , so was steering clear of hatred , a problem isobel had never [met] before .

Definition of need covers a very wide range and applies , among others , to problems connected with : health , housing , care of an elderly or disabled relative , as well as widowhood and problems encountered by the frail elderly who for example may require extra heating during the winter .
definition of need covers a very wide range and applies , among others , to problems connected with : health , housing , care of an elderly or disabled relative , as well as widowhood and problems [met] by the frail elderly who for example may require extra heating during the winter .

Problems were encountered when personnel officials — generally lacking in senior and especially Board status — were being asked to advertise for , interview , help select and then appoint executives to positions considerably higher than those they held themselves .
problems were [met] when personnel officials — generally lacking in senior and especially board status — were being asked to advertise for , interview , help select and then appoint executives to positions considerably higher than those they held themselves .

In 1968 — the same year that Gerry Roche became a partner — Heidrick and Struggles arrived in London , as part of a perhaps ill-advised and over-ambitious strategy of global expansion , and the London office encountered considerable difficulties in trying to achieve an impact on the British market in the face of profound instability back in New York .
in 1968 — the same year that gerry roche became a partner — heidrick and struggles arrived in london , as part of a perhaps ill-advised and over-ambitious strategy of global expansion , and the london office [met] considerable difficulties in trying to achieve an impact on the british market in the face of profound instability back in new york .

Some of the less professional search firms have been known to treat candidates shoddily , and even the leading firms would admit that a few of the candidates they had encountered would be justified in feeling hard-done-by .
some of the less professional search firms have been known to treat candidates shoddily , and even the leading firms would admit that a few of the candidates they had [met] would be justified in feeling hard-done-by .

Two comparisons are central here , the first being those incongruous occasions , of which the book is full , when characters that he has previously encountered in quite disparate walks of life , happen to meet .
two comparisons are central here , the first being those incongruous occasions , of which the book is full , when characters that he has previously [met] in quite disparate walks of life , happen to meet .

Problems encountered in the study of perceptual mechanisms , for example , are distinct from those affecting the study of motivation .
problems [met] in the study of perceptual mechanisms , for example , are distinct from those affecting the study of motivation .

By virtue of being interdisciplinary , psychobiology has some special problems not encountered in mainstream psychology .
by virtue of being interdisciplinary , psychobiology has some special problems not [met] in mainstream psychology .

The reasons for disappointment in Eastern Europe differ little from those encountered in the Soviet Union .
the reasons for disappointment in eastern europe differ little from those [met] in the soviet union .

Each of the sub-units may in turn be decomposable into sub-sub-units and so on , until non-decomposable words or morphemes are encountered .
each of the sub-units may in turn be decomposable into sub-sub-units and so on , until non-decomposable words or morphemes are [met] .

The kinds of difficulties that we encountered in Poulantzas ' work continually crop up , and the tacit use of counterfactuals which rely on individualist premises is a perennial stumbling block .
the kinds of difficulties that we [met] in poulantzas ' work continually crop up , and the tacit use of counterfactuals which rely on individualist premises is a perennial stumbling block .

Exerting this sense , he encountered the fog of daemonic shielding which was hiding whosoever occupied the hulk .
exerting this sense , he [met] the fog of daemonic shielding which was hiding whosoever occupied the hulk .

Frey would solve the problem in the following manner : Recognition involves certain beliefs ; specifically , that the object has been previously encountered , that we are not imagining it , and so on .
frey would solve the problem in the following manner : recognition involves certain beliefs ; specifically , that the object has been previously [met] , that we are not imagining it , and so on .

Before reaching the town of Rock the path runs through the only sand dunes that we encountered on the whole walk .
before reaching the town of rock the path runs through the only sand dunes that we [met] on the whole walk .

Most of us know , or have encountered in some way , an example of someone who speaks his mind , and does so with such gentleness and grace he rarely alienates anyone .
most of us know , or have [met] in some way , an example of someone who speaks his mind , and does so with such gentleness and grace he rarely alienates anyone .

Each Spitfire had to be positioned on the flatbed in such a manner as to clear roadblock obstructions as well as overhead tramway cables encountered along the route .
each spitfire had to be positioned on the flatbed in such a manner as to clear roadblock obstructions as well as overhead tramway cables [met] along the route .

Once the initial problems encountered during the first run of six aircraft had been overcome , it was assured the time limit could be met .
once the initial problems [met] during the first run of six aircraft had been overcome , it was assured the time limit could be met .

After a short break , Sugar 's next sortie was a ten-hour trip to bomb the Politz oil works where light flak and searchlights were encountered over the target .
after a short break , sugar 's next sortie was a ten-hour trip to bomb the politz oil works where light flak and searchlights were [met] over the target .

One of the problems Steve has encountered is finding the exact locations of where some of the equipment was installed .
one of the problems steve has [met] is finding the exact locations of where some of the equipment was installed .

Now write down , in brief , details about two problem behaviours that you have encountered under the following column headlines
now write down , in brief , details about two problem behaviours that you have [met] under the following column headlines

Your foot has encountered something hard/something soft/something wet/something dry .
your foot has [met] something hard/something soft/something wet/something dry .

Quite often a ‘ blue ’ form is encountered .
quite often a ‘ blue ’ form is [met] .

Shortly after take-off he encountered Lt John Marrons ' flight of three and , with the Flight Leader 's permission , joined in No 2 position at about 1130 .
shortly after take-off he [met] lt john marrons ' flight of three and , with the flight leader 's permission , joined in no 2 position at about 1130 .

At 1150 the flight encountered Jigger Green flight , also up from East Wretham .
at 1150 the flight [met] jigger green flight , also up from east wretham .

This is likely to be particularly serious if either the poverty trap or the unemployment trap is encountered .
this is likely to be particularly serious if either the poverty trap or the unemployment trap is [met] .

If benefits are targeted at those most in need as assessed by a means test , then the poverty and unemployment traps may be encountered .
if benefits are targeted at those most in need as assessed by a means test , then the poverty and unemployment traps may be [met] .

The excitement was intensified when it became known that some time previously a railway clerk named Winter , who kept a black retriever , had shot himself in the porter 's cellar but Durham had claimed that he was unaware of the tragedy when he had encountered the ghost .
the excitement was intensified when it became known that some time previously a railway clerk named winter , who kept a black retriever , had shot himself in the porter 's cellar but durham had claimed that he was unaware of the tragedy when he had [met] the ghost .

Wolfgang 's letters to Leopold during the period of composition and rehearsal are full of the problems he encountered : Varesco 's libretto was far too long and needed severe pruning ; many arias had to be adapted or rewritten to accommodate the foibles of individual singers , and , to make matters worse , Wolfgang himself was suffering from a heavy cold .
wolfgang 's letters to leopold during the period of composition and rehearsal are full of the problems he [met] : varesco 's libretto was far too long and needed severe pruning ; many arias had to be adapted or rewritten to accommodate the foibles of individual singers , and , to make matters worse , wolfgang himself was suffering from a heavy cold .

It might take millions of years before the spacecraft encountered a suitable planet , and billions before the result of its efforts would produce an intelligent lifeform , if at all .
it might take millions of years before the spacecraft [met] a suitable planet , and billions before the result of its efforts would produce an intelligent lifeform , if at all .

For theoretical reasons , however , any information sent at a velocity faster than that of light will cause paradoxes similar to those encountered when considering time-reversal .
for theoretical reasons , however , any information sent at a velocity faster than that of light will cause paradoxes similar to those [met] when considering time-reversal .

‘ to give rise to apprehension for the safety of any person ( or property ) or ’ False reports that a person is missing from home or that a bomb is in a building ( which is more likely to be encountered in practice ) come under this point .
‘ to give rise to apprehension for the safety of any person ( or property ) or ’ false reports that a person is missing from home or that a bomb is in a building ( which is more likely to be [met] in practice ) come under this point .

This will be Cantona 's first visit to Hillsborough since he snubbed Wednesday , and his reception will be far removed from the hero worship of Elland Road or Old Trafford.Fergie will need all his powers of communication to prevent him being French fried in the face of hostility he is unlikely to have encountered before .
this will be cantona 's first visit to hillsborough since he snubbed wednesday , and his reception will be far removed from the hero worship of elland road or old trafford.fergie will need all his powers of communication to prevent him being french fried in the face of hostility he is unlikely to have [met] before .

But the Southampton office , which was a much more sophisticated audit practice with larger clients , encountered an increasing incidence of bad debts .
but the southampton office , which was a much more sophisticated audit practice with larger clients , [met] an increasing incidence of bad debts .

‘ Some of the human figures were life size , the bodies and limbs very attenuated and represented as having numerous tassel-shaped adornments appended to the hair , neck , waist , arms and legs : but the most remarkable fact in connection with these drawings is that wherever a profile face is shown , the features are of a most pronounced aquiline type , quite different from those of any natives we encountered .
‘ some of the human figures were life size , the bodies and limbs very attenuated and represented as having numerous tassel-shaped adornments appended to the hair , neck , waist , arms and legs : but the most remarkable fact in connection with these drawings is that wherever a profile face is shown , the features are of a most pronounced aquiline type , quite different from those of any natives we [met] .

For the purposes of exposition , though it is of necessity an oversimplification , we can say that objects of feeling , particularly other people , encountered in the outer world are mapped subjectively in some way on to the inner world .
for the purposes of exposition , though it is of necessity an oversimplification , we can say that objects of feeling , particularly other people , [met] in the outer world are mapped subjectively in some way on to the inner world .

We might formulate his newly discovered principle as ‘ One ought not to eat too much ’ , but very probably it would be first encountered by him as ‘ Sensible people do n't eat too much ’ .
we might formulate his newly discovered principle as ‘ one ought not to eat too much ’ , but very probably it would be first [met] by him as ‘ sensible people do n't eat too much ’ .

The major problems you will have encountered in preparing the consolidated profit and loss account are likely to have been the calculation of the unrealised profit provisions and the minority interest .
the major problems you will have [met] in preparing the consolidated profit and loss account are likely to have been the calculation of the unrealised profit provisions and the minority interest .

But they only shots they encountered were from cameras .
but they only shots they [met] were from cameras .

When in Rome Simon is said to have encountered St. Peter and in an attempt to gain converts he flew through the air supported by invisible demons .
when in rome simon is said to have [met] st. peter and in an attempt to gain converts he flew through the air supported by invisible demons .

Apart from waiting in the queue it was the shortest business Ruth had ever encountered .
apart from waiting in the queue it was the shortest business ruth had ever [met] .

When she closed her eyes , the sun warm on her face , she recognised the perfume of the grasses as ones she had encountered before .
when she closed her eyes , the sun warm on her face , she recognised the perfume of the grasses as ones she had [met] before .

One of them , Zowina , later remembered her fright when she encountered the strange red-haired man with the square forehead prowling along a dark passage at night .
one of them , zowina , later remembered her fright when she [met] the strange red-haired man with the square forehead prowling along a dark passage at night .

He encountered people who were all busy — ploughmen , a shepherd , roadmenders , drivers with dung carts .
he [met] people who were all busy — ploughmen , a shepherd , roadmenders , drivers with dung carts .

Kathie has never directly encountered prejudice .
kathie has never directly [met] prejudice .

Let 's turn now to some problems you may have encountered on your sound recordings .
let 's turn now to some problems you may have [met] on your sound recordings .

They say they have never encountered any problems in being an all-female firm ; if anything , they find that a lot of their male clients find it easier to talk to a woman about their finances .
they say they have never [met] any problems in being an all-female firm ; if anything , they find that a lot of their male clients find it easier to talk to a woman about their finances .

Another new feature this year was the more detailed application form telling prospective entrants exactly what the judges look for and highlighting errors and omissions encountered last year .
another new feature this year was the more detailed application form telling prospective entrants exactly what the judges look for and highlighting errors and omissions [met] last year .

Thus if the learner knows that bet means ‘ to lay a wager ’ , it is possible to infer the modal sense by extension when it is encountered in use .
thus if the learner knows that bet means ‘ to lay a wager ’ , it is possible to infer the modal sense by extension when it is [met] in use .

In the two principal Nicaraguan prisons , Tipitapa and Zona Franca , Americas Watch in 1982 ‘ encountered no credible reports of beatings or similar mistreatment ’ ( 1984 ) .
in the two principal nicaraguan prisons , tipitapa and zona franca , americas watch in 1982 ‘ [met] no credible reports of beatings or similar mistreatment ’ ( 1984 ) .

An example of the practical similarity between determinist and indeterminist positions occurred earlier in the difficulty that was encountered in identifying sociological ‘ invention ’ theories , such as anomie , as being in the deterministic , positivist tradition ( where writers such as Jeffery and Matza have located them ) .
an example of the practical similarity between determinist and indeterminist positions occurred earlier in the difficulty that was [met] in identifying sociological ‘ invention ’ theories , such as anomie , as being in the deterministic , positivist tradition ( where writers such as jeffery and matza have located them ) .

Anomie theorists and their subcultural followers reversed the classical position on these matters , and in doing so encountered serious problems .
anomie theorists and their subcultural followers reversed the classical position on these matters , and in doing so [met] serious problems .

However , it was in this reversal of the classical conclusion on the potentialities of the criminal justice system that interactionism encountered some of its more serious problems .
however , it was in this reversal of the classical conclusion on the potentialities of the criminal justice system that interactionism [met] some of its more serious problems .

Beccaria , it may be remembered , was criticised for only considering the disincentives associated with the operations of the criminal justice system in controlling crime , when the logic of his position clearly suggested the relevance of all incentives and disincentives for conformity or deviance encountered by individuals in their social settings .
beccaria , it may be remembered , was criticised for only considering the disincentives associated with the operations of the criminal justice system in controlling crime , when the logic of his position clearly suggested the relevance of all incentives and disincentives for conformity or deviance [met] by individuals in their social settings .

This , incidentally , could help with the problem encountered earlier of incorporating unusual crimes such as child abuse in the postclassical perspective .
this , incidentally , could help with the problem [met] earlier of incorporating unusual crimes such as child abuse in the postclassical perspective .

Thrasher ( 1927 ) , whom we encountered in Chapter 3 as one of the founders of a control perspective , borrowed Thomas 's ( 1923 ) speculations as the basis of his universal childhood needs of security , response , recognition and desire for new experiences .
thrasher ( 1927 ) , whom we [met] in chapter 3 as one of the founders of a control perspective , borrowed thomas 's ( 1923 ) speculations as the basis of his universal childhood needs of security , response , recognition and desire for new experiences .

Hence Hoi-Polloi , for instance ; this one of the less strange namings amongst the thousands Godolphin had encountered .
hence hoi-polloi , for instance ; this one of the less strange namings amongst the thousands godolphin had [met] .

Citrine and Self also felt a duty to ensure some fairness between Boards in cases where resources or needs differed , or where temporary financial difficulties were encountered .
citrine and self also felt a duty to ensure some fairness between boards in cases where resources or needs differed , or where temporary financial difficulties were [met] .

The agreement in Washington has muffled the many disagreements encountered along this road by limiting the West 's aims .
the agreement in washington has muffled the many disagreements [met] along this road by limiting the west 's aims .

On the other hand , Colonel Haldane did not succeed in winning the vote of the burgh of Inverkeithing itself , a failure which may perhaps be linked to the lasting hostility of the burgesses occasioned by his own quick temper two years earlier , for in 1752 he had given Provost John Cunningham a black eye when he had encountered the chief magistrate on the steps of the tolbooth , an error of judgement which served to undo much of the Haldane party 's work in that town , and indeed ran the colonel some risk of being mobbed .
on the other hand , colonel haldane did not succeed in winning the vote of the burgh of inverkeithing itself , a failure which may perhaps be linked to the lasting hostility of the burgesses occasioned by his own quick temper two years earlier , for in 1752 he had given provost john cunningham a black eye when he had [met] the chief magistrate on the steps of the tolbooth , an error of judgement which served to undo much of the haldane party 's work in that town , and indeed ran the colonel some risk of being mobbed .

Admiral Lord Keith encountered difficulty with an important freeholder who had requested , through an intermediary , that a young man named Maitland might be admitted as a cadet into the college at Woolwich .
admiral lord keith [met] difficulty with an important freeholder who had requested , through an intermediary , that a young man named maitland might be admitted as a cadet into the college at woolwich .

Lord Keith encountered this difficulty in the person of a Midshipman Mayers , who told the admiral that he was qualified for promotion to lieutenant .
lord keith [met] this difficulty in the person of a midshipman mayers , who told the admiral that he was qualified for promotion to lieutenant .

It was 1747 before trouble was again encountered over the question of the collectorship , and at that time the office had been held without dispute for several years by Michael Elphinstone of Quarrel , whose election had been secured by an alliance of the Duke of Montrose and Lord Elphinstone .
it was 1747 before trouble was again [met] over the question of the collectorship , and at that time the office had been held without dispute for several years by michael elphinstone of quarrel , whose election had been secured by an alliance of the duke of montrose and lord elphinstone .

They should be helped to recognise that racism is a reality in society and that , although they can not protect the child from it , they can prepare him or her to deal with it when it is encountered .
they should be helped to recognise that racism is a reality in society and that , although they can not protect the child from it , they can prepare him or her to deal with it when it is [met] .

‘ There was a remarkable reticence by the Bolivians to be photographed , ’ says Marj when describing some of the difficulties she encountered .
‘ there was a remarkable reticence by the bolivians to be photographed , ’ says marj when describing some of the difficulties she [met] .

… a boy or youth who is induced by means of gifts whether in money or in kind to participate in homosexual behaviour as a source of easy money or as a means of enjoying material comforts or other pleasures beyond those which he could expect by decent behaviour , and we have encountered cases where this has happened .
… a boy or youth who is induced by means of gifts whether in money or in kind to participate in homosexual behaviour as a source of easy money or as a means of enjoying material comforts or other pleasures beyond those which he could expect by decent behaviour , and we have [met] cases where this has happened .

This chapter is an account of the way they perceived attempts to develop integrated provision for under fives and the barriers in attitudes and systems which were encountered .
this chapter is an account of the way they perceived attempts to develop integrated provision for under fives and the barriers in attitudes and systems which were [met] .

They discuss the approaches and difficulties encountered in further education and youth training .
they discuss the approaches and difficulties [met] in further education and youth training .

Considering the possibly apocalyptic and doom-laden task we have on hand , the least we could reasonably expect is high winds , torrential rain , thunder , lightning , tempests , tornadoes and all those other adverse weather conditions that King Lear encountered on his walkabout around the blasted heath .
considering the possibly apocalyptic and doom-laden task we have on hand , the least we could reasonably expect is high winds , torrential rain , thunder , lightning , tempests , tornadoes and all those other adverse weather conditions that king lear [met] on his walkabout around the blasted heath .

Immediately the points are switched , so that the specific signals for feeling bad are never actually encountered .
immediately the points are switched , so that the specific signals for feeling bad are never actually [met] .

And the nonempiricist theories that they have meaning for us by virtue of our having encountered platonic forms in an earlier non-bodily life , or by virtue of having had ideas put into our mind-s by God , or by virtue of our having been born with them , can all be happily abandoned .
and the nonempiricist theories that they have meaning for us by virtue of our having [met] platonic forms in an earlier non-bodily life , or by virtue of having had ideas put into our mind-s by god , or by virtue of our having been born with them , can all be happily abandoned .

We have already encountered several of them in Anselm 's letters .
we have already [met] several of them in anselm 's letters .

The Lemonheads have been touring for about three months , first in America and now in Europe , and this has been the first real glitch they 've encountered .
the lemonheads have been touring for about three months , first in america and now in europe , and this has been the first real glitch they 've [met] .

Opponents have lost their fear of facing Neath and have encountered a team low on confidence among the younger members and low on motivation among the older ones who have won everything and done everything .
opponents have lost their fear of facing neath and have [met] a team low on confidence among the younger members and low on motivation among the older ones who have won everything and done everything .

The religious aspect of Rubens ' works is usually encountered only in the great continental galleries of Europe : American museums ( and their trustees ) generally shy away from such stern Roman Catholic imagery , preferring the Rubens of Helene Fourment , cheerful Madonnas and putti , all apple-cheeked and plump ( preferably in oil sketches ) .
the religious aspect of rubens ' works is usually [met] only in the great continental galleries of europe : american museums ( and their trustees ) generally shy away from such stern roman catholic imagery , preferring the rubens of helene fourment , cheerful madonnas and putti , all apple-cheeked and plump ( preferably in oil sketches ) .

Recent visitors to the Metropolitan Museum of Art who have entered its restaurant have encountered a newly acquired sculpture squeezed onto the first floor landing which now serves as gift shop , restaurant lobby and Greek and Roman antiquities gallery .
recent visitors to the metropolitan museum of art who have entered its restaurant have [met] a newly acquired sculpture squeezed onto the first floor landing which now serves as gift shop , restaurant lobby and greek and roman antiquities gallery .

Stanley William Hayter and Anthony Gross both came to realise the enormous untapped potential of the burin thanks to the example of the lesser known Polish sculptor and printmaker Joseph Hecht , whom they encountered in Paris in the 1920s .
stanley william hayter and anthony gross both came to realise the enormous untapped potential of the burin thanks to the example of the lesser known polish sculptor and printmaker joseph hecht , whom they [met] in paris in the 1920s .

Only a few , isolated bursts of flak were seen and no enemy fighters were encountered .
only a few , isolated bursts of flak were seen and no enemy fighters were [met] .

The flak encountered along the route was of varying intensity and accuracy , while over Berlin intense flak of the barrage type was thrown at the B–17s , causing two-thirds of the Division to receive some form of battle damage .
the flak [met] along the route was of varying intensity and accuracy , while over berlin intense flak of the barrage type was thrown at the b–17s , causing two-thirds of the division to receive some form of battle damage .

What is known , is that approximately 200 enemy aircraft were encountered , in what was the most concentrated attack made on the 401st .
what is known , is that approximately 200 enemy aircraft were [met] , in what was the most concentrated attack made on the 401st .

No enemy resistance was encountered by Mary Alice , and the cloud parted briefly on the homeward leg to give the crew a glimpse of the invasion fleet .
no enemy resistance was [met] by mary alice , and the cloud parted briefly on the homeward leg to give the crew a glimpse of the invasion fleet .

Leading the attack on Ewa was Lt Fujita who ordered his pilots to withdraw after they encountered the defending aircraft and ground fire .
leading the attack on ewa was lt fujita who ordered his pilots to withdraw after they [met] the defending aircraft and ground fire .

During the attack intense fire from the breakwaters and the Harbour was encountered .
during the attack intense fire from the breakwaters and the harbour was [met] .

‘ All pilots reported that the opposition was the fiercest they had ever encountered . ’
‘ all pilots reported that the opposition was the fiercest they had ever [met] . ’

Both members of the London Anti-Slavery committee and some of the Liverpool abolitionists who encountered him were doubtful about Clarkson 's attitudes and methods in gathering information from participants in the African slave trade .
both members of the london anti-slavery committee and some of the liverpool abolitionists who [met] him were doubtful about clarkson 's attitudes and methods in gathering information from participants in the african slave trade .

These doubts were still widely encountered at the time of the 1840 Convention but a debate there and at the 1843 meeting stimulated the search for a reliable supply of free-labour cotton to reduce dependence on the slaveholders of the American South .
these doubts were still widely [met] at the time of the 1840 convention but a debate there and at the 1843 meeting stimulated the search for a reliable supply of free-labour cotton to reduce dependence on the slaveholders of the american south .

Even in 1831 , at a moment of mass mobilisation , George Thompson on tour encountered conflict between dissenters in Dartford and then in Faversham confronted such distance between church and chapel abolitionists that he doubted the possibility of a lecture which could draw in cross-denominational support .
even in 1831 , at a moment of mass mobilisation , george thompson on tour [met] conflict between dissenters in dartford and then in faversham confronted such distance between church and chapel abolitionists that he doubted the possibility of a lecture which could draw in cross-denominational support .

If we were to come across an object the like of which we had never before encountered , we would be in no position to determine whether it was an artefact or not , or to conclude with certainty that it had actually been designed and made by human beings .
if we were to come across an object the like of which we had never before [met] , we would be in no position to determine whether it was an artefact or not , or to conclude with certainty that it had actually been designed and made by human beings .

This recognition occurs in a decisive ‘ moment ’ in which we find ourselves faced and encountered by the reality of God in Jesus .
this recognition occurs in a decisive ‘ moment ’ in which we find ourselves faced and [met] by the reality of god in jesus .

In larger open pools , almost any fish can be encountered , with the fry of larger fish like Grey Mullet and Bass to be found in Sussex pools .
in larger open pools , almost any fish can be [met] , with the fry of larger fish like grey mullet and bass to be found in sussex pools .

Lubbock 's Fairy Wrasse is one of the smaller species and may be encountered in various colour variations .
lubbock 's fairy wrasse is one of the smaller species and may be [met] in various colour variations .

The site of the original tea house was the culmination of a guest 's journey through the host 's garden , and by the time he reached this destination he would have undergone a slowing-down of life 's hectic pace , ritual purification at the water basin and a whole series of social interactions based on hospitality and formalised responses to what had been encountered on the way .
the site of the original tea house was the culmination of a guest 's journey through the host 's garden , and by the time he reached this destination he would have undergone a slowing-down of life 's hectic pace , ritual purification at the water basin and a whole series of social interactions based on hospitality and formalised responses to what had been [met] on the way .

No problems were encountered with the motor , although none would be expected on a short test .
no problems were [met] with the motor , although none would be expected on a short test .

Reacting to such problems ( and the suicide mentioned above was one of three encountered in my period of headship ) has proved to be a heavy additional burden to many teachers .
reacting to such problems ( and the suicide mentioned above was one of three [met] in my period of headship ) has proved to be a heavy additional burden to many teachers .

The Dennis case was by no means unusual : many of those employed had encountered some form of what they perceived as racialism in the transition from school to work .
the dennis case was by no means unusual : many of those employed had [met] some form of what they perceived as racialism in the transition from school to work .

He went for a job just after leaving school and the guy at the interview asked him if he 'd ever encountered prejudice and he said , ‘ Well , sometimes .
he went for a job just after leaving school and the guy at the interview asked him if he 'd ever [met] prejudice and he said , ‘ well , sometimes .

More specifically , it has been suggested that the ‘ underachievement ’ of black pupils in schools has played a significant part in ensuring that second and third generation young British black people continue to find themselves suffering the ‘ disadvantages ’ encountered by their parents and grandparents .
more specifically , it has been suggested that the ‘ underachievement ’ of black pupils in schools has played a significant part in ensuring that second and third generation young british black people continue to find themselves suffering the ‘ disadvantages ’ [met] by their parents and grandparents .

three appendices , detailing new monsters , new spells and magic items , and a horrifying new disease — all of which can be encountered by incautious adventurers in Castle Drachenfels .
three appendices , detailing new monsters , new spells and magic items , and a horrifying new disease — all of which can be [met] by incautious adventurers in castle drachenfels .

The Battle of the Marne — if it can be called a battle — began at about 14.30 on the afternoon of 5 September , when the advance guard of Maunoury 's Sixth Army encountered a corps on Kluck 's flank , north of Meaux .
the battle of the marne — if it can be called a battle — began at about 14.30 on the afternoon of 5 september , when the advance guard of maunoury 's sixth army [met] a corps on kluck 's flank , north of meaux .

Rennenkampf 's First Army crossed the frontier during 17–18 August , and on 19–20 August eight of his divisions encountered seven German divisions , forcing the Germans to withdraw .
rennenkampf 's first army crossed the frontier during 17–18 august , and on 19–20 august eight of his divisions [met] seven german divisions , forcing the germans to withdraw .

The British 2nd Corps encountered the enemy on 10 October west of La Bassee , but , in face of heavy fighting , the German thrust petered out 10 days later with the British still about 1.6km/1ml west of the town .
the british 2nd corps [met] the enemy on 10 october west of la bassee , but , in face of heavy fighting , the german thrust petered out 10 days later with the british still about 1.6km/1ml west of the town .

One feature we had not encountered before was a folding metal sidecutting guide .
one feature we had not [met] before was a folding metal sidecutting guide .

Miss Hardbroom had , in fact , been on her way to Mildred 's room when she encountered the frog .
miss hardbroom had , in fact , been on her way to mildred 's room when she [met] the frog .

When the wood is dry , use chisel and mallet to cut away the rotten , crumbling material until sound wood is encountered . Brush clean using an old paintbrush
when the wood is dry , use chisel and mallet to cut away the rotten , crumbling material until sound wood is [met] . brush clean using an old paintbrush

As the majority of the latter are either Moslem , Sikh or Hindu , it is understandable that the Church has encountered severe problems in trying to communicate her message , either with a view to attracting them into her fellowship or to see the significance of the gospel of Jesus Christ within their own cultural context .
as the majority of the latter are either moslem , sikh or hindu , it is understandable that the church has [met] severe problems in trying to communicate her message , either with a view to attracting them into her fellowship or to see the significance of the gospel of jesus christ within their own cultural context .

Amusingly , the one threat she had encountered was from another ‘ Queen of the Night ’ , a grossly huge woman , who only felt able to emerge into the world in the dead of night , and was enraged to find another woman watching her take her secret walk in the darkness .
amusingly , the one threat she had [met] was from another ‘ queen of the night ’ , a grossly huge woman , who only felt able to emerge into the world in the dead of night , and was enraged to find another woman watching her take her secret walk in the darkness .

Reverting to early manuscripts , especially those of monastic origins , there is a small group of words often encountered in their description .
reverting to early manuscripts , especially those of monastic origins , there is a small group of words often [met] in their description .

In this vein , Gerald Berreman recounts the poignant success story of Kalmu , the blacksmith 's son , whom he first encountered in 1958 as a thirteen-year-old drop-out from the village school .
in this vein , gerald berreman recounts the poignant success story of kalmu , the blacksmith 's son , whom he first [met] in 1958 as a thirteen-year-old drop-out from the village school .

the biggest problems in the running of the new services after closure seemed to have been encountered in Torbay .
the biggest problems in the running of the new services after closure seemed to have been [met] in torbay .

The expanding European states often brought the energy of incipient nationalism to their forward march , but more or less all the states they encountered outside Europe were organized on the principle of allegiance or loyalty to the ruler .
the expanding european states often brought the energy of incipient nationalism to their forward march , but more or less all the states they [met] outside europe were organized on the principle of allegiance or loyalty to the ruler .

Naturally he encountered no opposition based on nationalism , but his fervent support of Islam led him to abandon the tolerant policy his predecessors had adopted towards the Hindu majority , and this probably intensified resistance to his advance .
naturally he [met] no opposition based on nationalism , but his fervent support of islam led him to abandon the tolerant policy his predecessors had adopted towards the hindu majority , and this probably intensified resistance to his advance .

‘ Not only are serious problems encountered with clinker but on some occasions spectacular displays of ‘ black glass ’ have been produced , lining the firebox tube plates — a situation not conducive to free steaming !
‘ not only are serious problems [met] with clinker but on some occasions spectacular displays of ‘ black glass ’ have been produced , lining the firebox tube plates — a situation not conducive to free steaming !

In a book written by educators for educators , a description of some of the causes of visual disability that can be encountered in schoolchildren is given for the guidance of teachers in their work with pupils .
in a book written by educators for educators , a description of some of the causes of visual disability that can be [met] in schoolchildren is given for the guidance of teachers in their work with pupils .

Even an aid as commonly encountered as a pair of spectacles can be a focus for teasing .
even an aid as commonly [met] as a pair of spectacles can be a focus for teasing .

If you do opt for a place in the countryside however , be certain that no farm livestock is in the vicinity either , as sheep especially may prove an irresistible subject of curiosity for dogs which have not encountered them before , and this can escalate to sheep-worrying .
if you do opt for a place in the countryside however , be certain that no farm livestock is in the vicinity either , as sheep especially may prove an irresistible subject of curiosity for dogs which have not [met] them before , and this can escalate to sheep-worrying .

People have died in such circumstances where a dog has leapt into the sea , encountered difficulties and then its owner has been swept away while trying to rescue their pet .
people have died in such circumstances where a dog has leapt into the sea , [met] difficulties and then its owner has been swept away while trying to rescue their pet .

Many of the training difficulties encountered with dogs in later life can be traced back to allowing them to exert a subtle dominance over you at any early stage , while they are puppies .
many of the training difficulties [met] with dogs in later life can be traced back to allowing them to exert a subtle dominance over you at any early stage , while they are puppies .

The most powerful and feared of all the predatory spirits are the fangablang , ‘ those who are encountered ’ .
the most powerful and feared of all the predatory spirits are the fangablang , ‘ those who are [met] ’ .

Other people , some obviously unused to rough walking and ill-equipped for it , will inevitably be encountered on the popular path through the gorge , their approach being heralded by screams and shouts , to the dismay of those who prefer to be solitary and silent amidst scenes of grandeur , but this is a place where the company of others must be accepted with good grace .
other people , some obviously unused to rough walking and ill-equipped for it , will inevitably be [met] on the popular path through the gorge , their approach being heralded by screams and shouts , to the dismay of those who prefer to be solitary and silent amidst scenes of grandeur , but this is a place where the company of others must be accepted with good grace .

One of these occurred when several animals encountered a wire fence which they were unable to push over .
one of these occurred when several animals [met] a wire fence which they were unable to push over .

Of all the insects , bees and wasps are the most commonly encountered ‘ stingers ’ .
of all the insects , bees and wasps are the most commonly [met] ‘ stingers ’ .

Both Mr Pitman Senior and Junior were reps who grew progressively despondent over the standard of rooms and services they encountered on their travels .
both mr pitman senior and junior were reps who grew progressively despondent over the standard of rooms and services they [met] on their travels .

In his sermons the Chaplain of Cadets had only hinted at the existence of terrible ultimate anti-Gods which stalked the warp , seeking to spill through into the cosmos to corrupt precious reality — the antithesis of all that the Emperor stood for ; forces which Marines should pray that they never encountered .
in his sermons the chaplain of cadets had only hinted at the existence of terrible ultimate anti-gods which stalked the warp , seeking to spill through into the cosmos to corrupt precious reality — the antithesis of all that the emperor stood for ; forces which marines should pray that they never [met] .

Imperial Guards must already have encountered the rebel Planetary Defence Force — or the other way about .
imperial guards must already have [met] the rebel planetary defence force — or the other way about .

The commonest drug problem encountered by specialist services is multiple drug use ; a person may be using alcohol , tobacco , cannabis , hard drugs and ‘ pills ’ .
the commonest drug problem [met] by specialist services is multiple drug use ; a person may be using alcohol , tobacco , cannabis , hard drugs and ‘ pills ’ .

This in turn has led to systems of employment of labour which , while not unique , yet display a measure of variety and flexibility rarely encountered in other industries .
this in turn has led to systems of employment of labour which , while not unique , yet display a measure of variety and flexibility rarely [met] in other industries .

The most common problem encountered , however , is subsidence , either in areas of mineral extraction or , more often , when buildings are constructed on made-up ground .
the most common problem [met] , however , is subsidence , either in areas of mineral extraction or , more often , when buildings are constructed on made-up ground .

The author has encountered a covenant on a site bounding the River Test in Hampshire , where from the back of the house to the boundary no construction of any sort was permitted above ground level and trees and vegetation could not exceed 6 feet in height .
the author has [met] a covenant on a site bounding the river test in hampshire , where from the back of the house to the boundary no construction of any sort was permitted above ground level and trees and vegetation could not exceed 6 feet in height .

If easements are required , the identity of the adjoining owner and the difficulties likely to be encountered should be verified .
if easements are required , the identity of the adjoining owner and the difficulties likely to be [met] should be verified .

Either he was dead straight , or else he was the sharpest operator-bar none , including the guy she 'd met on a singles ' holiday who 'd almost managed to convince her that he was on his final fling with only ninety days left to live — that she had ever encountered .
either he was dead straight , or else he was the sharpest operator-bar none , including the guy she 'd met on a singles ' holiday who 'd almost managed to convince her that he was on his final fling with only ninety days left to live — that she had ever [met] .

There was a grotesque inventiveness , a deliberate eccentricity in the idea of the cuckoo clock that Melanie had never encountered .
there was a grotesque inventiveness , a deliberate eccentricity in the idea of the cuckoo clock that melanie had never [met] .

Basing point pricing : this is a pricing system often encountered in industries , such as steel and cement , where transport costs are high relative to production costs and buyers and sellers are spatially dispersed .
basing point pricing : this is a pricing system often [met] in industries , such as steel and cement , where transport costs are high relative to production costs and buyers and sellers are spatially dispersed .

This list covers the most generally encountered facilitating devices .
this list covers the most generally [met] facilitating devices .

Christina had only encountered it once before when he was hell-bent on buying Crystal Springs .
christina had only [met] it once before when he was hell-bent on buying crystal springs .

Instead , communities were always approached initially through persons encountered directly or indirectly in the course of everyday living who had no institutional status in the communities , but were members of them .
instead , communities were always approached initially through persons [met] directly or indirectly in the course of everyday living who had no institutional status in the communities , but were members of them .

Second , it provides a means of approaching an analysis where the concept of social class is difficult to apply ; this is a problem commonly encountered by researchers studying minority ethnic groups , migrants , rural populations or populations in non-industrialized societies .
second , it provides a means of approaching an analysis where the concept of social class is difficult to apply ; this is a problem commonly [met] by researchers studying minority ethnic groups , migrants , rural populations or populations in non-industrialized societies .

Macaulay outlines the difficulties encountered in analysing the variable ( u ) — initially assumed to have as its input the vowel in words such as school , book , full , fool .
macaulay outlines the difficulties [met] in analysing the variable ( u ) — initially assumed to have as its input the vowel in words such as school , book , full , fool .

Labov 's ( 1973 ) account of his investigation of various aspects of the negative attraction rule in Philadelphia demonstrates a further problem , associated with attitudes to particular varieties , characteristically encountered by researchers investigating a stigmatized language or dialect ( cf. the discussion in 1.3 of Le Page 's early work in the Caribbean ) . Both this difficulty and a more general difficulty of accessing intuitions are illustrated by Labov 's experience in investigating constraints affecting so-called ‘ positive ’ anymore sentences such as 17 and 18 :
labov 's ( 1973 ) account of his investigation of various aspects of the negative attraction rule in philadelphia demonstrates a further problem , associated with attitudes to particular varieties , characteristically [met] by researchers investigating a stigmatized language or dialect ( cf. the discussion in 1.3 of le page 's early work in the caribbean ) . both this difficulty and a more general difficulty of accessing intuitions are illustrated by labov 's experience in investigating constraints affecting so-called ‘ positive ’ anymore sentences such as 17 and 18 :

Attempts in Belfast to investigate experimentally constraints on the highly stigmatized non-standard concord rule ( see 7.4 ) ran up against these problems , and similar difficulties are encountered with bilingual speakers ( 8.3.2 ) .
attempts in belfast to investigate experimentally constraints on the highly stigmatized non-standard concord rule ( see 7.4 ) ran up against these problems , and similar difficulties are [met] with bilingual speakers ( 8.3.2 ) .

Johnson ( 1986 ) discusses the practicalities of using the textual processing capacities of computers for a specific research purpose , and Wells ( 1985 ) gives a useful ( and rather sobering ) account of the problems encountered by the Bristol Child Language Project in computer-processing a very large amount of socially and developmentally variable material .
johnson ( 1986 ) discusses the practicalities of using the textual processing capacities of computers for a specific research purpose , and wells ( 1985 ) gives a useful ( and rather sobering ) account of the problems [met] by the bristol child language project in computer-processing a very large amount of socially and developmentally variable material .

So far , the problem as stated is parallel to the one encountered in Glasgow by Macaulay at the phonological level ( see 6.3.1 ) .
so far , the problem as stated is parallel to the one [met] in glasgow by macaulay at the phonological level ( see 6.3.1 ) .

Nonetheless , Peters 's second and third questions also highlight the three main problems encountered with all land use work : first , the multiplicity of data sources shown in-Table 8.1 ; second , the different temporal and spatial units employed by these sources ; and third , and perhaps most important of all , the different classifications involved .
nonetheless , peters 's second and third questions also highlight the three main problems [met] with all land use work : first , the multiplicity of data sources shown in-table 8.1 ; second , the different temporal and spatial units employed by these sources ; and third , and perhaps most important of all , the different classifications involved .

In the United States , carriers encountered a much less sympathetic judiciary .
in the united states , carriers [met] a much less sympathetic judiciary .

The whole process will take months or even years if special problems are encountered .
the whole process will take months or even years if special problems are [met] .

This wide formation then encountered a particular crisis , of internal relations but especially of external relations with other classes and with the dominant social order , in the specific historical situation of responses to the French Revolution .
this wide formation then [met] a particular crisis , of internal relations but especially of external relations with other classes and with the dominant social order , in the specific historical situation of responses to the french revolution .

He had encountered most of these in the early days of political socialism in this country and considered them to be a thoroughly unreliable lot .
he had [met] most of these in the early days of political socialism in this country and considered them to be a thoroughly unreliable lot .

However , the experience of farming on the urban fringe illustrates the scale of the problems encountered when urban recreation and agriculture are indiscriminately mixed without any attempt to manage their inevitable incompatibilities .
however , the experience of farming on the urban fringe illustrates the scale of the problems [met] when urban recreation and agriculture are indiscriminately mixed without any attempt to manage their inevitable incompatibilities .

Others , although aware of the stigma attached to day centres , saw attendance as preferable to the extreme social isolation encountered when formal education ceased — a common problem for disabled young adults ( Hirst , 1987 ; Kuh et al .
others , although aware of the stigma attached to day centres , saw attendance as preferable to the extreme social isolation [met] when formal education ceased — a common problem for disabled young adults ( hirst , 1987 ; kuh et al .

Your subconscious knows when it 's encountered another who 's impinging on your life , your love .
your subconscious knows when it 's [met] another who 's impinging on your life , your love .

John — Augustus cast a sentimental eye on his retreat , convinced in his euphoria of pristine well-being that he had encountered one of nature 's radicals , someone to whom he could reveal his new true feelings .
john — augustus cast a sentimental eye on his retreat , convinced in his euphoria of pristine well-being that he had [met] one of nature 's radicals , someone to whom he could reveal his new true feelings .

He scored a further success with Colonel Nathaniel Montgomery Moore who , on the visit which he , his wife and Miss D'Arcy had just taken to Dumfries , had encountered none other than Major General Gerard Lake , ‘ who told me about your great gallantry at Guelder — Gueld — ‘
he scored a further success with colonel nathaniel montgomery moore who , on the visit which he , his wife and miss d'arcy had just taken to dumfries , had [met] none other than major general gerard lake , ‘ who told me about your great gallantry at guelder — gueld — ‘

Two students in particular , Jane and Mark , embody many of the problems encountered by those students who were not amongst the department 's high-flyers .
two students in particular , jane and mark , embody many of the problems [met] by those students who were not amongst the department 's high-flyers .

The first is the question of coherence , a worry which has already been encountered in connection with modular courses .
the first is the question of coherence , a worry which has already been [met] in connection with modular courses .

Thus , some apparently random variation , or some lack of agreement on norms of usage ( as in table 4.5 ) may be encountered .
thus , some apparently random variation , or some lack of agreement on norms of usage ( as in table 4.5 ) may be [met] .

The business format has been tried and tested ; thus the problems normally encountered in starting up a business have been overcome .
the business format has been tried and tested ; thus the problems normally [met] in starting up a business have been overcome .

Through accommodation , the mental structures at whatever stage they have reached are themselves changed in order to encompass the particular characteristic of the environment they have encountered .
through accommodation , the mental structures at whatever stage they have reached are themselves changed in order to encompass the particular characteristic of the environment they have [met] .

If , however , a whole series of such objects was encountered , the child might be forced to accommodate its basic concept of what a table was in order to take in these experiences .
if , however , a whole series of such objects was [met] , the child might be forced to accommodate its basic concept of what a table was in order to take in these experiences .

By absorbing these , the subject is then in turn able to impose them upon some new domain not previously encountered , and thereby immediately to assimilate this into its particular cultural order .
by absorbing these , the subject is then in turn able to impose them upon some new domain not previously [met] , and thereby immediately to assimilate this into its particular cultural order .

Some years ago , research workers at London 's Victoria and Albert Museum and elsewhere encountered a considerable quantity of textiles in a recognizable style , composed mainly of exuberant large blossoms with curvilinear stems , sometimes joined to trees which were no longer rooted to the earth .
some years ago , research workers at london 's victoria and albert museum and elsewhere [met] a considerable quantity of textiles in a recognizable style , composed mainly of exuberant large blossoms with curvilinear stems , sometimes joined to trees which were no longer rooted to the earth .

One of the problems the European traders encountered early on in their attempt to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in South-East Asia who produced spices highly regarded in Europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for European products .
one of the problems the european traders [met] early on in their attempt to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in south-east asia who produced spices highly regarded in europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for european products .

An analysis of some of the visionary leaders we have encountered in our research suggests that individual leaders exhibit characteristic styles in which certain of these capacities are salient , while the others , though present , remain secondary .
an analysis of some of the visionary leaders we have [met] in our research suggests that individual leaders exhibit characteristic styles in which certain of these capacities are salient , while the others , though present , remain secondary .

When and if the act of insight takes place , it is conditioned by the specific problems encountered , and occurs through a synthesis of previous knowledge .
when and if the act of insight takes place , it is conditioned by the specific problems [met] , and occurs through a synthesis of previous knowledge .

So complex and unpredictable is the work that to articulate any formal course of instruction which would remotely address the variety and nature of the problems routinely encountered is thought hardly possible .
so complex and unpredictable is the work that to articulate any formal course of instruction which would remotely address the variety and nature of the problems routinely [met] is thought hardly possible .

Our assumption is that if evaluation is directed towards problem solving then it presupposes a need for change , and most of the obstacles associated with other forms of educational innovation are likely to be encountered in the implementation of proposed ‘ remedies ’ .
our assumption is that if evaluation is directed towards problem solving then it presupposes a need for change , and most of the obstacles associated with other forms of educational innovation are likely to be [met] in the implementation of proposed ‘ remedies ’ .

They daily encountered ‘ colour bars ’ in employment , housing and pubs .
they daily [met] ‘ colour bars ’ in employment , housing and pubs .

As an example of this consider the use made of multiculturalism ( ‘ briefing about local customs and traditions ' ) and quasi-sociological jargon ( ‘ it is statistically proven … ’ ) to comment ironically about the kind of theories they have encountered during their training in community relations .
as an example of this consider the use made of multiculturalism ( ‘ briefing about local customs and traditions ' ) and quasi-sociological jargon ( ‘ it is statistically proven … ’ ) to comment ironically about the kind of theories they have [met] during their training in community relations .

We encountered one agency offering ( free ) training to its contractors via a system of credit points acquired through service , but it seems this practice is unusual .
we [met] one agency offering ( free ) training to its contractors via a system of credit points acquired through service , but it seems this practice is unusual .

In the course of our case studies in the manufacturing sector we encountered several organisations which had recently introduced or extended their use of temporary working and which referred to the workers concerned as `` casuals `` .
in the course of our case studies in the manufacturing sector we [met] several organisations which had recently introduced or extended their use of temporary working and which referred to the workers concerned as `` casuals `` .

We encountered limits as low as 10 per cent and as high as 30 per cent .
we [met] limits as low as 10 per cent and as high as 30 per cent .

Most design environments encountered contain a mixture of both these parameters with bias depending upon the company 's activities , as defined previously and illustrated in Figure 5.13 .
most design environments [met] contain a mixture of both these parameters with bias depending upon the company 's activities , as defined previously and illustrated in figure 5.13 .

The application of these concepts is best illustrated with typical problems encountered in mechanical engineering design .
the application of these concepts is best illustrated with typical problems [met] in mechanical engineering design .

One of the most common problems encountered is simply deciding if two components in a machine clash .
one of the most common problems [met] is simply deciding if two components in a machine clash .

The early spice traders also encountered the daunting `` home `` team of defending mariners , the Bugis tribe , who so terrified them with their skill and ferocity that the word `` Boogie man `` entered our language , and still haunts our dreams .
the early spice traders also [met] the daunting `` home `` team of defending mariners , the bugis tribe , who so terrified them with their skill and ferocity that the word `` boogie man `` entered our language , and still haunts our dreams .

Occasionally we encountered a bus or truck hurtling down towards us , slamming on the brakes at the last minute to edge past us with inches to spare .
occasionally we [met] a bus or truck hurtling down towards us , slamming on the brakes at the last minute to edge past us with inches to spare .

There is no chance of finally learning anything during a lecture , but there is a good chance that difficulties encountered in the study can be illuminated .
there is no chance of finally learning anything during a lecture , but there is a good chance that difficulties [met] in the study can be illuminated .

That the questions bear only a slight resemblance to the problems encountered in real life is irrelevant .
that the questions bear only a slight resemblance to the problems [met] in real life is irrelevant .

War Diaries , situation reports and other records of the time vividly convey the chaos prevailing throughout the area in those days immediately following the end of the war , as British units encountered this mass of fugitives fleeing , blocking roads or -seeking to surrender , mixed in with the Tito 's partisans and in eastern Carinthia with the advancing Bulgarians of Tolbukhin 's 3rd Ukrainian Front .
war diaries , situation reports and other records of the time vividly convey the chaos prevailing throughout the area in those days immediately following the end of the war , as british units [met] this mass of fugitives fleeing , blocking roads or -seeking to surrender , mixed in with the tito 's partisans and in eastern carinthia with the advancing bulgarians of tolbukhin 's 3rd ukrainian front .

In a situation report at 2300 hrs that evening , the Brigade 's Intelligence Officer Capt Nigel Nicolson recorded : `` In dealing with the surrender of the German troops south of the River Drau , the Grenadiers are faced with one of the most formidable problems yet encountered .
in a situation report at 2300 hrs that evening , the brigade 's intelligence officer capt nigel nicolson recorded : `` in dealing with the surrender of the german troops south of the river drau , the grenadiers are faced with one of the most formidable problems yet [met] .

As units of 6 Armoured Division advanced into eastern Carinthia they encountered Bulgarian units of Tolbukhin 's army group , who were delegating local administration to the Yugoslavs .
as units of 6 armoured division advanced into eastern carinthia they [met] bulgarian units of tolbukhin 's army group , who were delegating local administration to the yugoslavs .

This conclusion is thus somewhat at variance with that usually encountered in the literature .
this conclusion is thus somewhat at variance with that usually [met] in the literature .

The governor looked keenly at the American for a moment , but encountered only the senators disarming smile and turned away again . ``
the governor looked keenly at the american for a moment , but [met] only the senators disarming smile and turned away again . ``

Sometimes , as they encountered new crowds of pole-carrying Annamese peasants jogging ceaselessly between market and rice field , or spilling out of their tiny village temples and pagodas , he felt that what had happened was somehow inextricably bound up with the torrid , exotic country that was so totally unfamiliar to him in all its ways , and other distressing images of the recent past began to flood through his mind ; he saw again the brutal French colon lashing the fallen prisoners between the shafts of the cart in Saigon , remembered the horror he had felt at the sight of what he thought were many massacred coolies on the river wharf on their arrival , and he heard once more the thud of the Citron striking the peasant boy on the way to the hunting camp .
sometimes , as they [met] new crowds of pole-carrying annamese peasants jogging ceaselessly between market and rice field , or spilling out of their tiny village temples and pagodas , he felt that what had happened was somehow inextricably bound up with the torrid , exotic country that was so totally unfamiliar to him in all its ways , and other distressing images of the recent past began to flood through his mind ; he saw again the brutal french colon lashing the fallen prisoners between the shafts of the cart in saigon , remembered the horror he had felt at the sight of what he thought were many massacred coolies on the river wharf on their arrival , and he heard once more the thud of the citron striking the peasant boy on the way to the hunting camp .

Alternatively , we might expect the predation- pattern to show a form of apostatic selection ( Clarke , 1962 ) : the dog-whelks choosing the most frequently encountered of the potential prey species .
alternatively , we might expect the predation- pattern to show a form of apostatic selection ( clarke , 1962 ) : the dog-whelks choosing the most frequently [met] of the potential prey species .

Stephen had no clear idea , no idea at all really , as to what he would do when he and the man encountered each other .
stephen had no clear idea , no idea at all really , as to what he would do when he and the man [met] each other .

Emphasis is laid on the risks involved , the higher incidence of birth difficulties and subsequent infant illness , and the social difficulties encountered in coping with a baby , both emotionally and practically .
emphasis is laid on the risks involved , the higher incidence of birth difficulties and subsequent infant illness , and the social difficulties [met] in coping with a baby , both emotionally and practically .

Looking back , they would have done a few things quite differently , but they certainly did not conform to the view taken by some authorities that they encountered , that they are children who have ruined their lives and wasted their education .
looking back , they would have done a few things quite differently , but they certainly did not conform to the view taken by some authorities that they [met] , that they are children who have ruined their lives and wasted their education .

Culturally , the native population encountered by the Russians was more varied than that found by the first Europeans in northern North America , but the general linguistic situation in the two regions was similar .
culturally , the native population [met] by the russians was more varied than that found by the first europeans in northern north america , but the general linguistic situation in the two regions was similar .

Unlike the Scandinavian seafarers , however , the sixteenth-century Russians enjoyed an enormous military advantage over the indigenous people they encountered by having guns , and in addition they had behind them the organized power of the centralized state of Muscovy .
unlike the scandinavian seafarers , however , the sixteenth-century russians enjoyed an enormous military advantage over the indigenous people they [met] by having guns , and in addition they had behind them the organized power of the centralized state of muscovy .

In terms of military conquest , a considerable difference existed between the conditions encountered in the north and the south of Siberia .
in terms of military conquest , a considerable difference existed between the conditions [met] in the north and the south of siberia .

In their northward migration toward the tundra these peoples encountered the Nenets Samoeds and adopted many features of their reindeer-herding way of life , so that a northern type of Khantyn Selkup and Ket culture developed .
in their northward migration toward the tundra these peoples [met] the nenets samoeds and adopted many features of their reindeer-herding way of life , so that a northern type of khantyn selkup and ket culture developed .

Protozoans most likely to be encountered are Ichthyobodo , Chilodonella and Trichodina , all of which are at their most dangerous in early spring , as they are more temperature-tolerant than their hosts , and can soon overwhelm a Koi coming out of semi-dormancy .
protozoans most likely to be [met] are ichthyobodo , chilodonella and trichodina , all of which are at their most dangerous in early spring , as they are more temperature-tolerant than their hosts , and can soon overwhelm a koi coming out of semi-dormancy .

The third part shows that many problems encountered in police investigation turn up in scientific research and considers what lessons may be learnt from the experience of science .
the third part shows that many problems [met] in police investigation turn up in scientific research and considers what lessons may be learnt from the experience of science .

Such strategies may improve the condition of suspects but they do not deal directly with the real difficulties encountered by police investigators and do not necessarily improve the quality of their results .
such strategies may improve the condition of suspects but they do not deal directly with the real difficulties [met] by police investigators and do not necessarily improve the quality of their results .

To increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in attempts to determine what happened in the past .
to increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems [met] in attempts to determine what happened in the past .

Exceptions to the rule as stated above are rarely encountered , which is not surprising given that any such exception must be founded on a policy which can assert a greater claim to the court 's respect than that of open justice .
exceptions to the rule as stated above are rarely [met] , which is not surprising given that any such exception must be founded on a policy which can assert a greater claim to the court 's respect than that of open justice .

Underwater photographer Norbert Wu has been acclaimed for his studies of the plants and animals living in the oceans of the world . As chief stills photographer aboard many important research vessels , including Jacques Cousteau 's Calypso , Wu has encountered an incredible variety of living organisms — the comb jellies of the Arctic Ocean are just a few
underwater photographer norbert wu has been acclaimed for his studies of the plants and animals living in the oceans of the world . as chief stills photographer aboard many important research vessels , including jacques cousteau 's calypso , wu has [met] an incredible variety of living organisms — the comb jellies of the arctic ocean are just a few

The further problems are associated with difficulties that are encountered when trying to be precise about just how probable a law or theory is in the light of specified evidence .
the further problems are associated with difficulties that are [met] when trying to be precise about just how probable a law or theory is in the light of specified evidence .

The reservations that Galileo 's rivals held about accepting phenomena such as the moons of Jupiter that Galileo had learnt to see must have been in part due , not to prejudice , but to genuine difficulties encountered when learning to ‘ see ’ through what were , after all , very crude telescopes .
the reservations that galileo 's rivals held about accepting phenomena such as the moons of jupiter that galileo had learnt to see must have been in part due , not to prejudice , but to genuine difficulties [met] when learning to ‘ see ’ through what were , after all , very crude telescopes .

Theories are construed as speculative and tentative conjectures or guesses freely created by the human intellect in an attempt to overcome problems encountered by previous theories and to give an adequate account of the behaviour of some aspects of the world or universe .
theories are construed as speculative and tentative conjectures or guesses freely created by the human intellect in an attempt to overcome problems [met] by previous theories and to give an adequate account of the behaviour of some aspects of the world or universe .

Nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .
nevertheless , failures will be [met] and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .

Taken from Keats ' poem ‘ Lamia ’ , the tangibility of the three-dimension form may be explored and encountered by the eye directly , unlike in the poem where the reader experiences the presence of this dangerous serpent-woman through the richness and description of the writing .
taken from keats ' poem ‘ lamia ’ , the tangibility of the three-dimension form may be explored and [met] by the eye directly , unlike in the poem where the reader experiences the presence of this dangerous serpent-woman through the richness and description of the writing .

Yet in the small societies encountered during recent times by ethnologists in territories beyond those directly exploited by modern industrial economies they were predominantly organic and often highly perishable , including such things as furs and bird plumage .
yet in the small societies [met] during recent times by ethnologists in territories beyond those directly exploited by modern industrial economies they were predominantly organic and often highly perishable , including such things as furs and bird plumage .

When Captain Cook encountered them in 1778 the Eskimos of Bering Strait were using iron knives and wearing glass beads .
when captain cook [met] them in 1778 the eskimos of bering strait were using iron knives and wearing glass beads .

The richest sources exploited today are the mines of Colombia , where the Spanish conquerors encountered them in 1537 .
the richest sources exploited today are the mines of colombia , where the spanish conquerors [met] them in 1537 .

The orthodox account is the one most often encountered in the mass media , and is also regularly found in some official reports purporting to explain phenomena such as prison riots . It is well exemplified by the 1990 book Prison Crisis ( by the journalist Peter Evans ) , and is even better summarized by the following extract from a newspaper article of 1977 ( Humphry and May , 1977 ) :
the orthodox account is the one most often [met] in the mass media , and is also regularly found in some official reports purporting to explain phenomena such as prison riots . it is well exemplified by the 1990 book prison crisis ( by the journalist peter evans ) , and is even better summarized by the following extract from a newspaper article of 1977 ( humphry and may , 1977 ) :

( Indeed , not only did Beccaria use the concept of utility , but Bentham himself acknowledged his intellectual debt to Beccaria in the most fulsome terms and is even believed to have first encountered the phrase ‘ the greatest happiness of the greatest number ’ in Beccaria 's master work : see Beccaria , 1963 : x-xi , 9 . )
( indeed , not only did beccaria use the concept of utility , but bentham himself acknowledged his intellectual debt to beccaria in the most fulsome terms and is even believed to have first [met] the phrase ‘ the greatest happiness of the greatest number ’ in beccaria 's master work : see beccaria , 1963 : x-xi , 9 . )

Quite apart from the drafting problems that would be encountered , the imposition of such a system might well be resented by sentencers who would probably not find it difficult to subvert the intended aims through a process of ‘ destructive interpretation ’ .
quite apart from the drafting problems that would be [met] , the imposition of such a system might well be resented by sentencers who would probably not find it difficult to subvert the intended aims through a process of ‘ destructive interpretation ’ .

Ashworth suggests that the three main tasks for such a body would be , firstly , to establish a coherent set of sentencing aims and principles ; secondly , to review and reduce sentencing levels for the offences most frequently encountered ; and thirdly , to devise a set of general principles which could be used to assist courts in exercising their discretion when dealing with such problems as persistent or multiple offenders , or those in breach of existing court orders .
ashworth suggests that the three main tasks for such a body would be , firstly , to establish a coherent set of sentencing aims and principles ; secondly , to review and reduce sentencing levels for the offences most frequently [met] ; and thirdly , to devise a set of general principles which could be used to assist courts in exercising their discretion when dealing with such problems as persistent or multiple offenders , or those in breach of existing court orders .

The ovoid seemed to project a kind of deadly aura and , as Rostov compared the black egg shape with his memory of the framework structures which he had encountered previously , he wondered if the designers had been striving consciously for the visual effect which they had achieved .
the ovoid seemed to project a kind of deadly aura and , as rostov compared the black egg shape with his memory of the framework structures which he had [met] previously , he wondered if the designers had been striving consciously for the visual effect which they had achieved .

But in fact , it was just as likely that he would be killed by the first group of native Tarvarians he encountered .
but in fact , it was just as likely that he would be killed by the first group of native tarvarians he [met] .

They looked like equine stock , but they were half as big again as any horse that Rostov had ever encountered .
they looked like equine stock , but they were half as big again as any horse that rostov had ever [met] .

Probably a reaction to toxins our bodies had n't encountered before .
probably a reaction to toxins our bodies had n't [met] before .

Sir , We have just encountered a problem with obtaining a book on a cash with order basis .
sir , we have just [met] a problem with obtaining a book on a cash with order basis .

Some of the systematic disadvantages encountered by women in the labour market — especially working-class women , lone parents and those from ethnic minorities — are discussed elsewhere in this book and will only be mentioned here .
some of the systematic disadvantages [met] by women in the labour market — especially working-class women , lone parents and those from ethnic minorities — are discussed elsewhere in this book and will only be mentioned here .

The strain was encountered in the natural environment ( 1 ) , and its fertility rate ( number of eggs ) and number of offspring ( larvae or imago ) were apparently unaffected .
the strain was [met] in the natural environment ( 1 ) , and its fertility rate ( number of eggs ) and number of offspring ( larvae or imago ) were apparently unaffected .

Some of the difficulties encountered in England have arisen from miscalculations in setting funds , because of general practitioners ' uncertainty about costs .
some of the difficulties [met] in england have arisen from miscalculations in setting funds , because of general practitioners ' uncertainty about costs .

My practice has not encountered serious practical problems different from those of other fundholders and it seems to remove some of the difficulties of the existing scheme in that it resolves the problem of what referrals are within the range of services that can be purchased .
my practice has not [met] serious practical problems different from those of other fundholders and it seems to remove some of the difficulties of the existing scheme in that it resolves the problem of what referrals are within the range of services that can be purchased .

When these criteria were applied , the incidence of endometrial disease picked up by dilatation and curettage increased only slightly , from 13 % to 18 % ; again , no malignant or premalignant pathology was encountered .
when these criteria were applied , the incidence of endometrial disease picked up by dilatation and curettage increased only slightly , from 13 % to 18 % ; again , no malignant or premalignant pathology was [met] .

We have also encountered patients with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in France who were not apparently linked to any previously described ethnogeographic cluster of this mutation but bore it , suggesting the existence of separate foci .
we have also [met] patients with creutzfeldt-jakob disease in france who were not apparently linked to any previously described ethnogeographic cluster of this mutation but bore it , suggesting the existence of separate foci .

This was an important success , as deaf and dumb people have always encountered difficulties in finding employment , and there was a considerable risk that these difficulties could have become aggravated by discriminatory insurance .
this was an important success , as deaf and dumb people have always [met] difficulties in finding employment , and there was a considerable risk that these difficulties could have become aggravated by discriminatory insurance .

At the end of July , Nizan , en route to Corsica , by chance encountered Sartre and de Beauvoir in Marseille .
at the end of july , nizan , en route to corsica , by chance [met] sartre and de beauvoir in marseille .

‘ There was a remarkable reticence by the Bolivians to be photographed , ’ says Marj when describing some of the difficulties she encountered .
‘ there was a remarkable reticence by the bolivians to be photographed , ’ says marj when describing some of the difficulties she [met] .

This problem is likely to be encountered often by decision makers wishing to assess the methodological quality of published studies .
this problem is likely to be [met] often by decision makers wishing to assess the methodological quality of published studies .

Editor , — We recently encountered an interesting complication related to use of a laryngeal mask .
editor , — we recently [met] an interesting complication related to use of a laryngeal mask .

Bobby , who had not until then encountered homosexuality , was left uncertain about Minton 's feelings until one night in the winter of 1946 — 7 when he accompanied Minton and Keith Vaughan to the Café Royal .
bobby , who had not until then [met] homosexuality , was left uncertain about minton 's feelings until one night in the winter of 1946 — 7 when he accompanied minton and keith vaughan to the café royal .

It was probably here , too , that he first encountered Paul Odo Cross , the wealthy ex-ballet dancer who lived with the plant photographer , Angus Wilson , at Tidcombe Manor in Wiltshire , where they created a marvellous garden and influenced Cedric Morris with their growing and breeding of irises .
it was probably here , too , that he first [met] paul odo cross , the wealthy ex-ballet dancer who lived with the plant photographer , angus wilson , at tidcombe manor in wiltshire , where they created a marvellous garden and influenced cedric morris with their growing and breeding of irises .

’ This last remark proved accurate : Elek encountered financial difficulties and Vaughan , on his own and Minton 's behalf , took the matter of payment to his solicitors .
’ this last remark proved accurate : elek [met] financial difficulties and vaughan , on his own and minton 's behalf , took the matter of payment to his solicitors .

Arriving from Goldsmiths ' , where the teaching had been disciplined and informed , she encountered in the more haphazardly run Royal College ‘ an overpowering sense of vacuum ’ .
arriving from goldsmiths ' , where the teaching had been disciplined and informed , she [met] in the more haphazardly run royal college ‘ an overpowering sense of vacuum ’ .

The following examples illustrate the sorts of problems we encountered when we tried to apply our notion of ‘ shared tasks ’ in these classrooms .
the following examples illustrate the sorts of problems we [met] when we tried to apply our notion of ‘ shared tasks ’ in these classrooms .

Similarly , we have already encountered the question posed by The Architect 's Journal when Cramlington was first proposed in its modern form : will this place have any industrial , and hence employment , base which will make it more than merely a dormitory suburb ?
similarly , we have already [met] the question posed by the architect 's journal when cramlington was first proposed in its modern form : will this place have any industrial , and hence employment , base which will make it more than merely a dormitory suburb ?

This reversal was brought about both by Edward 's own pressure and by the hostility which Pecham encountered from some of his suffragans and from royal clerks .
this reversal was brought about both by edward 's own pressure and by the hostility which pecham [met] from some of his suffragans and from royal clerks .

The problems encountered with the notion of ‘ text ’ as the verbal record of a communicative act become a good deal more complex when we consider what is meant by spoken ‘ text ’ .
the problems [met] with the notion of ‘ text ’ as the verbal record of a communicative act become a good deal more complex when we consider what is meant by spoken ‘ text ’ .

Crystal ( 1980 ) also presents some of the problems encountered in attempting to analyse spontaneous speech in terms of categories like sentence and clause
crystal ( 1980 ) also presents some of the problems [met] in attempting to analyse spontaneous speech in terms of categories like sentence and clause

It is relevant that the topic framework for this extract ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , Edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the United States ) .
it is relevant that the topic framework for this extract ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had [met] in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the united states ) .

The knock-on effect of this would be to delay the start of Doctor Who on Television , something considered very unwise in the light of problems encountered on ‘ The Daleks ’ .
the knock-on effect of this would be to delay the start of doctor who on television , something considered very unwise in the light of problems [met] on ‘ the daleks ’ .

The problems encountered on the cavemen story prefaced the decision to drop Anthony Coburn 's second story , ‘ The Robots ’ .
the problems [met] on the cavemen story prefaced the decision to drop anthony coburn 's second story , ‘ the robots ’ .

The prototype came first , built mostly from wood with modifications agreed between Roberts and Cusick as obstacles were encountered .
the prototype came first , built mostly from wood with modifications agreed between roberts and cusick as obstacles were [met] .

To prevent a rerun of problems encountered on ‘ The Keys of Marinus ’ , two Designers were allocated to this serial to even out its massive effects and sets workload .
to prevent a rerun of problems [met] on ‘ the keys of marinus ’ , two designers were allocated to this serial to even out its massive effects and sets workload .

Her hands encountered no resistance , but found no way through the fog .
her hands [met] no resistance , but found no way through the fog .

Preston this dank October morn has encountered greater hazards and is prepared for more .
preston this dank october morn has [met] greater hazards and is prepared for more .

William did n't know what it was — flood or earthquake , drought or famine , or a combination of all four — but they moved , and they took the fleas and the bacilli with them , and somewhere in their travels they encountered the black rat rattus rattus , and the drama began to move along a bit , because rattus rattus was a vagabond and a great little mover .
william did n't know what it was — flood or earthquake , drought or famine , or a combination of all four — but they moved , and they took the fleas and the bacilli with them , and somewhere in their travels they [met] the black rat rattus rattus , and the drama began to move along a bit , because rattus rattus was a vagabond and a great little mover .

He pointed out that there would be nothing in the Act to meet what is itself a mischief frequently encountered today , namely , industrial espionage or obtaining information as to security details or other confidential information which may be stored on a company 's computer .
he pointed out that there would be nothing in the act to meet what is itself a mischief frequently [met] today , namely , industrial espionage or obtaining information as to security details or other confidential information which may be stored on a company 's computer .

In 1985 he was charged with other offences which were to be tried in the High Court of Hong Kong , but the prosecution encountered difficulties in bringing the case to trial .
in 1985 he was charged with other offences which were to be tried in the high court of hong kong , but the prosecution [met] difficulties in bringing the case to trial .

Remember that it is not unusual for strong winds to be associated with high pressure , although strong winds and gales are more frequently encountered in low pressure systems .
remember that it is not unusual for strong winds to be associated with high pressure , although strong winds and gales are more frequently [met] in low pressure systems .

Jo first encountered photography when she joined the North London commercial agency , Photo Coverage as a secretary .
jo first [met] photography when she joined the north london commercial agency , photo coverage as a secretary .

Considerable resistance may be encountered by anyone challenging these rationalisations .
considerable resistance may be [met] by anyone challenging these rationalisations .

However there is little hope that the above six laws , or any reasonable extension of them , will be adequate for every problem likely to be encountered in practice .
however there is little hope that the above six laws , or any reasonable extension of them , will be adequate for every problem likely to be [met] in practice .

Because of the variable nature of the factors contributing to manoeuvre-induced instrument errors , it is not possible to give positive guidance as to the magnitude — or even sense — of the errors likely to be encountered during a given manoeuvre .
because of the variable nature of the factors contributing to manoeuvre-induced instrument errors , it is not possible to give positive guidance as to the magnitude — or even sense — of the errors likely to be [met] during a given manoeuvre .

No longer is the Holy Spirit encountered as naked power ; he is clothed with the personality and character of Jesus .
no longer is the holy spirit [met] as naked power ; he is clothed with the personality and character of jesus .

In Committee we talked about the needs of women returning home late at night and of the problems encountered by mothers with young children transferring from one mode of transport to another .
in committee we talked about the needs of women returning home late at night and of the problems [met] by mothers with young children transferring from one mode of transport to another .

Yet the extracts from the diaries of staff contained in this account demonstrate the stress and emotional intensity encountered in working in a small school of this kind .
yet the extracts from the diaries of staff contained in this account demonstrate the stress and emotional intensity [met] in working in a small school of this kind .

Porter first identifies the problem that will be encountered if one proceeds with portfolio planning without explicit management of these interdependencies .
porter first identifies the problem that will be [met] if one proceeds with portfolio planning without explicit management of these interdependencies .

He 'd had the most compelling eyes she 'd ever encountered .
he 'd had the most compelling eyes she 'd ever [met] .

Inexplicably her thighs felt boneless , her stomach hollow with a longing she 'd never encountered …
inexplicably her thighs felt boneless , her stomach hollow with a longing she 'd never [met] …

And it is deeply revealing that recent scholarly research into what tribal art he could have encountered during the time of his first enthusiasm for it has demonstrated that he could not have seen most of the examples which art historians have previously compared and juxtaposed to his paintings.1
and it is deeply revealing that recent scholarly research into what tribal art he could have [met] during the time of his first enthusiasm for it has demonstrated that he could not have seen most of the examples which art historians have previously compared and juxtaposed to his paintings.1

More difficulty has been encountered when the jurisdictional requirements are phrased subjectively , with no requirement as to reasonableness , such as ‘ if the Minister thinks fit , necessary , he may … .
more difficulty has been [met] when the jurisdictional requirements are phrased subjectively , with no requirement as to reasonableness , such as ‘ if the minister thinks fit , necessary , he may … .

They were hand in hand , about a yard apart , swinging their joined hands high and indulging in a tug-of-war every time they encountered a lamp-post or a tree .
they were hand in hand , about a yard apart , swinging their joined hands high and indulging in a tug-of-war every time they [met] a lamp-post or a tree .

Her surprised fingers encountered something hard .
her surprised fingers [met] something hard .

But in Urquhart , standing there facing him that night , she encountered a ratchet that had broken free of its retaining spring and was spinning in reverse .
but in urquhart , standing there facing him that night , she [met] a ratchet that had broken free of its retaining spring and was spinning in reverse .

The more extreme flights of rhetoric we encountered were almost always associated with managerial detachment from the classroom .
the more extreme flights of rhetoric we [met] were almost always associated with managerial detachment from the classroom .

They had encountered no one , but suddenly Alexei knew without asking that Jotan 's hand rested upon the hilt of his borrowed sword .
they had [met] no one , but suddenly alexei knew without asking that jotan 's hand rested upon the hilt of his borrowed sword .

The accommodation was crowded and to Miss Logan 's mind far filthier than anything she had previously encountered .
the accommodation was crowded and to miss logan 's mind far filthier than anything she had previously [met] .

That day they encountered an Armenian priest who informed them that the mountain towards which they were heading had never been ascended and , moreover , never would be .
that day they [met] an armenian priest who informed them that the mountain towards which they were heading had never been ascended and , moreover , never would be .

Later , as she trudged behind the Kurd towards the village of Arghuri , Miss Logan envisaged an alternative explanation : the horses being stolen by those hospitable nomads encountered that first morning .
later , as she trudged behind the kurd towards the village of arghuri , miss logan envisaged an alternative explanation : the horses being stolen by those hospitable nomads [met] that first morning .

Stella is self-dramatizing like Alfred Hayley , frivolous and insecure like Nina Jackson , and her company is more distasteful than that of any previously encountered character in Brooke-Rose 's fiction .
stella is self-dramatizing like alfred hayley , frivolous and insecure like nina jackson , and her company is more distasteful than that of any previously [met] character in brooke-rose 's fiction .

Brooke-Rose here succeeds in solving the problems encountered in her earlier novels with the integration of ‘ form ’ and ‘ content ’ by demonstrating that metaphor is a powerful cognitive tool with specific social uses .
brooke-rose here succeeds in solving the problems [met] in her earlier novels with the integration of ‘ form ’ and ‘ content ’ by demonstrating that metaphor is a powerful cognitive tool with specific social uses .

This brings into play the logical faculties of discrimination and selection which assimilate perceptual stimuli to previously encountered images on the basis of structural analogy .
this brings into play the logical faculties of discrimination and selection which assimilate perceptual stimuli to previously [met] images on the basis of structural analogy .

In the early 1970s Brooke-Rose described the different ‘ houses of theory ’ she encountered when she moved to Paris in 1968 :
in the early 1970s brooke-rose described the different ‘ houses of theory ’ she [met] when she moved to paris in 1968 :

Dexter had encountered the same expression many years before in his teens .
dexter had [met] the same expression many years before in his teens .

The problems encountered when constructing such drawings are given in the examples of the bridal head-dress painting , illustrated .
the problems [met] when constructing such drawings are given in the examples of the bridal head-dress painting , illustrated .

Although John felt that we were pulling a rather large practical joke his sense of humour did prove to be a lot better than most we had encountered recently .
although john felt that we were pulling a rather large practical joke his sense of humour did prove to be a lot better than most we had [met] recently .

In both cases he faces the same moral dilemma which Kureishi has often encountered as a reluctant spokesman for the Asian community .
in both cases he faces the same moral dilemma which kureishi has often [met] as a reluctant spokesman for the asian community .

They usually consist of a small , leatherbound pocked-book containing page after page of diagrams drawn on gridded paper to show the heights and gradients of hills Edwardian cyclists might have encountered during their travels .
they usually consist of a small , leatherbound pocked-book containing page after page of diagrams drawn on gridded paper to show the heights and gradients of hills edwardian cyclists might have [met] during their travels .

‘ My lord came down here from the town when he heard of these outlaws passing this way , but never a glimpse of them have we encountered since .
‘ my lord came down here from the town when he heard of these outlaws passing this way , but never a glimpse of them have we [met] since .

His usual attitude towards people casually encountered was one of absent-minded indifference .
his usual attitude towards people casually [met] was one of absent-minded indifference .

It was while in exile in Andredsweald that Caedwalla encountered Wilfrid , exiled bishop of York , who had come c .
it was while in exile in andredsweald that caedwalla [met] wilfrid , exiled bishop of york , who had come c .

The women in the repeal movement encountered not only the power and outright misogyny of medical and military chiefs but also the restrictive codes of parliamentary politics , which defined the issues touched on by the acts as indecent and immoral .
the women in the repeal movement [met] not only the power and outright misogyny of medical and military chiefs but also the restrictive codes of parliamentary politics , which defined the issues touched on by the acts as indecent and immoral .

What we have encountered is a much more unstable hegemony , which was successfully challenged by competing groups .
what we have [met] is a much more unstable hegemony , which was successfully challenged by competing groups .

The wide range of motivation and attainment encountered amongst pupils opting to study a community language is sufficient argument for a deliberate concentration on methods of teaching which can adequately meet the needs of the different categories of learners .
the wide range of motivation and attainment [met] amongst pupils opting to study a community language is sufficient argument for a deliberate concentration on methods of teaching which can adequately meet the needs of the different categories of learners .

Cardiff turned back to Rohmer , and remembered again that feeling he was sure they 'd shared when they 'd first encountered each other .
cardiff turned back to rohmer , and remembered again that feeling he was sure they 'd shared when they 'd first [met] each other .

Finally she returned to the information desk where she 'd first encountered him the previous day , and found a pretty young woman sitting there stacking up guide books on Dublin .
finally she returned to the information desk where she 'd first [met] him the previous day , and found a pretty young woman sitting there stacking up guide books on dublin .

This style fits too well into the values and expectations most will have encountered from male relatives and heroes .
this style fits too well into the values and expectations most will have [met] from male relatives and heroes .

The third patient , encountered the following morning , was a young actor whose face had swollen to the size of a football .
the third patient , [met] the following morning , was a young actor whose face had swollen to the size of a football .

Although heavy with its medieval resonances , it can still be encountered , especially — and perhaps surprisingly — in American books on higher education .
although heavy with its medieval resonances , it can still be [met] , especially — and perhaps surprisingly — in american books on higher education .

We encountered this view at the beginning of this book , in the dialogues of Plato , where we found talk of ‘ the ascent to see the things in the upper world [ which ] you may take as standing for the upward journey into the region of the intelligible ’ .
we [met] this view at the beginning of this book , in the dialogues of plato , where we found talk of ‘ the ascent to see the things in the upper world [ which ] you may take as standing for the upward journey into the region of the intelligible ’ .

This sketch of a student 's intellectual development has followed the student through the stages of assimilating encountered knowledge ; deep understanding ; recognition of its provisionality and contested character ; exercising critical judgement ; being sensitive to other knowledge forms , and relativizing one 's own experience ; and taking a personal stand .
this sketch of a student 's intellectual development has followed the student through the stages of assimilating [met] knowledge ; deep understanding ; recognition of its provisionality and contested character ; exercising critical judgement ; being sensitive to other knowledge forms , and relativizing one 's own experience ; and taking a personal stand .

The graduate , for the rest of his or her life , will not be tied to glib or unsupported statements which might be encountered in the discipline .
the graduate , for the rest of his or her life , will not be tied to glib or unsupported statements which might be [met] in the discipline .

But a further response is sometimes encountered from those who seem to fear its potential power .
but a further response is sometimes [met] from those who seem to fear its potential power .

But , as we have seen , there is more than the student 's gaining a relativize sense of the knowledge encountered on a course .
but , as we have seen , there is more than the student 's gaining a relativize sense of the knowledge [met] on a course .

Their varied and imaginative tactics grew out of a strong collective identity developed in the face of the hostility they encountered from management .
their varied and imaginative tactics grew out of a strong collective identity developed in the face of the hostility they [met] from management .

Apparently he was quite charming , but as the basis of his charm seemed to rest upon the un-startling stratagem of addressing every female he encountered by the fullest possible version of her name ( so that every Julie became a Juliana , every Dot extended to a Dorothea , all Marys became Mariana , Sues Susanna , etc .
apparently he was quite charming , but as the basis of his charm seemed to rest upon the un-startling stratagem of addressing every female he [met] by the fullest possible version of her name ( so that every julie became a juliana , every dot extended to a dorothea , all marys became mariana , sues susanna , etc .

The anti-Semitism that he there encountered made him more conscious of the Jewishness that had not been particularly important to him before .
the anti-semitism that he there [met] made him more conscious of the jewishness that had not been particularly important to him before .

At about twenty , on her way ‘ to meeting ’ , she encountered a group of sailors who had just stripped , tarred , and feathered a beautiful girl ‘ ruined by a snare ’ .
at about twenty , on her way ‘ to meeting ’ , she [met] a group of sailors who had just stripped , tarred , and feathered a beautiful girl ‘ ruined by a snare ’ .

By the end of the 1920s , as the vogue for his books diminished , Machen encountered renewed financial hardship .
by the end of the 1920s , as the vogue for his books diminished , machen [met] renewed financial hardship .

On 10 June she and two companions , in a motor car , encountered a German roadblock at Salon-la-Tour , some thirty miles south-east of Limoges .
on 10 june she and two companions , in a motor car , [met] a german roadblock at salon-la-tour , some thirty miles south-east of limoges .

From France he went to the Alps and Italy , and in 1870–1 he made his first visit to America , where he may have encountered his father , as well as many unfamiliar trees and shrubs .
from france he went to the alps and italy , and in 1870–1 he made his first visit to america , where he may have [met] his father , as well as many unfamiliar trees and shrubs .

Sometime in the early 1730s she encountered the poems of the thresher Stephen Duck [ q.v . ]
sometime in the early 1730s she [met] the poems of the thresher stephen duck [ q.v . ]

Possibly de Moivre was one of Bayes 's teachers , so that Bayes may have learned of the problem directly from him , although he may equally have encountered it first in his writings or in the Observations on Man , His Frame , His Duty , And His Expectations ( 1749 ) by David Hartley [ q.v . ]
possibly de moivre was one of bayes 's teachers , so that bayes may have learned of the problem directly from him , although he may equally have [met] it first in his writings or in the observations on man , his frame , his duty , and his expectations ( 1749 ) by david hartley [ q.v . ]

It will always be based on the concrete problems encountered by communities in real situations .
it will always be based on the concrete problems [met] by communities in real situations .

He had slipped into a rather alarming habit lately of looking at every girl or woman he encountered to see how big her bust was .
he had slipped into a rather alarming habit lately of looking at every girl or woman he [met] to see how big her bust was .

He was trying , insanely , to preserve everyone in this family in just the state in which he had first encountered them , when they had given him that delightful sense of secure , harmonious , integrated living .
he was trying , insanely , to preserve everyone in this family in just the state in which he had first [met] them , when they had given him that delightful sense of secure , harmonious , integrated living .

Resisting a constable is the least commonly encountered form of the three special police offences , resistance and obstruction being virtually synonymous for these purposes .
resisting a constable is the least commonly [met] form of the three special police offences , resistance and obstruction being virtually synonymous for these purposes .

It is often argued that if a child learned how to recode unfamiliar letter strings — printed words not previously encountered — into a phonological form , this would permit reading to be parasitic on an already established ability to access the semantics of a word from its phonology .
it is often argued that if a child learned how to recode unfamiliar letter strings — printed words not previously [met] — into a phonological form , this would permit reading to be parasitic on an already established ability to access the semantics of a word from its phonology .

They provide a diversity of colour and shape not encountered in any other group of coldwater fish .
they provide a diversity of colour and shape not [met] in any other group of coldwater fish .

Providing that the catfish is avoided , and no more than a total of 15 cm ( 6 in ) length fish is introduced for every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of the surface area of the water , excluding the marginal areas , then few problems should be encountered .
providing that the catfish is avoided , and no more than a total of 15 cm ( 6 in ) length fish is introduced for every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of the surface area of the water , excluding the marginal areas , then few problems should be [met] .

Everyone is familiar with this popular orange , red or yellow fish which is frequently encountered in bowls and cold water aquaria indoors .
everyone is familiar with this popular orange , red or yellow fish which is frequently [met] in bowls and cold water aquaria indoors .

Both the silver and golden orfe make good pond fish , but it is the golden kind that is most frequently encountered .
both the silver and golden orfe make good pond fish , but it is the golden kind that is most frequently [met] .

This is a devastating disease which is most commonly encountered in mottled leafed varieties of waterlily .
this is a devastating disease which is most commonly [met] in mottled leafed varieties of waterlily .

There are many more pests and diseases than described here , but the foregoing are the most likely to be encountered .
there are many more pests and diseases than described here , but the foregoing are the most likely to be [met] .

Just short of the entrance to the Estrecho de Magellanes they had encountered gale-force winds and off Cabo Virgenes the tow had begun to sheer violently and range up on the tug .
just short of the entrance to the estrecho de magellanes they had [met] gale-force winds and off cabo virgenes the tow had begun to sheer violently and range up on the tug .

There are other difficulties encountered in the study of the higher marine terraces .
there are other difficulties [met] in the study of the higher marine terraces .

The creation of the Training and Enterprise Councils by central government to run the bulk of the country 's training has encountered problems of culture clash .
the creation of the training and enterprise councils by central government to run the bulk of the country 's training has [met] problems of culture clash .

However , had he put forward a radical package , with organisational , administrative and hierarchical implications , he might have encountered resistance .
however , had he put forward a radical package , with organisational , administrative and hierarchical implications , he might have [met] resistance .

To illustrate the type of problems encountered and the extent to which they are overcome the process of forward planning of student numbers is chosen as a test case .
to illustrate the type of problems [met] and the extent to which they are overcome the process of forward planning of student numbers is chosen as a test case .

When leaving on his epic journey around the world , Phileas Fogg encountered a begging woman with her child at Charing Cross Station and gave her the proceeds of his recent success at whist .
when leaving on his epic journey around the world , phileas fogg [met] a begging woman with her child at charing cross station and gave her the proceeds of his recent success at whist .

In the western United States travellers encountered the native Americans , the Indians who had so often been dispossessed of their lands and livelihoods by the railway companies .
in the western united states travellers [met] the native americans , the indians who had so often been dispossessed of their lands and livelihoods by the railway companies .

In Russia the same effect was produced by Buryats , Tatars , and other eastern peoples encountered on the Trans-Siberian .
in russia the same effect was produced by buryats , tatars , and other eastern peoples [met] on the trans-siberian .

Rudyard Kipling ( who once was forced to travel on a migrant train in the United States and found it a ‘ nightmare ’ ) encountered a peculiarly American hazard for the famous traveller .
rudyard kipling ( who once was forced to travel on a migrant train in the united states and found it a ‘ nightmare ’ ) [met] a peculiarly american hazard for the famous traveller .

Neele was ultra-sensitive to the proprieties and was particularly preoccupied with keeping undesirables away from the Queen , even though these sometimes included notabilities . When the Queen called at Perth General Station for breakfast , which was taken in the company offices , she invariably encountered , much to Neele 's distaste , the Chairman of the North British Railway , Mr Stirling , known locally as ‘ Kippen Davie ’ ,
neele was ultra-sensitive to the proprieties and was particularly preoccupied with keeping undesirables away from the queen , even though these sometimes included notabilities . when the queen called at perth general station for breakfast , which was taken in the company offices , she invariably [met] , much to neele 's distaste , the chairman of the north british railway , mr stirling , known locally as ‘ kippen davie ’ ,

Similar concentrations of peasant products could be encountered at stations on other continents .
similar concentrations of peasant products could be [met] at stations on other continents .

We have identified difficulties which may be encountered in realising that a problem has a legal dimension and in connecting that problem to the sort of work with which lawyers are commonly understood to deal .
we have identified difficulties which may be [met] in realising that a problem has a legal dimension and in connecting that problem to the sort of work with which lawyers are commonly understood to deal .

They encountered taverns with painted signs hanging outside , and shops with their wares displayed in the windows .
they [met] taverns with painted signs hanging outside , and shops with their wares displayed in the windows .

The question arises of whether a solid surface of hydrogen is encountered in the ocean .
the question arises of whether a solid surface of hydrogen is [met] in the ocean .

What did surprise him a little , and which argued a political maturity that even sensitive Western observers were sometimes inclined to overlook , was that , in three days of systematic canvassing of Libyan opinion , he encountered little or no personal hostility .
what did surprise him a little , and which argued a political maturity that even sensitive western observers were sometimes inclined to overlook , was that , in three days of systematic canvassing of libyan opinion , he [met] little or no personal hostility .

He had dictated his resignation to the first secretary he encountered .
he had dictated his resignation to the first secretary he [met] .

He did not know of it , a thought which after a few minutes occurred to Wainfleet when Wickham encountered him in the pub .
he did not know of it , a thought which after a few minutes occurred to wainfleet when wickham [met] him in the pub .

The paintwork was black , the walls covered in silver foil ; each of a line of doorways blazed with about a thousand watts of brilliance and there was a smell of greasepaint and cleansing cream that she had n't encountered since having a couple of bit parts in school plays .
the paintwork was black , the walls covered in silver foil ; each of a line of doorways blazed with about a thousand watts of brilliance and there was a smell of greasepaint and cleansing cream that she had n't [met] since having a couple of bit parts in school plays .

And not just the ordinary version you see today , but the rarely encountered Hanoverian version .
and not just the ordinary version you see today , but the rarely [met] hanoverian version .

Since 1985 , the Association has promoted itself in the South but has encountered difficulty in establishing a countrywide structure due in even part to branches being thin on the ground in some areas and the difficulty in telling all assistant managers of the benefits and purpose of the Association .
since 1985 , the association has promoted itself in the south but has [met] difficulty in establishing a countrywide structure due in even part to branches being thin on the ground in some areas and the difficulty in telling all assistant managers of the benefits and purpose of the association .

Over the northern section of the site , fluvioglacial silty sandy gravels are encountered , sometimes overlying the boulder clay and sometimes resting directly on bedrock .
over the northern section of the site , fluvioglacial silty sandy gravels are [met] , sometimes overlying the boulder clay and sometimes resting directly on bedrock .

Isolated pockets of alluvium and fluvioglacial material were encountered in various small valleys along the route which had been formed as glacial melt-water channels .
isolated pockets of alluvium and fluvioglacial material were [met] in various small valleys along the route which had been formed as glacial melt-water channels .

The conditions he encountered in these other counties however , appear to have left a deeper , and darker , impression on his mind .
the conditions he [met] in these other counties however , appear to have left a deeper , and darker , impression on his mind .

However , MPAs should be still be given discretion to determine the exact order of the review in relation to the most serious problems encountered in their areas .
however , mpas should be still be given discretion to determine the exact order of the review in relation to the most serious problems [met] in their areas .

It must be noted that some sixth form colleges have encountered the same problems and are more successful in areas where they are not in direct competition with 11–18 schools .
it must be noted that some sixth form colleges have [met] the same problems and are more successful in areas where they are not in direct competition with 11–18 schools .

The few instances of `` long distance transport tend to be early : at Fishbourne , or Angmering , where siltstone of Mediterranean origin was encountered .
the few instances of `` long distance transport tend to be early : at fishbourne , or angmering , where siltstone of mediterranean origin was [met] .

In conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .
in conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems [met] in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .

The difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .
the difficulty [met] by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .

The disease is most commonly encountered in the patent phase although the other forms have been recognised .
the disease is most commonly [met] in the patent phase although the other forms have been recognised .

The disease is most often encountered in pigs on pasture , though an occasional outbreak has occurred in yarded pigs .
the disease is most often [met] in pigs on pasture , though an occasional outbreak has occurred in yarded pigs .

He was more formidable and , leaving aside the way he had treated her , more admirable in so many other ways than any man she had ever encountered .
he was more formidable and , leaving aside the way he had treated her , more admirable in so many other ways than any man she had ever [met] .

If a tilde ( ) is encountered in the print list , he numeric items which follow it are printed in hexadecimal .
if a tilde ( ) is [met] in the print list , he numeric items which follow it are printed in hexadecimal .

If a comma or a semi-colon is encountered further down the print list , the format reverts to decimal .
if a comma or a semi-colon is [met] further down the print list , the format reverts to decimal .

This displacement continues until a comma is encountered .
this displacement continues until a comma is [met] .

Unless , of course , you encountered some other delay ?
unless , of course , you [met] some other delay ?

Ronni stood and watched the empty doorway for a moment , feeling a little as though she 'd just encountered a whirlwind .
ronni stood and watched the empty doorway for a moment , feeling a little as though she 'd just [met] a whirlwind .

Somehow she 'd been expecting resistance , something she had frequently encountered with Graham Rowell whenever she had attempted anything new , and it came as a shock to find that she and David Markham were on the same wavelength .
somehow she 'd been expecting resistance , something she had frequently [met] with graham rowell whenever she had attempted anything new , and it came as a shock to find that she and david markham were on the same wavelength .

Emotional and conduct disorders are the most frequently encountered psychiatric disturbances of childhood .
emotional and conduct disorders are the most frequently [met] psychiatric disturbances of childhood .

During interviews with more than 2,000 adults in Chicago they attempted to identify the conflicts , frustrations and other role strains encountered by parents , married couples , workers and breadwinners , the coping behaviours used to attempt to minimise their impact , and any current symptoms of depression and anxiety .
during interviews with more than 2,000 adults in chicago they attempted to identify the conflicts , frustrations and other role strains [met] by parents , married couples , workers and breadwinners , the coping behaviours used to attempt to minimise their impact , and any current symptoms of depression and anxiety .

Then the range of speeds that can be measured is very wide ; fractional Doppler shifts as small as 10 -15 can be measured and thus speeds down to less than — far lower than those normally encountered in fluid dynamics — though not all systems are capable of this .
then the range of speeds that can be measured is very wide ; fractional doppler shifts as small as 10 -15 can be measured and thus speeds down to less than — far lower than those normally [met] in fluid dynamics — though not all systems are capable of this .

The first works best at high speeds , such as those in many water-channel experiments ; the second and third at intermediate speeds ; and the last at the low speeds likely to be encountered in convection and rotating fluid experiments .
the first works best at high speeds , such as those in many water-channel experiments ; the second and third at intermediate speeds ; and the last at the low speeds likely to be [met] in convection and rotating fluid experiments .

Although this feat was probably know to McBride , he most likely was responding to the increasing image control evident in a painting like ‘ The Shelton with Sunspots ’ as a radical departure from the work he had encountered when he first began to review her exhibitions in 1923 .
although this feat was probably know to mcbride , he most likely was responding to the increasing image control evident in a painting like ‘ the shelton with sunspots ’ as a radical departure from the work he had [met] when he first began to review her exhibitions in 1923 .

Les nopces de village provides a typical example of the problems encountered .
les nopces de village provides a typical example of the problems [met] .

More to the point , the urgent message rushing from her brain to her feet seemed to have encountered an impassable landslide en route .
more to the point , the urgent message rushing from her brain to her feet seemed to have [met] an impassable landslide en route .

He was a good-looking man with his jet-black hair and intimidating jawline , but she had encountered any number far more handsome , yet none had stirred her the way he could with a single glance from those incredible eyes .
he was a good-looking man with his jet-black hair and intimidating jawline , but she had [met] any number far more handsome , yet none had stirred her the way he could with a single glance from those incredible eyes .

For a long moment silence hung in the air between them , Candy obviously searching for a solution to a problem she had never encountered before .
for a long moment silence hung in the air between them , candy obviously searching for a solution to a problem she had never [met] before .

It was an attitude she had encountered before admittedly — from people who assumed that because she had grown up in hotels , she had been able to enjoy all the comforts afforded to the customers .
it was an attitude she had [met] before admittedly — from people who assumed that because she had grown up in hotels , she had been able to enjoy all the comforts afforded to the customers .

In her early days as a singer she had encountered those who had wrongly assumed she was nothing more than a beautiful but empty-headed blonde .
in her early days as a singer she had [met] those who had wrongly assumed she was nothing more than a beautiful but empty-headed blonde .

You 've probably never encountered opposition before , because you 've deliberately gone after the weak who could n't fight back .
you 've probably never [met] opposition before , because you 've deliberately gone after the weak who could n't fight back .

Her eyes shot to his and encountered a fire that held her mesmerised and sent a shiver down her spine .
her eyes shot to his and [met] a fire that held her mesmerised and sent a shiver down her spine .

‘ It makes you look rakish , ’ she decided , and drew in a ragged breath as she encountered a smouldering look in his eyes .
‘ it makes you look rakish , ’ she decided , and drew in a ragged breath as she [met] a smouldering look in his eyes .

Beginning in the forearc zone and moving towards the volcanic arc the first feature encountered is the trench which rises to the outer-arc ridge .
beginning in the forearc zone and moving towards the volcanic arc the first feature [met] is the trench which rises to the outer-arc ridge .

Indeed , defining the computers ’ role in the classroom was a second problematic area encountered by the international meeting .
indeed , defining the computers ’ role in the classroom was a second problematic area [met] by the international meeting .

For , both within capitalist countries and at the points where expanding bourgeois society encountered — and destroyed — other societies , the living past and the emerging present came into open conflict .
for , both within capitalist countries and at the points where expanding bourgeois society [met] — and destroyed — other societies , the living past and the emerging present came into open conflict .

This divergence between collective and individual rationality is not encountered when the means by which the real wage is reduced is via an increase in the absolute price level .
this divergence between collective and individual rationality is not [met] when the means by which the real wage is reduced is via an increase in the absolute price level .

This diagram is , of course , the old and familiar friend which we first encountered in Chapter 2 when discussing Pigou 's theory of employment .
this diagram is , of course , the old and familiar friend which we first [met] in chapter 2 when discussing pigou 's theory of employment .

The enormous extent by which prices might have to fall , together with the dynamic instabilities which might be encountered en route , were regarded as sufficient grounds for looking elsewhere for remedies for unemployment .
the enormous extent by which prices might have to fall , together with the dynamic instabilities which might be [met] en route , were regarded as sufficient grounds for looking elsewhere for remedies for unemployment .

The only practical problem encountered ( apart from cases where the proffered acknowledgement form was ignored , and the seller returned his own acknowledgement form or called for a special negotiation ) was that some sellers ' administrative systems required the issue of their own acknowledgement form before an order could be logged .
the only practical problem [met] ( apart from cases where the proffered acknowledgement form was ignored , and the seller returned his own acknowledgement form or called for a special negotiation ) was that some sellers ' administrative systems required the issue of their own acknowledgement form before an order could be logged .

The salaried partner is frequently encountered in modern solicitors ' firms .
the salaried partner is frequently [met] in modern solicitors ' firms .

Claims ( for what they may be worth ) for indemnity from a miscreant partner will more readily be encountered in the context of fraudulent activities in relation to the misapplication of money or property received for or in custody of the firm , to which s11 of the Partnership Act is directed : In the following cases ; namely — ( a ) Where one partner acting within the scope of his apparent authority receives the money or property of a third person and misapplies it ; and ( b ) Where a firm in the course of its business receives money or property of a third person , and the money or property so received is misapplied by one or more of the partners while it is in the custody of the firm ; the firm is liable to make good the loss .
claims ( for what they may be worth ) for indemnity from a miscreant partner will more readily be [met] in the context of fraudulent activities in relation to the misapplication of money or property received for or in custody of the firm , to which s11 of the partnership act is directed : in the following cases ; namely — ( a ) where one partner acting within the scope of his apparent authority receives the money or property of a third person and misapplies it ; and ( b ) where a firm in the course of its business receives money or property of a third person , and the money or property so received is misapplied by one or more of the partners while it is in the custody of the firm ; the firm is liable to make good the loss .

Not surprisingly though , an agreement under subs ( 3 ) involving the creditors of a firm of solicitors will rarely be encountered .
not surprisingly though , an agreement under subs ( 3 ) involving the creditors of a firm of solicitors will rarely be [met] .

It may be noted , however , that disputes among solicitors as to what property belongs to their firm are comparatively rarely encountered .
it may be noted , however , that disputes among solicitors as to what property belongs to their firm are comparatively rarely [met] .

( a ) Grounds ( Clause 19.01 ) All or any of the following may be expected to be encountered , though in any given agreement the grounds may be more or less specific as the requirements of particular firms differ .
( a ) grounds ( clause 19.01 ) all or any of the following may be expected to be [met] , though in any given agreement the grounds may be more or less specific as the requirements of particular firms differ .

In the course of time , economic and social pressures ensured that the coincidence of sufficient financial resources and professional potential was encountered with diminishing frequency .
in the course of time , economic and social pressures ensured that the coincidence of sufficient financial resources and professional potential was [met] with diminishing frequency .

Although not a true source in that it is not found in published material , the other main source of information about the applications of expert determination is provided by the instances encountered in the course of practice .
although not a true source in that it is not found in published material , the other main source of information about the applications of expert determination is provided by the instances [met] in the course of practice .

There are two main standard forms of rent review clauses , from which most forms generally encountered derive . ``
there are two main standard forms of rent review clauses , from which most forms generally [met] derive . ``

These clauses , in the forms usually encountered , are more likely to
these clauses , in the forms usually [met] , are more likely to

Great difficulty will be encountered in seeking to use expert determination outside a bipartite contractual dispute .
great difficulty will be [met] in seeking to use expert determination outside a bipartite contractual dispute .

Clauses referring all disputes under a contract to an expert are encountered from time to time in practice .
clauses referring all disputes under a contract to an expert are [met] from time to time in practice .

For instance , some building leases encountered in practice provide that `` any … dispute … in any way relating to the execution of the project shall be referred to the decision of an independent surveyor ( acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) … `` .
for instance , some building leases [met] in practice provide that `` any … dispute … in any way relating to the execution of the project shall be referred to the decision of an independent surveyor ( acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) … `` .

Certificates are decisions of the employer 's agent : in the forms of contract usually encountered , the certificates are reviewable by arbitration .
certificates are decisions of the employer 's agent : in the forms of contract usually [met] , the certificates are reviewable by arbitration .

The most commonly encountered wording is that the referee is to act as an expert and not as an arbitrator .
the most commonly [met] wording is that the referee is to act as an expert and not as an arbitrator .

For instance , in the commercial applications , the articles of association of a company do not specify a procedure , but merely say that the auditors are to certify the value of the shares ( see Chapter 3 ) : the same brevity is encountered in the share option ( 5.2 ) and convertible preference share examples ( 5.6 ) .
for instance , in the commercial applications , the articles of association of a company do not specify a procedure , but merely say that the auditors are to certify the value of the shares ( see chapter 3 ) : the same brevity is [met] in the share option ( 5.2 ) and convertible preference share examples ( 5.6 ) .

However , these cases will be rare , and probably the only exception encountered with any frequency will be the appointment of a company 's auditors to value its shares .
however , these cases will be rare , and probably the only exception [met] with any frequency will be the appointment of a company 's auditors to value its shares .

Badly drafted clauses sometimes encountered say that the expert must be acceptable to both parties , or that he is to be appointed by some person or institution acceptable to both parties .
badly drafted clauses sometimes [met] say that the expert must be acceptable to both parties , or that he is to be appointed by some person or institution acceptable to both parties .

Clauses are sometimes encountered which state that a referee is to be appointed who is described as an expert and then told that he will act as an arbitrator , or , alternatively , that the referee is an arbitrator who will act as an expert .
clauses are sometimes [met] which state that a referee is to be appointed who is described as an expert and then told that he will act as an arbitrator , or , alternatively , that the referee is an arbitrator who will act as an expert .

The sections below are concerned with heads of recoverable damage commonly encountered .
the sections below are concerned with heads of recoverable damage commonly [met] .

One of the common problems encountered in assets sales is determining how the customer and supplier contracts entered into by the vendor are to be transferred to the purchaser .
one of the common problems [met] in assets sales is determining how the customer and supplier contracts entered into by the vendor are to be transferred to the purchaser .

Successive governments encountered problems in responding to the changed conditions and in raising resources to meet public expectations .
successive governments [met] problems in responding to the changed conditions and in raising resources to meet public expectations .

Then , in a further foray , Bothwell encountered Little Jock Elliot of the Park , one of the most savage of that reiving family , and shot him off his horse .
then , in a further foray , bothwell [met] little jock elliot of the park , one of the most savage of that reiving family , and shot him off his horse .

Even when she later encountered more difficulties , she tried all sorts of positions , but never changed her grip on the hammer .
even when she later [met] more difficulties , she tried all sorts of positions , but never changed her grip on the hammer .

Abimelech , the Philistine king ( 26:1 ) : the name is probably a family or throne-name , this is therefore likely to have been a later king than the one Abraham encountered ( 20–21 ) .
abimelech , the philistine king ( 26:1 ) : the name is probably a family or throne-name , this is therefore likely to have been a later king than the one abraham [met] ( 20–21 ) .

During her studies in psychology and education , she encountered the work of Piaget , and discovered the fascination of trying to study and understand the development of children 's minds .
during her studies in psychology and education , she [met] the work of piaget , and discovered the fascination of trying to study and understand the development of children 's minds .

If difficulty is encountered , the normal result is that the input is disrupted in various ways .
if difficulty is [met] , the normal result is that the input is disrupted in various ways .

She never for a moment thought of deserting French for Mrs Hill , having encountered amongst other things some nasty problems about the nature of electricity , but she did enjoy the sensation of flirtation : she spent a long time making her mind up , and finally was summoned by the headmistress , who told her she ought to stick to Sciences , because they offered better prospects .
she never for a moment thought of deserting french for mrs hill , having [met] amongst other things some nasty problems about the nature of electricity , but she did enjoy the sensation of flirtation : she spent a long time making her mind up , and finally was summoned by the headmistress , who told her she ought to stick to sciences , because they offered better prospects .

There was also some correlation with social class , both experience and permissiveness being more often encountered among working-class than among middle-class respondents .
there was also some correlation with social class , both experience and permissiveness being more often [met] among working-class than among middle-class respondents .

Repeated instances are encountered of boys and girls displaying their genitals to one another and examining each other 's sexual parts .
repeated instances are [met] of boys and girls displaying their genitals to one another and examining each other 's sexual parts .

Any social worker of experience has encountered cases of marital disruption or dissonance resulting from obsessive preoccupation and affection of one parent with a child and from the tensions and jealousies arising in the other parent .
any social worker of experience has [met] cases of marital disruption or dissonance resulting from obsessive preoccupation and affection of one parent with a child and from the tensions and jealousies arising in the other parent .

Off Corunna , they encountered a huge Levantine merchantman , and exchanged gun salutes with her .
off corunna , they [met] a huge levantine merchantman , and exchanged gun salutes with her .

Examination of the aircraft position reports reveal that the aircraft most probably encountered considerably stronger head winds than forecast , particularly on the leg from Prince Christian to Goose Bay .
examination of the aircraft position reports reveal that the aircraft most probably [met] considerably stronger head winds than forecast , particularly on the leg from prince christian to goose bay .

Equally , however , if the only learning experience one encountered was in closely programmed format there would be no scope for those intuitive leaps and imaginative forays most of us remember , or for those times in which one pursues a sudden enthusiasm almost to saturation .
equally , however , if the only learning experience one [met] was in closely programmed format there would be no scope for those intuitive leaps and imaginative forays most of us remember , or for those times in which one pursues a sudden enthusiasm almost to saturation .

These feelings tend to be transitory but some patients remain psychologically disturbed for many years and , in a few psychological difficulties develop in the convalescent period which were not apparent during the acute episode.While these problems can sometimes be anticipated in hospital on the basis of the patient 's reaction to his illness , and any premorbid difficulties which he has encountered in the past , a better idea of his potential can be gained by following him during the convalescent period to observe how he copes with the various stresses and strains which he encounters during this time .
these feelings tend to be transitory but some patients remain psychologically disturbed for many years and , in a few psychological difficulties develop in the convalescent period which were not apparent during the acute episode.while these problems can sometimes be anticipated in hospital on the basis of the patient 's reaction to his illness , and any premorbid difficulties which he has [met] in the past , a better idea of his potential can be gained by following him during the convalescent period to observe how he copes with the various stresses and strains which he encounters during this time .

Civil War is an awful thing , not to be lightly encountered , but it is not the greatest evil which confronts us if the coercion of Ulster is tried .
civil war is an awful thing , not to be lightly [met] , but it is not the greatest evil which confronts us if the coercion of ulster is tried .

In the coalition years the party encountered severe difficulties , some endemic to coalition as such , some related to the times , but together they created a general frustration from which the party was lucky to emerge so well .
in the coalition years the party [met] severe difficulties , some endemic to coalition as such , some related to the times , but together they created a general frustration from which the party was lucky to emerge so well .

What will happen on a particular occasion we can not say , but we can predict that after a large number of photons have encountered the crystal a fraction will be found to have been transmitted .
what will happen on a particular occasion we can not say , but we can predict that after a large number of photons have [met] the crystal a fraction will be found to have been transmitted .

We encountered a similar example of this happening when we discussed the transmission of photons by a crystal of tourmaline ( p. 19 ) .
we [met] a similar example of this happening when we discussed the transmission of photons by a crystal of tourmaline ( p. 19 ) .

The use of the contractual conception of the company to give legitimacy to the vesting of managerial power in the directors of the company encountered two difficulties .
the use of the contractual conception of the company to give legitimacy to the vesting of managerial power in the directors of the company [met] two difficulties .

The difficulty encountered by the expertise theory in trying to demonstrate the legitimacy of corporate managerial power by showing that there are restraints on the discretion of the managers stems from its attempt to combine a deference to the judgments of business managers with an insistence that corporate managers are subject to fiduciary duties that prevent them from exercising their power for their own purposes or for other non-corporate ends .
the difficulty [met] by the expertise theory in trying to demonstrate the legitimacy of corporate managerial power by showing that there are restraints on the discretion of the managers stems from its attempt to combine a deference to the judgments of business managers with an insistence that corporate managers are subject to fiduciary duties that prevent them from exercising their power for their own purposes or for other non-corporate ends .

Another world in a small room is to be encountered at Leccese Sprüth , where Alighiero e Boetti 's fifty-one knitted Afghan pieces , each one metre square , will cover the walls through November .
another world in a small room is to be [met] at leccese sprüth , where alighiero e boetti 's fifty-one knitted afghan pieces , each one metre square , will cover the walls through november .

If the mechanism made us faint , or vomit , or have a heart attack , then as cavemen we would have made very easy prey every time we encountered an animal we feared .
if the mechanism made us faint , or vomit , or have a heart attack , then as cavemen we would have made very easy prey every time we [met] an animal we feared .

If we avoid facing up to it we then make it more likely that the next time the situation , or a similar one , is encountered we will avoid it again .
if we avoid facing up to it we then make it more likely that the next time the situation , or a similar one , is [met] we will avoid it again .

It 's a kind of work encountered with more and more frequency in New York galleries these days .
it 's a kind of work [met] with more and more frequency in new york galleries these days .

The lack of even basic knowledge is probably a fault encountered more when dealing with a consultancy than with in-house PROs .
the lack of even basic knowledge is probably a fault [met] more when dealing with a consultancy than with in-house pros .

The former are generally referred to as kelims or flatweaves , and are normally the cheaper and less frequently encountered of the two types .
the former are generally referred to as kelims or flatweaves , and are normally the cheaper and less frequently [met] of the two types .

This size is frequently encountered in contemporary Anatolian village rugs .
this size is frequently [met] in contemporary anatolian village rugs .

It is most frequently encountered in old Caucasian , nomadic and village rugs , and is much less common in workshop items .
it is most frequently [met] in old caucasian , nomadic and village rugs , and is much less common in workshop items .

They were popular with some older Caucasian ( mainly Karabagh ) groups , and may still be encountered on a number of village and workshop items .
they were popular with some older caucasian ( mainly karabagh ) groups , and may still be [met] on a number of village and workshop items .

Naturalistic versions were found on older Caucasian items , and may still be encountered on some contemporary Persian workshop items .
naturalistic versions were found on older caucasian items , and may still be [met] on some contemporary persian workshop items .

Sophisticated versions may be found in a number of workshop items , particularly Kerman and Quoom , but perhaps its finest and most definitive expression is encountered in the more primitive rugs of the Bakhtiari tribe .
sophisticated versions may be found in a number of workshop items , particularly kerman and quoom , but perhaps its finest and most definitive expression is [met] in the more primitive rugs of the bakhtiari tribe .

The most frequently encountered variation of the boteh is known as the mir or mir-i-boteh design , so named because the village of Mal-e-Mir , in the Serabend district of west central Persia , was renowned for fine quality rugs in this design .
the most frequently [met] variation of the boteh is known as the mir or mir-i-boteh design , so named because the village of mal-e-mir , in the serabend district of west central persia , was renowned for fine quality rugs in this design .

It is impossible in a book of this size to include every Chinese symbol with its accredited meaning , but the most frequently encountered are listed below .
it is impossible in a book of this size to include every chinese symbol with its accredited meaning , but the most frequently [met] are listed below .

The question is , what sorts of models and control frameworks are best at getting round the various problems that will be encountered in designing regulatory schemes ?
the question is , what sorts of models and control frameworks are best at getting round the various problems that will be [met] in designing regulatory schemes ?

Are the daily frustrations encountered by the infant traumata that irreversibly shape his behaviour ?
are the daily frustrations [met] by the infant traumata that irreversibly shape his behaviour ?

Freud , however , was not content merely to make the general assertion ; he went further in stipulating the kinds of experience that would produce particular kinds of results if encountered at specified stages of development .
freud , however , was not content merely to make the general assertion ; he went further in stipulating the kinds of experience that would produce particular kinds of results if [met] at specified stages of development .

It seems improbable that anything comparable to the traumata commonly employed in psychological experiments with mice , rats and dogs would be encountered by human children .
it seems improbable that anything comparable to the traumata commonly employed in psychological experiments with mice , rats and dogs would be [met] by human children .

Excretion of administered interleukin-2 and difficulties is maintaining adequate fluid and electrolyte balance are the most common clinically severe toxicities encountered .
excretion of administered interleukin-2 and difficulties is maintaining adequate fluid and electrolyte balance are the most common clinically severe toxicities [met] .

The difficulties encountered in treating vasculitic ulcers were referred to by four nurses , and of the ‘ steroid skin ’ by a further two , while two recognised their failure to heal ulcers was due to patients ' unstable diabetes , and one called for a clinical specialist with specific knowledge of leg ulcers to advise on difficult cases .
the difficulties [met] in treating vasculitic ulcers were referred to by four nurses , and of the ‘ steroid skin ’ by a further two , while two recognised their failure to heal ulcers was due to patients ' unstable diabetes , and one called for a clinical specialist with specific knowledge of leg ulcers to advise on difficult cases .

The contrast with the Western civilization Japan encountered after the 1850s , imbued with the virtues of individualism and laissez faire , absolute moral values and the righteousness of an individual 's conduct in the eyes of God , seemed unbridgeable .
the contrast with the western civilization japan [met] after the 1850s , imbued with the virtues of individualism and laissez faire , absolute moral values and the righteousness of an individual 's conduct in the eyes of god , seemed unbridgeable .

But in Protestant England , even in Oxford under the chancellorship of Archbishop Laud , he encountered little resistance .
but in protestant england , even in oxford under the chancellorship of archbishop laud , he [met] little resistance .

With reference to the fate of the Copernican system , we have encountered many complications , even in a test case that , because of Galileo 's trial , might seem to have been loaded from the start .
with reference to the fate of the copernican system , we have [met] many complications , even in a test case that , because of galileo 's trial , might seem to have been loaded from the start .

John Wilkins , whom we encountered earlier , would illustrate this alternative correlation .
john wilkins , whom we [met] earlier , would illustrate this alternative correlation .

Conventional outdoor breeding herds have encountered a number of problems caused by extremes of temperature and excessive exposure to sunlight leading to heatstroke and sunburn .
conventional outdoor breeding herds have [met] a number of problems caused by extremes of temperature and excessive exposure to sunlight leading to heatstroke and sunburn .

Secondly , regarding the uniforms and insignia worn in the Gulf — readers will not be surprised to learn that a very wide variety is to be encountered , with many unit-level or even individual innovations .
secondly , regarding the uniforms and insignia worn in the gulf — readers will not be surprised to learn that a very wide variety is to be [met] , with many unit-level or even individual innovations .

Constant contact with other social groups , whether within or between identifiable political units , means that new ideas are being constantly encountered .
constant contact with other social groups , whether within or between identifiable political units , means that new ideas are being constantly [met] .

All of these aspects of the production of the text affect its meaning , both from the point of view of the author 's intention and of the most probable interpretation , even before we consider the wider social situations in which it may be encountered .
all of these aspects of the production of the text affect its meaning , both from the point of view of the author 's intention and of the most probable interpretation , even before we consider the wider social situations in which it may be [met] .

How was training obtained ? What strategies for reducing expressed emotion have been effective ? Have any difficulties been encountered in defining roles within multi-agency or multi-disciplinary teams ?
how was training obtained ? what strategies for reducing expressed emotion have been effective ? have any difficulties been [met] in defining roles within multi-agency or multi-disciplinary teams ?

When a local policeman told Sharon Rogers that , ‘ by the time you 're 16 you 're going to be pregnant , homeless and stuffed up with drugs ’ , she believed this summed up the attitudes of many of the police and social workers she encountered during her offending career .
when a local policeman told sharon rogers that , ‘ by the time you 're 16 you 're going to be pregnant , homeless and stuffed up with drugs ’ , she believed this summed up the attitudes of many of the police and social workers she [met] during her offending career .

With one exception all errors and problems encountered during either testing or use of the system will be subject to these procedures .
with one exception all errors and problems [met] during either testing or use of the system will be subject to these procedures .

Reporting of Problems Encountered During Use of the System
reporting of problems [met] during use of the system

In the case of problems encountered during use of the system by a user or a member of the Computer Group the following procedures applies . The person reporting the problem should :
in the case of problems [met] during use of the system by a user or a member of the computer group the following procedures applies . the person reporting the problem should :

In the case of problems encountered during system testing , the procedure to be followed varies according to the source of the error .
in the case of problems [met] during system testing , the procedure to be followed varies according to the source of the error .

The Test Manager for the sub-system which is being tested when the problem is encountered will be responsible for recording the problem .
the test manager for the sub-system which is being tested when the problem is [met] will be responsible for recording the problem .

This procedure describes the actions to be taken by the Test Manager for each problem encountered during system testing which appears to be caused by an error in a sub-system other than the sub-system being tested . The Test Manager should :
this procedure describes the actions to be taken by the test manager for each problem [met] during system testing which appears to be caused by an error in a sub-system other than the sub-system being tested . the test manager should :

The following procedure describes the actions to be taken by the Test Manager for each problem encountered during system testing of a sub-system which is caused by an error within that sub-system . The Test Manager should :
the following procedure describes the actions to be taken by the test manager for each problem [met] during system testing of a sub-system which is caused by an error within that sub-system . the test manager should :

the Test Manager will refer problems encountered during system testing of a sub-system which are caused by an error in another sub-system
the test manager will refer problems [met] during system testing of a sub-system which are caused by an error in another sub-system

For each problem encountered by a user , the user will complete a Problem Report Form and send this form , together with any supporting documentation to the Problem Administrator .
for each problem [met] by a user , the user will complete a problem report form and send this form , together with any supporting documentation to the problem administrator .

Infections requiring prolonged courses ( more than seven days , or in our opinion five days , not one to two weeks as the authors suggest ) are uncommon , are unlikely to be encountered by most clinicians , and require expert supervision .
infections requiring prolonged courses ( more than seven days , or in our opinion five days , not one to two weeks as the authors suggest ) are uncommon , are unlikely to be [met] by most clinicians , and require expert supervision .

The adverse consequences of such loose rein appointment procedures were not lost on one White House aide who served both Nixon and Reagan During the transition the Reagan forces took a number of steps designed to deal with the sort of problems over appointments that Nixon had encountered .
the adverse consequences of such loose rein appointment procedures were not lost on one white house aide who served both nixon and reagan during the transition the reagan forces took a number of steps designed to deal with the sort of problems over appointments that nixon had [met] .

Moreover , to ensure that ‘ worst case ’ situations are encountered , only measurements during peak periods of use will be taken .
moreover , to ensure that ‘ worst case ’ situations are [met] , only measurements during peak periods of use will be taken .

We now take some actual examples of mismatch encountered during trials of units and discuss the inferences that might be , and were , drawn from them .
we now take some actual examples of mismatch [met] during trials of units and discuss the inferences that might be , and were , drawn from them .

This unpredictability is encountered by the reader at the beginning , middle , and end of the poetic couplet .
this unpredictability is [met] by the reader at the beginning , middle , and end of the poetic couplet .

The most basic instruction is the move , which copies characters from a source field to a destination , until a character with the word mark bit set is encountered in one of the two fields .
the most basic instruction is the move , which copies characters from a source field to a destination , until a character with the word mark bit set is [met] in one of the two fields .

Characters have been copied from the first field to the second , until a word mark ( here in the source field ) is encountered .
characters have been copied from the first field to the second , until a word mark ( here in the source field ) is [met] .

This instruction does not affect the pattern of word marks in the destination field , but there are other instructions to set or clear the word mark bit in a designated character , to clear all word marks in a designated area , or to copy a source string and word mark to a designated area ( ignoring and clearing any word mark : bits in the destination field encountered in the process ) .
this instruction does not affect the pattern of word marks in the destination field , but there are other instructions to set or clear the word mark bit in a designated character , to clear all word marks in a designated area , or to copy a source string and word mark to a designated area ( ignoring and clearing any word mark : bits in the destination field [met] in the process ) .

The adult reader 's use of a repertoire of cognitive processes reflects the different occasions on which words are encountered , and the different kinds of words which exist in English orthography .
the adult reader 's use of a repertoire of cognitive processes reflects the different occasions on which words are [met] , and the different kinds of words which exist in english orthography .

An example may serve best at this stage to illustrate something of the range of problems often encountered by pupils when composing non-time-related texts .
an example may serve best at this stage to illustrate something of the range of problems often [met] by pupils when composing non-time-related texts .

Eight years were to pass before she encountered Dermot Corcoran again .
eight years were to pass before she [met] dermot corcoran again .

Opportunity should be taken to relate teaching to measurement of the kind encountered in other curricular areas such as science , geography , home economics , craft and sport .
opportunity should be taken to relate teaching to measurement of the kind [met] in other curricular areas such as science , geography , home economics , craft and sport .

Since the 1920 's Berlin has been a city encountered through images : Doblin , Pabst and Isherwood ; the diabolic glamour of Nazism ; Year Zero ; the Airlift ; John Kennedy and spies coming in from the cold ; the generation of `` 68 , the stylized desperation of the punk underground , and angels made corporeal .
since the 1920 's berlin has been a city [met] through images : doblin , pabst and isherwood ; the diabolic glamour of nazism ; year zero ; the airlift ; john kennedy and spies coming in from the cold ; the generation of `` 68 , the stylized desperation of the punk underground , and angels made corporeal .

However , this assumption does not take account of the substantial inter- and intra-embryo variation in developmental timing ( assessed with respect to morphological and/or cell cycle stage ) which is always encountered .
however , this assumption does not take account of the substantial inter- and intra-embryo variation in developmental timing ( assessed with respect to morphological and/or cell cycle stage ) which is always [met] .

You could offer mock interviews to pupils about to leave school , or a problem-solving activity based on a real life difficulty you have encountered at work .
you could offer mock interviews to pupils about to leave school , or a problem-solving activity based on a real life difficulty you have [met] at work .

She was told where her room was and on the stairs — there was no lift encountered a young woman in a black veil with a small pretty face peeping between the folds .
she was told where her room was and on the stairs — there was no lift [met] a young woman in a black veil with a small pretty face peeping between the folds .

The last time was for the three months before she encountered Jarvis in Fawley Road .
the last time was for the three months before she [met] jarvis in fawley road .

In the passage she encountered the man who always smelt of meat on the turn .
in the passage she [met] the man who always smelt of meat on the turn .

The trade unions were particularly effective at publicising the difficulties some private contractors encountered in fulfilling the contracts they had accepted ( Ascher 1987:224 ) .
the trade unions were particularly effective at publicising the difficulties some private contractors [met] in fulfilling the contracts they had accepted ( ascher 1987:224 ) .

Despite all the barriers and disadvantages encountered in the movement to a market economy , there is already an infrastructure in place for the future development of a music industry . So , briefly what does exist now ?
despite all the barriers and disadvantages [met] in the movement to a market economy , there is already an infrastructure in place for the future development of a music industry . so , briefly what does exist now ?

Later that afternoon the Joyces were the guests of a descendant of Prince von Bulow , whom they had encountered in London :
later that afternoon the joyces were the guests of a descendant of prince von bulow , whom they had [met] in london :

It did not reflect particular animus over Korea but more a feeling of frustration at the setbacks encountered by American policy in the Far East in the previous two years .
it did not reflect particular animus over korea but more a feeling of frustration at the setbacks [met] by american policy in the far east in the previous two years .

Bevin emphasised the accumulating problems resulting from the fact that little progress had been made : he had encountered difficulties at the British Commonwealth conference held at Colombo in January 1950 and there were criticisms of the United States for not having given a lead .
bevin emphasised the accumulating problems resulting from the fact that little progress had been made : he had [met] difficulties at the british commonwealth conference held at colombo in january 1950 and there were criticisms of the united states for not having given a lead .

We have already encountered Baden-Powell in his romantic — progressive mode of address , but before the First World War he was more usually to be found singing a different tune : Here he is again , sounding off to the Royal United Services Institute in 1911 , in a typical Edwardian Tory response to the Liberal government 's programme of welfare reforms :
we have already [met] baden-powell in his romantic — progressive mode of address , but before the first world war he was more usually to be found singing a different tune : here he is again , sounding off to the royal united services institute in 1911 , in a typical edwardian tory response to the liberal government 's programme of welfare reforms :

If the impression created by these furious responses was that garotting ( as in other instances of street violence that we have already encountered in other historical periods ) represented a novel departure in the national character , then elsewhere the garotting panic itself was taken as a sign of temperamental instability . Reynolds 's Newspaper viewed ‘ all the fuss and bother ’ as ‘ a mere club-house panic ’ , for example , while The Daily News repeatedly warned of the way in which ‘ a social panic naturally produces a great deal of wild excited talk ’ , believing that ‘ the enormous crop of exaggerated and fictitious stories ’ was ‘ furnishing food for farce writers and arrangers of pantomimes ’ :
if the impression created by these furious responses was that garotting ( as in other instances of street violence that we have already [met] in other historical periods ) represented a novel departure in the national character , then elsewhere the garotting panic itself was taken as a sign of temperamental instability . reynolds 's newspaper viewed ‘ all the fuss and bother ’ as ‘ a mere club-house panic ’ , for example , while the daily news repeatedly warned of the way in which ‘ a social panic naturally produces a great deal of wild excited talk ’ , believing that ‘ the enormous crop of exaggerated and fictitious stories ’ was ‘ furnishing food for farce writers and arrangers of pantomimes ’ :

While they made a deep impression upon French society in this age , it should not be forgotten that mercenaries constituted a phenomenon encountered elsewhere , in Spain , in Germany and , in particular , in the country dominated by merchant states , Italy .
while they made a deep impression upon french society in this age , it should not be forgotten that mercenaries constituted a phenomenon [met] elsewhere , in spain , in germany and , in particular , in the country dominated by merchant states , italy .

We had encountered suggestions , in Prieuré de Sion sources , that certain of its early members , and of their offshoot , the Knights Templar , had established contact with certain Essene/Zadokite/Nazarean sects still in existence during the time of the Crusades , more than a thousand years after Jesus 's era .
we had [met] suggestions , in prieuré de sion sources , that certain of its early members , and of their offshoot , the knights templar , had established contact with certain essene/zadokite/nazarean sects still in existence during the time of the crusades , more than a thousand years after jesus 's era .

Given the general distrust of authority amongst the user population and the problems encountered in obtaining treatment and successfully coming off in the community , there is obviously a need for a service which is seen by users to be impartial .
given the general distrust of authority amongst the user population and the problems [met] in obtaining treatment and successfully coming off in the community , there is obviously a need for a service which is seen by users to be impartial .

Even before the Convention procedures became available , there had been some discussion of the relationship between the procedural rules of the forum and hostile attitudes encountered in foreign practice .
even before the convention procedures became available , there had been some discussion of the relationship between the procedural rules of the forum and hostile attitudes [met] in foreign practice .

Action , and dangerous action , must be successfully encountered by heroes too young and inexperienced for such success to be guaranteed or even probable .
action , and dangerous action , must be successfully [met] by heroes too young and inexperienced for such success to be guaranteed or even probable .

The tests and hazards are different , and perhaps have yet to be encountered .
the tests and hazards are different , and perhaps have yet to be [met] .

They had encountered one setback while compiling the dossier .
they had [met] one setback while compiling the dossier .

In a study supported by the King 's Fund a further , larger , sample of general practitioners recorded the problems they encountered in arranging acute admissions to hospital .
in a study supported by the king 's fund a further , larger , sample of general practitioners recorded the problems they [met] in arranging acute admissions to hospital .

The little Cornish fishing village of Polperro is one of the many picturesque sights encountered on a trip along the southern coastline of the country .
the little cornish fishing village of polperro is one of the many picturesque sights [met] on a trip along the southern coastline of the country .

Make sure you choose tiles of flooring grade and , if water is likely to be encountered , such as in kitchen or bathroom , be sure to get matt , textured tiles .
make sure you choose tiles of flooring grade and , if water is likely to be [met] , such as in kitchen or bathroom , be sure to get matt , textured tiles .

Local authorities , moreover , had encountered difficulties in selecting children for these various benefits .
local authorities , moreover , had [met] difficulties in selecting children for these various benefits .

This concerns the challenge and rewards encountered by a Glaswegian probationary youth tackling the Aonach Eagach ridge as his first trip into the hills .
this concerns the challenge and rewards [met] by a glaswegian probationary youth tackling the aonach eagach ridge as his first trip into the hills .

It is not clear whether Lancaster 's men were in arms or not , but Mortimer regarded his absence as a sufficient threat to raise a force in the king 's name , and on the way back to London from Salisbury in the company of the king this force encountered Lancaster 's men near Winchester .
it is not clear whether lancaster 's men were in arms or not , but mortimer regarded his absence as a sufficient threat to raise a force in the king 's name , and on the way back to london from salisbury in the company of the king this force [met] lancaster 's men near winchester .

The difficulties the administration encountered in enforcing the collection of taxes made it impossible for it to maintain a flow of funds to the king in Flanders , and Edward was now suffering the severest financial embarrassment .
the difficulties the administration [met] in enforcing the collection of taxes made it impossible for it to maintain a flow of funds to the king in flanders , and edward was now suffering the severest financial embarrassment .

Despite all the obvious practical difficulties that Edward encountered in maintaining the siege , its abandonment after so short a time must raise questions about the extent of his commitment , even at this stage of the war , to the French throne .
despite all the obvious practical difficulties that edward [met] in maintaining the siege , its abandonment after so short a time must raise questions about the extent of his commitment , even at this stage of the war , to the french throne .

Although men who were retained for life by a great magnate had an obligation to serve him in peace and war , and although there is little evidence about how the sub-contractors recruited their troops , neither the magnate captains nor their sub-contractors seem to have encountered much difficulty in persuading men to serve .
although men who were retained for life by a great magnate had an obligation to serve him in peace and war , and although there is little evidence about how the sub-contractors recruited their troops , neither the magnate captains nor their sub-contractors seem to have [met] much difficulty in persuading men to serve .

In this new series each month a different artist will explain how they approach a particular aspect of landscape painting , and will offer advice on some of the most common problems encountered when tackling this subject matter
in this new series each month a different artist will explain how they approach a particular aspect of landscape painting , and will offer advice on some of the most common problems [met] when tackling this subject matter

Richard said : ‘ The fierce weather we encountered on the third leg has tested us to our very limits .
richard said : ‘ the fierce weather we [met] on the third leg has tested us to our very limits .

It will provide the tutor with the opportunity of dealing with points of difficulty encountered by students and elaborating on the subject-matter of the lesson .
it will provide the tutor with the opportunity of dealing with points of difficulty [met] by students and elaborating on the subject-matter of the lesson .

Many of the problems encountered were dealt with easily .
many of the problems [met] were dealt with easily .

At a joint one-day Wedgwood and Sotheby 's identification and valuation event at the Westfries Museum , in Hoorn , Lynn encountered many Dutch visitors who brought in a variety of heirlooms or pieces they had collected .
at a joint one-day wedgwood and sotheby 's identification and valuation event at the westfries museum , in hoorn , lynn [met] many dutch visitors who brought in a variety of heirlooms or pieces they had collected .

From the word go the eventual winners from Sligo/Mullingar knew that their task would not be easy when they encountered Dundalk .
from the word go the eventual winners from sligo/mullingar knew that their task would not be easy when they [met] dundalk .

The bad news is for members in Northern Ireland and Great Britain where , because of the continuing climate of increasing claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st May next .
the bad news is for members in northern ireland and great britain where , because of the continuing climate of increasing claims being [met] by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st may next .

Up to 75 per cent of bricks and mortar values on a foroed sales basis , or up to 60 per cent of the going concern business valuation , to include goodwill , fixtures fittings and stock are yardsticks that are frequently encountered .
up to 75 per cent of bricks and mortar values on a foroed sales basis , or up to 60 per cent of the going concern business valuation , to include goodwill , fixtures fittings and stock are yardsticks that are frequently [met] .

He believes that such delights will never be encountered except in his own sweet dream land , or wished-for world .
he believes that such delights will never be [met] except in his own sweet dream land , or wished-for world .

We were never meant to fall for Satan but despite the poet 's efforts to make sure we do n't , we can not forget the magnificent figure encountered in the first two books .
we were never meant to fall for satan but despite the poet 's efforts to make sure we do n't , we can not forget the magnificent figure [met] in the first two books .

In the past great difficulty was encountered in persuading chimpanzees raised in zoos to mate successfully .
in the past great difficulty was [met] in persuading chimpanzees raised in zoos to mate successfully .

We have already encountered an archetypal example of this in the Neolithic mother-goddess cult , and it may be that today , over-indulged children , not fully weaned because of permissive fashions in modern childrearing , and encouraged throughout their childhood and adolescence to remain dependent on parents who have been afraid to deny them anything , experience a similar hankering after the unobtainable but mouth-watering mother-as-breast .
we have already [met] an archetypal example of this in the neolithic mother-goddess cult , and it may be that today , over-indulged children , not fully weaned because of permissive fashions in modern childrearing , and encouraged throughout their childhood and adolescence to remain dependent on parents who have been afraid to deny them anything , experience a similar hankering after the unobtainable but mouth-watering mother-as-breast .

As such , it is a primitive defence mechanism often encountered in young children and , as we have seen , is the basis of projection , a self-evidently defensive measure .
as such , it is a primitive defence mechanism often [met] in young children and , as we have seen , is the basis of projection , a self-evidently defensive measure .

Retracing her steps , she encountered one of the paper 's rare female employees , who offered to show her the way to the library .
retracing her steps , she [met] one of the paper 's rare female employees , who offered to show her the way to the library .

It was not a design she had encountered before .
it was not a design she had [met] before .

The duration of the procedure depended on difficulties encountered during puncturing and dilatating , the stone load and the experience of the operators .
the duration of the procedure depended on difficulties [met] during puncturing and dilatating , the stone load and the experience of the operators .

Non-hydrogen producers were not encountered in this study , since all volunteers excreted 20 ppm of breath hydrogen in at least one of the experiments after eating the breakfast marked with lactulose .
non-hydrogen producers were not [met] in this study , since all volunteers excreted 20 ppm of breath hydrogen in at least one of the experiments after eating the breakfast marked with lactulose .

An alternative explanation for the more favourable results at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is that the type of stricture encountered by the two techniques is different , percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography being preferred when imaging suggests a high stricture and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography when it is low .
an alternative explanation for the more favourable results at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is that the type of stricture [met] by the two techniques is different , percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography being preferred when imaging suggests a high stricture and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography when it is low .

Problems may also be encountered in those treated by repeated sclerotherapy , which may have caused severe inflammatory change and thickening around the lower oesophagus and upper stomach .
problems may also be [met] in those treated by repeated sclerotherapy , which may have caused severe inflammatory change and thickening around the lower oesophagus and upper stomach .

In three cases technical difficulties were encountered at the time of surgery and the procedure was acknowledged to have been inadequate in terms of gastric devascularisation .
in three cases technical difficulties were [met] at the time of surgery and the procedure was acknowledged to have been inadequate in terms of gastric devascularisation .

Although in three cases it was recognised that the operation was technically unsatisfactory and early rebleeding was encountered in each case , in the rest there appeared to be no obvious explanation for these surgical failures .
although in three cases it was recognised that the operation was technically unsatisfactory and early rebleeding was [met] in each case , in the rest there appeared to be no obvious explanation for these surgical failures .

The Venetian author of the Italian Relation of England commented specifically on the English sense of national pride , and presumably was thinking of attitudes which he encountered generally and not merely the point of view of the more literate : ' … the English are great lovers of themselves and everything belonging to them ; they think that there are no other men than themselves , and no other world but England ; and whenever they see a handsome foreigner , they say ‘ he looks like an Englishman ’ ' ( 35 , pp.20–1 ) .
the venetian author of the italian relation of england commented specifically on the english sense of national pride , and presumably was thinking of attitudes which he [met] generally and not merely the point of view of the more literate : ' … the english are great lovers of themselves and everything belonging to them ; they think that there are no other men than themselves , and no other world but england ; and whenever they see a handsome foreigner , they say ‘ he looks like an englishman ’ ' ( 35 , pp.20–1 ) .

Thus , the commonly encountered cardiovascular diseases have , as their immediate underlying aetiology , thrombosis of critically sited blood vessels with loss of blood flow to vital organs .
thus , the commonly [met] cardiovascular diseases have , as their immediate underlying aetiology , thrombosis of critically sited blood vessels with loss of blood flow to vital organs .

The grouping of urogenital and anorectal dysfunction under the term ‘ pelvic-floor disorders ’ is beneficial since the two are commonly encountered together in clinical practice .
the grouping of urogenital and anorectal dysfunction under the term ‘ pelvic-floor disorders ’ is beneficial since the two are commonly [met] together in clinical practice .

Answer guide : This question has been designed to illustrate the business entity principle , the fact that a balance sheet represents a snapshot at one point in time and some of the difficulties encountered in deciding what should be included in a balance sheet .
answer guide : this question has been designed to illustrate the business entity principle , the fact that a balance sheet represents a snapshot at one point in time and some of the difficulties [met] in deciding what should be included in a balance sheet .

Obviously some of the above are debatable and such debate should be encouraged as it provides the student with — problems encountered in reality .
obviously some of the above are debatable and such debate should be encouraged as it provides the student with — problems [met] in reality .

Another major area of risk with an offline storage system is encountered during the actual transfer .
another major area of risk with an offline storage system is [met] during the actual transfer .

Difficulties Encountered During Offline Process
difficulties [met] during offline process

the total number of emanating relationships encountered ( when a Full Listing is specified ) .
the total number of emanating relationships [met] ( when a full listing is specified ) .

the total number of using relationships encountered ( when a Full Listing is specified ) .
the total number of using relationships [met] ( when a full listing is specified ) .

is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to view the module 's details .
is a return parameter providing a report of the errors [met] during the attempt to view the module 's details .

is a return parameter providing a report of the errors encountered during the attempt to update the module 's details .
is a return parameter providing a report of the errors [met] during the attempt to update the module 's details .

After viewing this information , if no errors have been encountered on the previous page , you will be given the opportunity to prepare the package for approval .
after viewing this information , if no errors have been [met] on the previous page , you will be given the opportunity to prepare the package for approval .

Errors which are frequently encountered at this stage arise because :
errors which are frequently [met] at this stage arise because :

If by any chance , you have still not encountered the fax machine , then its basic function is easily described : the fax transceiver plugs into a standard telephone socket , scans the document fed into it and then transmits the result electronically to a similar machine at the other end of the line where a facsimile document is printed out .
if by any chance , you have still not [met] the fax machine , then its basic function is easily described : the fax transceiver plugs into a standard telephone socket , scans the document fed into it and then transmits the result electronically to a similar machine at the other end of the line where a facsimile document is printed out .

He opened the Salzburg music festival , but encountered a protest demonstration when he had a controversial meeting with Kurt Waldheim , the Austrian President .
he opened the salzburg music festival , but [met] a protest demonstration when he had a controversial meeting with kurt waldheim , the austrian president .

Hilali 's replacement was believed to be related to problems encountered in the organization of a new national examination system .
hilali 's replacement was believed to be related to problems [met] in the organization of a new national examination system .

Upon reaching the Bundesrat the legislation encountered further problems and no less than 254 amendments were tabled .
upon reaching the bundesrat the legislation [met] further problems and no less than 254 amendments were tabled .

Introduced in January 1989 , one year ahead of schedule , it had encountered resistance from financial institutions and criticism from the Bundesbank , the federal bank .
introduced in january 1989 , one year ahead of schedule , it had [met] resistance from financial institutions and criticism from the bundesbank , the federal bank .

In municipal elections on March 21 , 1990 , both ruling parties encountered reverses .
in municipal elections on march 21 , 1990 , both ruling parties [met] reverses .

By February 1990 almost one-third of the 344,263 ethnic Turks who had fled in 1989 had returned to Bulgaria because of the unemployment and other economic hardship they had encountered in Turkey , and latterly because of the repudiation in Bulgaria of Zhivkov 's assimilation policies .
by february 1990 almost one-third of the 344,263 ethnic turks who had fled in 1989 had returned to bulgaria because of the unemployment and other economic hardship they had [met] in turkey , and latterly because of the repudiation in bulgaria of zhivkov 's assimilation policies .

Morton had been strongly critical of the construction companies because of the cost overruns being encountered : originally costed in 1987 at £4,870 million , the probable total was estimated in February 1990 at £7,200 million .
morton had been strongly critical of the construction companies because of the cost overruns being [met] : originally costed in 1987 at £4,870 million , the probable total was estimated in february 1990 at £7,200 million .

Just as children are very familiar with drama itself through the dramatic fictions that they see enacted on television and on film , so too they have encountered the idea of still images in other contexts : their own family snapshots , freeze frame on the video recorder , sculptures , waxworks and comic strips .
just as children are very familiar with drama itself through the dramatic fictions that they see enacted on television and on film , so too they have [met] the idea of still images in other contexts : their own family snapshots , freeze frame on the video recorder , sculptures , waxworks and comic strips .

According to Fredegar , Merovech was conceived when Chlodio 's wife went swimming , and encountered a Quinotaur .
according to fredegar , merovech was conceived when chlodio 's wife went swimming , and [met] a quinotaur .

He encountered the Visigoths at the campus Vogladensis , usually identified as Vouillé , but more probably Voulon , near Poitiers .
he [met] the visigoths at the campus vogladensis , usually identified as vouillé , but more probably voulon , near poitiers .

On his six-week tour of the provinces in August and September 1858 , the tsar encountered a spectrum of opinions which ranged from Tver `` on the left , where Unkovskii was at least as radical as Nikolai Miliutin , to Nizhnii Novgorod on the right , where the local gentry wanted serfs to pay not only for any property which they received in the event of emancipation , but even for the freedom of their bodies ( which the gentry did not own ) .
on his six-week tour of the provinces in august and september 1858 , the tsar [met] a spectrum of opinions which ranged from tver `` on the left , where unkovskii was at least as radical as nikolai miliutin , to nizhnii novgorod on the right , where the local gentry wanted serfs to pay not only for any property which they received in the event of emancipation , but even for the freedom of their bodies ( which the gentry did not own ) .

The Christian Bible with its progression from a wholly imaginary Garden of Eden to an authentically historical Roman Empire by way of a geographically very mixed up Land of Egypt and Land of Canaan is prototypical of a species of origin saga which can be encountered in all parts of the world among all kinds of people .
the christian bible with its progression from a wholly imaginary garden of eden to an authentically historical roman empire by way of a geographically very mixed up land of egypt and land of canaan is prototypical of a species of origin saga which can be [met] in all parts of the world among all kinds of people .

The latest micro-chip technology has , at its heart , the simplest principle of all , the flip/flop , open/shut , give/take , reciprocity which , in one form or another , is encountered in all kinds of societies in all kinds of contexts everywhere .
the latest micro-chip technology has , at its heart , the simplest principle of all , the flip/flop , open/shut , give/take , reciprocity which , in one form or another , is [met] in all kinds of societies in all kinds of contexts everywhere .

Most of the trading arrangements which are encountered in modern industrial societies follow this pattern .
most of the trading arrangements which are [met] in modern industrial societies follow this pattern .

illusion that relationships in this kind of system are quite different in kind from those which are encountered in more `` elementary `` systems .
illusion that relationships in this kind of system are quite different in kind from those which are [met] in more `` elementary `` systems .

But , in the exchanges which are encountered by field-working anthropologists , the variety is far greater .
but , in the exchanges which are [met] by field-working anthropologists , the variety is far greater .

In a formal sense a Nayar taravad was the matrilineal equivalent of the patrilineal joint family homestead that is to be encountered in many parts of rural India but with the peculiarity that the incoming spouses ( i.e. , the " husbands " of the locally domiciled women ) had no legal standing .
in a formal sense a nayar taravad was the matrilineal equivalent of the patrilineal joint family homestead that is to be [met] in many parts of rural india but with the peculiarity that the incoming spouses ( i.e. , the " husbands " of the locally domiciled women ) had no legal standing .

The complementary contrast is provided by a detail from my own fieldwork experience in North Central Sri Lanka where , despite the absence of any form of lineage organization , much of the ideology concerning marriage is very similar to that encountered in Kerala .
the complementary contrast is provided by a detail from my own fieldwork experience in north central sri lanka where , despite the absence of any form of lineage organization , much of the ideology concerning marriage is very similar to that [met] in kerala .

The chapter is presented in the order in which the activities involved in selling a company will normally be encountered .
the chapter is presented in the order in which the activities involved in selling a company will normally be [met] .

It does not take long for the difficulties encountered in finding a buyer at the contingent price during earlier disposals to be forgotten .
it does not take long for the difficulties [met] in finding a buyer at the contingent price during earlier disposals to be forgotten .

If the transaction involves cross border parties some reluctance may be encountered to the proposed signing of a heads of agreement as in some countries such agreements are seen to be morally binding .
if the transaction involves cross border parties some reluctance may be [met] to the proposed signing of a heads of agreement as in some countries such agreements are seen to be morally binding .

When your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , etc .
when your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems [met] during the process , etc .

Tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .
tropical diseases are [met] not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .

This Atlas provides a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases encountered in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .
this atlas provides a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases [met] in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .

Tropical diseases are encountered not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .
tropical diseases are [met] not only in countries of the developing world , but on an increasing scale also in the more affluent parts of the world due to an exponential increase in travel during the past decades .

This Atlas provides a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases encountered in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .
this atlas provides a complete overview of the clinical aspects , pathology , parasitology and ecology of all the diseases [met] in the warmer climates , as well as the parasitic diseases of temperate regions .

The space between the fly sheet and inner dome also plays a major part in eradicating condensation , a problem which we have all encountered from time to time .
the space between the fly sheet and inner dome also plays a major part in eradicating condensation , a problem which we have all [met] from time to time .

As one remarked at the time , those who were wondering what women 's golf was coming to were relieved to learn that the culprits were a King Charles spaniel and a mongrel she had encountered during the course of the early morning post round she does on the outskirts of Durham .
as one remarked at the time , those who were wondering what women 's golf was coming to were relieved to learn that the culprits were a king charles spaniel and a mongrel she had [met] during the course of the early morning post round she does on the outskirts of durham .

Yet policy makers , planners and local government officials have a limited grasp of the historical development of nineteenth century cities and the project attempts to investigate the principal factors which governed that process , the problems it highlighted and the pitfalls which have been encountered and which need not be reproduced in the twentieth century given an awareness of a historical dimension .
yet policy makers , planners and local government officials have a limited grasp of the historical development of nineteenth century cities and the project attempts to investigate the principal factors which governed that process , the problems it highlighted and the pitfalls which have been [met] and which need not be reproduced in the twentieth century given an awareness of a historical dimension .

Since many new firms fail in these early years , it is important , therefore , to explore the problems encountered .
since many new firms fail in these early years , it is important , therefore , to explore the problems [met] .

the issues and problems encountered in the implementation of systems of accountable management ,
the issues and problems [met] in the implementation of systems of accountable management ,

The research agenda encompasses the challenge posed by public management-type reforms to established modes of policy planning and administrative evaluation in French government , and the difficulties encountered in bringing about new administrative values and behaviour in a country where public administration is regulated by administrative law norms that privilege the State in its dealings with citizens .
the research agenda encompasses the challenge posed by public management-type reforms to established modes of policy planning and administrative evaluation in french government , and the difficulties [met] in bringing about new administrative values and behaviour in a country where public administration is regulated by administrative law norms that privilege the state in its dealings with citizens .

The problems which are likely to be encountered in attempting to mesh such divergent data are both technical and philosophical .
the problems which are likely to be [met] in attempting to mesh such divergent data are both technical and philosophical .

Rose finished with four wickets for eight runs from nine overs , the only resistance encountered by Instonians , lively and athletic in the field , being a seventh wicket stand between left handed Alan Corcoran , the Railway Union captain , and Dave Varian .
rose finished with four wickets for eight runs from nine overs , the only resistance [met] by instonians , lively and athletic in the field , being a seventh wicket stand between left handed alan corcoran , the railway union captain , and dave varian .

The witness said that these types of items had been encountered previously in improvised explosive devices and could be used in letter or parcel bombs .
the witness said that these types of items had been [met] previously in improvised explosive devices and could be used in letter or parcel bombs .

What pleased him , he told me , was that he had made a slow but gradual improvement in his times over the three-day session and Joe Millar , his backer , was also delighted at the methodical , no-nonsense way in which Jeremy was approaching any problem he encountered .
what pleased him , he told me , was that he had made a slow but gradual improvement in his times over the three-day session and joe millar , his backer , was also delighted at the methodical , no-nonsense way in which jeremy was approaching any problem he [met] .

The term ‘ Staff contact ’ is used to refer to the information resource represented by the telephonist/receptionist ; the constabulary ; and the garden staff encountered by the public in the gardens .
the term ‘ staff contact ’ is used to refer to the information resource represented by the telephonist/receptionist ; the constabulary ; and the garden staff [met] by the public in the gardens .

One has only to stand back and survey the scope of changes and the timescales involved to appreciate the problems encountered by senior management . In a rapidly changing business , how can crucial decisions on manpower be taken with the necessary speed and on a basis of fact ?
one has only to stand back and survey the scope of changes and the timescales involved to appreciate the problems [met] by senior management . in a rapidly changing business , how can crucial decisions on manpower be taken with the necessary speed and on a basis of fact ?

And should Mr Moon ever be encountered by chance in his wife 's company then he could not be acknowledged either , other than by a glance of mild regret when no one was looking .
and should mr moon ever be [met] by chance in his wife 's company then he could not be acknowledged either , other than by a glance of mild regret when no one was looking .

Here , when the Mathematical School was being rebuilt in 1894 , part of a semi-circular tower of supposed Roman build was encountered beneath the medieval tower .
here , when the mathematical school was being rebuilt in 1894 , part of a semi-circular tower of supposed roman build was [met] beneath the medieval tower .

Massive masonry was also encountered when the railway bridge was constructed further north still of the modern road bridge .
massive masonry was also [met] when the railway bridge was constructed further north still of the modern road bridge .

Up to 12 superimposed cobble and gravel surfaces were encountered , and it was suggested by the excavators that the area was an open market .
up to 12 superimposed cobble and gravel surfaces were [met] , and it was suggested by the excavators that the area was an open market .

It was also concerned about the problems of financing small businesses — in particular , the difficulties encountered by very small firms in obtaining venture capital , where the risk element is different in kind from large-scale high-risk industrial financing .
it was also concerned about the problems of financing small businesses — in particular , the difficulties [met] by very small firms in obtaining venture capital , where the risk element is different in kind from large-scale high-risk industrial financing .

The most contemporary poet he had until then encountered was Siegfried Sassoon .
the most contemporary poet he had until then [met] was siegfried sassoon .

The politics she had encountered had been trades councils and Young Socialist meetings ; the Americans wore beads , mumbled , talked about direct action .
the politics she had [met] had been trades councils and young socialist meetings ; the americans wore beads , mumbled , talked about direct action .

The emotion we encountered , among citizens at every level , from villagers to government officials , was fear .
the emotion we [met] , among citizens at every level , from villagers to government officials , was fear .

We encountered some problem lining up screw holes in the harddisk with holes in the mounting frame and settled for two fixings instead of the recommended three .
we [met] some problem lining up screw holes in the harddisk with holes in the mounting frame and settled for two fixings instead of the recommended three .

Our initial impressions of Utopia are very positive , so much so that we 're going to install the application to log all the Windows related problems , hints , tips and fixes encountered via this column .
our initial impressions of utopia are very positive , so much so that we 're going to install the application to log all the windows related problems , hints , tips and fixes [met] via this column .

The idea is that when an instruction that is meant for a coprocessor is encountered , the coprocessor handles it leaving the main processor to carry on with other jobs .
the idea is that when an instruction that is meant for a coprocessor is [met] , the coprocessor handles it leaving the main processor to carry on with other jobs .

‘ We are looking for members of the Asian community who can provide memories of when they first came into the area , how they got employment , how the locals opened up to them , their first impressions of Britain and the problems of racism they may have encountered . ’
‘ we are looking for members of the asian community who can provide memories of when they first came into the area , how they got employment , how the locals opened up to them , their first impressions of britain and the problems of racism they may have [met] . ’

She 'd encountered any number of stars who thought themselves special simply because of their fame , but this one was clearly the king of them all .
she 'd [met] any number of stars who thought themselves special simply because of their fame , but this one was clearly the king of them all .

It was some minutes later when her glance encountered Rourke , engrossed in conversation .
it was some minutes later when her glance [met] rourke , engrossed in conversation .

At least , she decided approvingly , dressed now in sharply creased fawn trousers and dark brown casual shirt in fine wool beneath a soft leather jacket , he appeared less of the savage she 'd encountered earlier in the day !
at least , she decided approvingly , dressed now in sharply creased fawn trousers and dark brown casual shirt in fine wool beneath a soft leather jacket , he appeared less of the savage she 'd [met] earlier in the day !

The mental barriers encountered regarding suspension are similar to those found even today about the need for embalming .
the mental barriers [met] regarding suspension are similar to those found even today about the need for embalming .

It was on that second voyage he encountered the Odonata .
it was on that second voyage he [met] the odonata .

Furthermore , the atomic environment encountered by oxygen in different mantle minerals and melts is similar .
furthermore , the atomic environment [met] by oxygen in different mantle minerals and melts is similar .

Solvent-polymer compatibility problems are repeatedly encountered in industry .
solvent-polymer compatibility problems are repeatedly [met] in industry .

In the amorphous state the distribution of polymer chains in the matrix is completely random , with none of the strictures imposed by the ordering encountered in the crystallites of partially crystalline polymers .
in the amorphous state the distribution of polymer chains in the matrix is completely random , with none of the strictures imposed by the ordering [met] in the crystallites of partially crystalline polymers .

The method can cover the complete range of moduli encountered in polymeric systems but is confined to a relatively narrow frequency range of 0.01 to 10 Hz .
the method can cover the complete range of moduli [met] in polymeric systems but is confined to a relatively narrow frequency range of 0.01 to 10 hz .

Outline the difficulties that might be encountered when relating Landsat imagery to conventional maps . What are the main factors producing geometric distortion in Landsat images ?
outline the difficulties that might be [met] when relating landsat imagery to conventional maps . what are the main factors producing geometric distortion in landsat images ?

Against the advice of their hosts , they ventured into regions of mountain and marsh that occasioned difficulties never encountered in the well-drained chalklands of the Pays de Caux , and returned with an altered view of the country in whose service they had placed themselves .
against the advice of their hosts , they ventured into regions of mountain and marsh that occasioned difficulties never [met] in the well-drained chalklands of the pays de caux , and returned with an altered view of the country in whose service they had placed themselves .

There were other extraordinary , dramatic examples of transmutation that Darwin encountered on his voyage and overlooked , quite apart from those found in the Galapagos .
there were other extraordinary , dramatic examples of transmutation that darwin [met] on his voyage and overlooked , quite apart from those found in the galapagos .

In turn , many of the Aborigines Gould encountered , and especially those who accompanied him as guides on his collecting expeditions , grew to admire him and to recognise a kindred spirit in the eccentric and enthusiastic white man .
in turn , many of the aborigines gould [met] , and especially those who accompanied him as guides on his collecting expeditions , grew to admire him and to recognise a kindred spirit in the eccentric and enthusiastic white man .

The first memorable and momentous occasion for the ornithologist occurred as he strolled beside the river at sunrise and caught sight of a ‘ new and beautiful pigeon ’ , a bird never before encountered by any of the natives he questioned or any of the stockmen at the out-stations .
the first memorable and momentous occasion for the ornithologist occurred as he strolled beside the river at sunrise and caught sight of a ‘ new and beautiful pigeon ’ , a bird never before [met] by any of the natives he questioned or any of the stockmen at the out-stations .

The Imam was also reported to have encountered disagreement from other ayatollahs — from Taleghani and Shariat-Madari ( both of whom have since died ) , the latter being accused of involvement in an attempted coup .
the imam was also reported to have [met] disagreement from other ayatollahs — from taleghani and shariat-madari ( both of whom have since died ) , the latter being accused of involvement in an attempted coup .

Irony was not frequently encountered in the literature on the Iran-Iraq conflict .
irony was not frequently [met] in the literature on the iran-iraq conflict .

The only problem encountered was finding a volunteer to be the fairy !
the only problem [met] was finding a volunteer to be the fairy !

In the remainder of the region now comprising East and West Germany Gothic development took a different form from that encountered in France , England and Belgium .
in the remainder of the region now comprising east and west germany gothic development took a different form from that [met] in france , england and belgium .

When travelling , the intensity with which foreign cultures are encountered inspires a need to understand .
when travelling , the intensity with which foreign cultures are [met] inspires a need to understand .

Note that we have not yet encountered a specifically ‘ urban ’ explanation of social change .
note that we have not yet [met] a specifically ‘ urban ’ explanation of social change .

In reviewing the literature in both these areas we have encountered a recurring theme .
in reviewing the literature in both these areas we have [met] a recurring theme .

Even more important than encounters with the city 's products , are conversations with the people who have encountered this better life .
even more important than encounters with the city 's products , are conversations with the people who have [met] this better life .

Maggie 's feet seemed to be on fire with each stone she encountered .
maggie 's feet seemed to be on fire with each stone she [met] .

They went out through a gate in the walled garden , and encountered Hector almost at once .
they went out through a gate in the walled garden , and [met] hector almost at once .

‘ 'Men make their own history , ’ to quote the master , ‘ but they do not make it under circumstances chosen by themselves , but under circumstances directly encountered , given and transmitted from the past .
‘ 'men make their own history , ’ to quote the master , ‘ but they do not make it under circumstances chosen by themselves , but under circumstances directly [met] , given and transmitted from the past .

Not many problems have been encountered , but if the whiteout point is too high it is possible , though unusual , for the maximum gradient of the radius vector to occur in the flood region and the value delivered for the LB-level can then be higher that the UB-level .
not many problems have been [met] , but if the whiteout point is too high it is possible , though unusual , for the maximum gradient of the radius vector to occur in the flood region and the value delivered for the lb-level can then be higher that the ub-level .

No problems have been encountered .
no problems have been [met] .

His eyes encountered hers , and smiled in pleasure and gratitude ; hers smiled , too , but mutely , making no marked acknowledgement .
his eyes [met] hers , and smiled in pleasure and gratitude ; hers smiled , too , but mutely , making no marked acknowledgement .

Further problems were encountered with the lexicon supplied with the second version .
further problems were [met] with the lexicon supplied with the second version .

The parser works its way along the text string word by word and modifies the list of possible ( partial ) parses by incorporating each word as it is encountered .
the parser works its way along the text string word by word and modifies the list of possible ( partial ) parses by incorporating each word as it is [met] .

The difficulties encountered by workers taking the generative approach has led to the search for alternative techniques .
the difficulties [met] by workers taking the generative approach has led to the search for alternative techniques .

’ Enormously impressed by this friendly , helpful girl , who did n't seem in the least like most receptionists she encountered , Ellie slid back the registration card , accepted her plastic key , gave one of her funny little smiles , and decided that before going up to her room she 'd better try and find Donal .
’ enormously impressed by this friendly , helpful girl , who did n't seem in the least like most receptionists she [met] , ellie slid back the registration card , accepted her plastic key , gave one of her funny little smiles , and decided that before going up to her room she 'd better try and find donal .

They seemed to be paralysed as they encountered the hard wall of his chest , and his lips covered hers and met no resistance at all .
they seemed to be paralysed as they [met] the hard wall of his chest , and his lips covered hers and met no resistance at all .

In all her short life Sally-Anne had never before encountered the squalor which she had seen in the few days since she had arrived in these poor streets in the hinterland between London Docks and Stepney .
in all her short life sally-anne had never before [met] the squalor which she had seen in the few days since she had arrived in these poor streets in the hinterland between london docks and stepney .

‘ Well , that 's certainly something , ’ said Miss Mates , overwhelmed by such artless eagerness , so foreign to any maid of all work she had encountered before .
‘ well , that 's certainly something , ’ said miss mates , overwhelmed by such artless eagerness , so foreign to any maid of all work she had [met] before .

Her sturdy common sense , the downright attitude to life which never ceased to surprise him , the constant loving references to a papa and a mama who sounded remarkably practical themselves , even if they had spoiled their beautiful daughter , informed him that she came from a background very unlike any that Dr Neil had ever encountered .
her sturdy common sense , the downright attitude to life which never ceased to surprise him , the constant loving references to a papa and a mama who sounded remarkably practical themselves , even if they had spoiled their beautiful daughter , informed him that she came from a background very unlike any that dr neil had ever [met] .

Dr Walter Yellowlees has spent much of his life working in the Scottish county of Perthshire , where he has daily encountered diseases related to poor nutrition such as diabetes , coronary heart disease , high blood pressure and above all cancer .
dr walter yellowlees has spent much of his life working in the scottish county of perthshire , where he has daily [met] diseases related to poor nutrition such as diabetes , coronary heart disease , high blood pressure and above all cancer .

Carol cast him a Cassandra-like look and asked Subhadra what problems they had encountered .
carol cast him a cassandra-like look and asked subhadra what problems they had [met] .

Despite the severe engineering problems encountered in building the line , which are still very evident today , the line prospered into the first quarter of the 20th century .
despite the severe engineering problems [met] in building the line , which are still very evident today , the line prospered into the first quarter of the 20th century .

It was because the Callaghan Government ran out of money to spend on the water industry and the big utilities that they encountered such problems .
it was because the callaghan government ran out of money to spend on the water industry and the big utilities that they [met] such problems .

The moment she encountered him again the old hostility would erupt and this feeling of awareness would vanish .
the moment she [met] him again the old hostility would erupt and this feeling of awareness would vanish .

Instead of the quiet moorings , the long line of permanent houseboats , her startled gaze encountered a very high , very wet and slimy brick wall .
instead of the quiet moorings , the long line of permanent houseboats , her startled gaze [met] a very high , very wet and slimy brick wall .

Robbie shivered suddenly , almost as if she had encountered the aura of one of these sad ghosts .
robbie shivered suddenly , almost as if she had [met] the aura of one of these sad ghosts .

In large numbers of writers ( many now seldom encountered ) we confront replications of designs , language , and generic adoptions which recall Spenser .
in large numbers of writers ( many now seldom [met] ) we confront replications of designs , language , and generic adoptions which recall spenser .

This is not , of course , to imply Spenser is some form of original fountainhead of these echoes and similarities many of which are encountered throughout Renaissance culture .
this is not , of course , to imply spenser is some form of original fountainhead of these echoes and similarities many of which are [met] throughout renaissance culture .

’ His eyes , pale and hostile , encountered Emmie 's .
’ his eyes , pale and hostile , [met] emmie 's .

The complexity of the problems encountered in a particular task , project or strategy is a function of the variables involved — their number , their clarity or ambiguity , the rate at which they change , and , overall the extent to which they are distinct or tangled .
the complexity of the problems [met] in a particular task , project or strategy is a function of the variables involved — their number , their clarity or ambiguity , the rate at which they change , and , overall the extent to which they are distinct or tangled .

The final experiments involve remembering when or where familiar people were last encountered and asks how new information about those people is integrated with pre-existing knowledge of them .
the final experiments involve remembering when or where familiar people were last [met] and asks how new information about those people is integrated with pre-existing knowledge of them .

She was n't supposed to have this kind of tremulous reaction to a soldier encountered so casually .
she was n't supposed to have this kind of tremulous reaction to a soldier [met] so casually .

Isabel did n't even notice her wet feet as she encountered the pools of water left by the rain .
isabel did n't even notice her wet feet as she [met] the pools of water left by the rain .

Listening carefully for any sound that might indicate fitzAlan 's presence , she stretched out a cautious foot , ready to withdraw it immediately if she encountered so much as a hint of him .
listening carefully for any sound that might indicate fitzalan 's presence , she stretched out a cautious foot , ready to withdraw it immediately if she [met] so much as a hint of him .

Within main classes , the schedules must meet requirements in respect of their ability to cover all subjects and all the relationships that might be encountered in the literature to which the scheme will be applied .
within main classes , the schedules must meet requirements in respect of their ability to cover all subjects and all the relationships that might be [met] in the literature to which the scheme will be applied .

There must be a clear place for every complex subject likely to be encountered in the literature .
there must be a clear place for every complex subject likely to be [met] in the literature .

Although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the Greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . The problems that are encountered with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :
although the enumerative approach to the design of a classification scheme can be traced to the greeks , long experience has shown that enumerative classification schemes are relatively inflexible and , whilst providing a working subject order , do not always adequately allow for all subjects . the problems that are [met] with enumerative classification schemes can be identified as follows :

The scheme lists simple or single concepts which have to be combined in order to accommodate complex subjects as they are encountered in documents .
the scheme lists simple or single concepts which have to be combined in order to accommodate complex subjects as they are [met] in documents .

Other symbols are encountered in the notation of classification schemes , and although on occasions it may be an advantage to include symbols whose filing position is not predefined , these symbols always detract from automatic ordering .
other symbols are [met] in the notation of classification schemes , and although on occasions it may be an advantage to include symbols whose filing position is not predefined , these symbols always detract from automatic ordering .

schemes restricted to an association of topics such as might be encountered in local collections in an industrial library or an archive .
schemes restricted to an association of topics such as might be [met] in local collections in an industrial library or an archive .

Natural language indexing has its own solutions , but even in this context , the same problems are encountered ; this aspect is discussed further in Chapter 16 .
natural language indexing has its own solutions , but even in this context , the same problems are [met] ; this aspect is discussed further in chapter 16 .

Other abbreviations are encountered in some thesauri .
other abbreviations are [met] in some thesauri .

We should note , in the first place , how very slow the advance of democracy has been , and how many hindrances and setbacks it has encountered .
we should note , in the first place , how very slow the advance of democracy has been , and how many hindrances and setbacks it has [met] .

He sat in shamefaced silence while Paul Lexington explained to the company what was going to be done and was still silent , but attentive , while Wallas Ward , who had encountered the deaf-aid on a previous production , demonstrated the apparatus .
he sat in shamefaced silence while paul lexington explained to the company what was going to be done and was still silent , but attentive , while wallas ward , who had [met] the deaf-aid on a previous production , demonstrated the apparatus .

As she pushed her cold hands into the pockets , her fingers encountered the stiff crackle of paper and her resolve not to give in nearly broke .
as she pushed her cold hands into the pockets , her fingers [met] the stiff crackle of paper and her resolve not to give in nearly broke .

One situation commonly encountered involves a molecule with two conformers , which are easily interconverted , with one marginally more stable than the other .
one situation commonly [met] involves a molecule with two conformers , which are easily interconverted , with one marginally more stable than the other .

The size of the smaller axes encountered , i.e .
the size of the smaller axes [met] , i.e .

intermediate axes of the grains encountered at grid intersections as in point-counting , should be determined .
intermediate axes of the grains [met] at grid intersections as in point-counting , should be determined .

Some natural sediments such as pyroclastic debris , glacial tills and weathered crystalline rock products exhibit linear plots on Rosin paper , suggesting that they behave very much as crushed products , but the similarity vanishes swiftly with transport after which they rapidly come to resemble more commonly encountered materials transported and deposited from natural fluids .
some natural sediments such as pyroclastic debris , glacial tills and weathered crystalline rock products exhibit linear plots on rosin paper , suggesting that they behave very much as crushed products , but the similarity vanishes swiftly with transport after which they rapidly come to resemble more commonly [met] materials transported and deposited from natural fluids .

Difficulties are encountered where considerable dissolution has taken place during diagenesis of the sediment ( Section 5.3.5 ) .
difficulties are [met] where considerable dissolution has taken place during diagenesis of the sediment ( section 5.3.5 ) .

Grains present , but not encountered under the cross hairs , are noted as additional minerals ( Table 5.4 ) .
grains present , but not [met] under the cross hairs , are noted as additional minerals ( table 5.4 ) .

The delicate textural changes commonly encountered in studies of dissolution fabrics emphasize the importance of effective impregnation of the sediment prior to thin section making ; this is not only essential to identify plucked grains , or grains partially plucked from their matrix as opposed to secondary porosity , but is also necessary for reflected light petrography of grain and cement margins when investigating corrosion fabrics .
the delicate textural changes commonly [met] in studies of dissolution fabrics emphasize the importance of effective impregnation of the sediment prior to thin section making ; this is not only essential to identify plucked grains , or grains partially plucked from their matrix as opposed to secondary porosity , but is also necessary for reflected light petrography of grain and cement margins when investigating corrosion fabrics .

But here his deductions encountered their first contradiction .
but here his deductions [met] their first contradiction .

Cunningham 's chummy dropping of the ‘ Mr ’ from his name did not fool him for a moment : the withdrawn and irascible figure he had encountered in mid-afternoon was nearer the soul of this man than mine accommodating and smiling host of the Skein of Geese 's oak-panelled restaurant .
cunningham 's chummy dropping of the ‘ mr ’ from his name did not fool him for a moment : the withdrawn and irascible figure he had [met] in mid-afternoon was nearer the soul of this man than mine accommodating and smiling host of the skein of geese 's oak-panelled restaurant .

If it held the shares intact it would suffer the same disadvantage that our ordinary investor encountered .
if it held the shares intact it would suffer the same disadvantage that our ordinary investor [met] .

In doing so we also try to relate some of the magnitudes we have encountered for individual NBFIs to the flow of funds matrix in Table 2.1 .
in doing so we also try to relate some of the magnitudes we have [met] for individual nbfis to the flow of funds matrix in table 2.1 .

In Spain , where a somewhat similar system was introduced in 1737 , the same difficulties were encountered and the same disappointing results achieved .
in spain , where a somewhat similar system was introduced in 1737 , the same difficulties were [met] and the same disappointing results achieved .

It is worth noting , however , that Richards 's concept of poetry is similar to that which we have encountered in the previous two chapters , in that poetry for him is simply shorthand for literature that has aesthetic value ; his belief was that the value of literature as a whole lay entirely in its use of the emotive function of language .
it is worth noting , however , that richards 's concept of poetry is similar to that which we have [met] in the previous two chapters , in that poetry for him is simply shorthand for literature that has aesthetic value ; his belief was that the value of literature as a whole lay entirely in its use of the emotive function of language .

The construction of models independent of any external reality seems to encourage an emphasis on this sort of linguistic reflexivity and it will be encountered again in other structuralist writings .
the construction of models independent of any external reality seems to encourage an emphasis on this sort of linguistic reflexivity and it will be [met] again in other structuralist writings .

He will , of course , have encountered them in literary rather than in critical texts , but he will nevertheless appreciate the polysemy of a term like différance and not feel uncomfortable without a definition of its proper or primary meaning ( there is none ) .
he will , of course , have [met] them in literary rather than in critical texts , but he will nevertheless appreciate the polysemy of a term like différance and not feel uncomfortable without a definition of its proper or primary meaning ( there is none ) .

Although class teachers have considerable personal autonomy over their classes with regard to both the mathematical content and the manner in which this is encountered , they are far from free of the social world which they , and , as importantly , their pupils inhabit .
although class teachers have considerable personal autonomy over their classes with regard to both the mathematical content and the manner in which this is [met] , they are far from free of the social world which they , and , as importantly , their pupils inhabit .

Responding to change by Rita Nolder gives a detailed account of three teachers undertaking personal change and some of the successes and stresses they encountered along the way .
responding to change by rita nolder gives a detailed account of three teachers undertaking personal change and some of the successes and stresses they [met] along the way .

For example , in a sequence of activities on the theme ‘ Packing ’ , children spent time discussing occasions when they packed and problems encountered in particular packing activities .
for example , in a sequence of activities on the theme ‘ packing ’ , children spent time discussing occasions when they packed and problems [met] in particular packing activities .

They encountered little opposition , and restored order within the hour .
they [met] little opposition , and restored order within the hour .

In the case of Clarricoates ' work , for example , she found that the strength of gender stereotyping encountered in schools varied according ( in part ) to the social context in which the school operated .
in the case of clarricoates ' work , for example , she found that the strength of gender stereotyping [met] in schools varied according ( in part ) to the social context in which the school operated .

In the case of the texts in frequent use in all of the six schools , a quick estimate suggests that these five books were being encountered and worked on by approximately 2000 pupils .
in the case of the texts in frequent use in all of the six schools , a quick estimate suggests that these five books were being [met] and worked on by approximately 2000 pupils .

She recoiled from the ugliness of it all , for the bitter reflections felt part of the epidemic of hatred she had encountered in the Lodge , and to brood on them was to remain its passive prisoner .
she recoiled from the ugliness of it all , for the bitter reflections felt part of the epidemic of hatred she had [met] in the lodge , and to brood on them was to remain its passive prisoner .

Really , Muggeridge was one of the worst and most transparent liars he had ever encountered .
really , muggeridge was one of the worst and most transparent liars he had ever [met] .

Problems encountered included rape and wife beating .
problems [met] included rape and wife beating .

This module introduces the student to the laws governing some of the more common social relationships and institutions encountered in everyday life .
this module introduces the student to the laws governing some of the more common social relationships and institutions [met] in everyday life .

An elementary problem which the Commissioner encountered was that of publicity .
an elementary problem which the commissioner [met] was that of publicity .

It is submitted that in just four years the Commissioner and her team have succeeded , to a great extent , in ironing out many of the initial difficulties which were encountered .
it is submitted that in just four years the commissioner and her team have succeeded , to a great extent , in ironing out many of the initial difficulties which were [met] .

The memorandum listed a formidable catalogue of difficulties which were being encountered :
the memorandum listed a formidable catalogue of difficulties which were being [met] :

He seems to have taken this view because he was perturbed about the growing power and intransigence of the Soviet Union , whose diplomats he had encountered at the foundation conference of the United Nations in San Francisco in April 1945 .
he seems to have taken this view because he was perturbed about the growing power and intransigence of the soviet union , whose diplomats he had [met] at the foundation conference of the united nations in san francisco in april 1945 .

In addition such strategical decisions may be based on episodic memories for particular instances of driving the planned route , for example , the memory that you encountered road works at a particular junction recently and that it should thus be avoided until they have been completed .
in addition such strategical decisions may be based on episodic memories for particular instances of driving the planned route , for example , the memory that you [met] road works at a particular junction recently and that it should thus be avoided until they have been completed .

This distinction may be relatively easy to make in memory for situations encountered when driving .
this distinction may be relatively easy to make in memory for situations [met] when driving .

Because of the ambiguity in interpreting data of this type and the relatively small amount of it encountered the analysis will concentrate solely on descriptions which were scored as correct recalls .
because of the ambiguity in interpreting data of this type and the relatively small amount of it [met] the analysis will concentrate solely on descriptions which were scored as correct recalls .

In addition one of the subjects did not show any fluctuations in risk ratings , in debriefing he explained that he certainly could imagine many risky situations , but he had not encountered any during the drive .
in addition one of the subjects did not show any fluctuations in risk ratings , in debriefing he explained that he certainly could imagine many risky situations , but he had not [met] any during the drive .

Subjects ’ estimates of risk appeared to be broadly sensitive to differences in the actual accident statistics at the range of junctions encountered .
subjects ’ estimates of risk appeared to be broadly sensitive to differences in the actual accident statistics at the range of junctions [met] .

One surprising aspect of the recall results was that they did not seem to be related to previous knowledge of the junctions , it had seemed possible that even simple junctions would be memorable if they had not been previously encountered .
one surprising aspect of the recall results was that they did not seem to be related to previous knowledge of the junctions , it had seemed possible that even simple junctions would be memorable if they had not been previously [met] .

Even if subjects are deliberately attempting to recall the risky situations it would still be interesting that they are able to do so in a way that makes them distinct from all the other situations encountered .
even if subjects are deliberately attempting to recall the risky situations it would still be interesting that they are able to do so in a way that makes them distinct from all the other situations [met] .

Certainly risky situations did appear to be unusual events , the top 50 % of the rating scale was only used for 6.5 % of the situations encountered .
certainly risky situations did appear to be unusual events , the top 50 % of the rating scale was only used for 6.5 % of the situations [met] .

One problem with the type of on-road research used in Study 1 is that each situation encountered is unique to a particular driver and can not be repeated .
one problem with the type of on-road research used in study 1 is that each situation [met] is unique to a particular driver and can not be repeated .

Adjectives occurring postnominally with characteristic value are perhaps less frequently encountered , but they are still by no means uncommon ; we have already queried Bolinger 's view of the only river navigable ; and in the third example from ( 17 ) , it could hardly be claimed that the buildings were only adjacent on some particular occasion . We could also cite such cases as : ( 29 ) some parts inaccessible will be mapped from the air the shelter required [ for fishing boats ] is provided by Cape St. James
adjectives occurring postnominally with characteristic value are perhaps less frequently [met] , but they are still by no means uncommon ; we have already queried bolinger 's view of the only river navigable ; and in the third example from ( 17 ) , it could hardly be claimed that the buildings were only adjacent on some particular occasion . we could also cite such cases as : ( 29 ) some parts inaccessible will be mapped from the air the shelter required [ for fishing boats ] is provided by cape st. james

The problems he encountered , which included the use of authors ’ names ( gender differences , dropped initials , etc . )
the problems he [met] , which included the use of authors ’ names ( gender differences , dropped initials , etc . )

Prime Minister Petre Roman on April 29 proposed an extensive government reshuffle which he portrayed as the introduction of dynamic personalities to maintain the pace of economic reform , and which was interpreted by commentators as an assault on bureaucratic opposition to reform being encountered in several ministries .
prime minister petre roman on april 29 proposed an extensive government reshuffle which he portrayed as the introduction of dynamic personalities to maintain the pace of economic reform , and which was interpreted by commentators as an assault on bureaucratic opposition to reform being [met] in several ministries .

Repeated attempts to ascertain the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .
repeated attempts to ascertain the cause of the disaster had [met] difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .

The talks , which encountered difficulties , were attended by the Bihar Tribal Welfare Minister , Karam Chand Bhagat , and representatives of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha .
the talks , which [met] difficulties , were attended by the bihar tribal welfare minister , karam chand bhagat , and representatives of the jharkhand mukti morcha .

Six men were arrested on July 23 in connection with a scandal involving Itoman , a Japanese trading company which encountered severe financial trouble as a result of its involvement in speculative art and property investments .
six men were arrested on july 23 in connection with a scandal involving itoman , a japanese trading company which [met] severe financial trouble as a result of its involvement in speculative art and property investments .

In particular the government forces encountered problems in maintaining control of a town once rebel forces had been defeated ; when armed units moved on to another troubled area , rebels could regain control .
in particular the government forces [met] problems in maintaining control of a town once rebel forces had been defeated ; when armed units moved on to another troubled area , rebels could regain control .

As Governor he had encountered the opposition of the Democrat majority in the state legislature over tax and budgetary reforms and over his decision to veto a state abortion law in 1990 .
as governor he had [met] the opposition of the democrat majority in the state legislature over tax and budgetary reforms and over his decision to veto a state abortion law in 1990 .

As they left the radio station , the soldiers apparently encountered a large crowd of demonstrators who pelted them with stones .
as they left the radio station , the soldiers apparently [met] a large crowd of demonstrators who pelted them with stones .

It had been sent late in the afternoon of Nov. 20 to all federal agencies and departments , and encountered immediate opposition from many department heads , moderate Republican congressmen , Democrats and civil rights groups .
it had been sent late in the afternoon of nov. 20 to all federal agencies and departments , and [met] immediate opposition from many department heads , moderate republican congressmen , democrats and civil rights groups .

The retention of some of the information encountered can not but be expected …
the retention of some of the information [met] can not but be expected …

It is possible that the question you are asking is different from the sorts of discussion you have encountered in what you have read on the subject .
it is possible that the question you are asking is different from the sorts of discussion you have [met] in what you have read on the subject .

The hostility he encountered from Washington was far more deep-rooted and systematic than anything he had experienced in London .
the hostility he [met] from washington was far more deep-rooted and systematic than anything he had experienced in london .

The acclaim that he encountered in the streets of two Norman towns ( Isigny and Bayeux ) proved a turning point .
the acclaim that he [met] in the streets of two norman towns ( isigny and bayeux ) proved a turning point .

The new president was fundamentally at odds with the international status quo that he encountered in January 1959 .
the new president was fundamentally at odds with the international status quo that he [met] in january 1959 .

The impression calling for the use of the bare form of the infinitive here is very similar to that encountered with the verb have : the compliance of the person receiving the command or invitation can be taken for granted completely .
the impression calling for the use of the bare form of the infinitive here is very similar to that [met] with the verb have : the compliance of the person receiving the command or invitation can be taken for granted completely .

She was in a perpetual process of readjustment , not only to tides and seasons , but to the rats she encountered on the wharf .
she was in a perpetual process of readjustment , not only to tides and seasons , but to the rats she [met] on the wharf .

Intrigued by the Cypriots ' intense pride in their local cuisine , Gilli encountered great enthusiasm for food wherever she went .
intrigued by the cypriots ' intense pride in their local cuisine , gilli [met] great enthusiasm for food wherever she went .

Trouble was encountered at Coniston with one Michael Knott of Hawkshead who , it would appear , had the possession of certain mining rights on adjacent territory being part of Muncaster Estate Royalties .
trouble was [met] at coniston with one michael knott of hawkshead who , it would appear , had the possession of certain mining rights on adjacent territory being part of muncaster estate royalties .

Mineralisation was encountered in cross-faults ; at intersections of these with veins ; also at the junction of veins .
mineralisation was [met] in cross-faults ; at intersections of these with veins ; also at the junction of veins .

Little water would have been met with and what was encountered was brought up in the kibble .
little water would have been met with and what was [met] was brought up in the kibble .

We tied his arms behind his back and handed him over to the next village headman we encountered .
we tied his arms behind his back and handed him over to the next village headman we [met] .

We now passed great herds of cattle guarded by naked boys , and encountered frequent parties of mounted Arussi , all armed with spears .
we now passed great herds of cattle guarded by naked boys , and [met] frequent parties of mounted arussi , all armed with spears .

As a result of the difficulties often encountered by users , a differentiation is being made between naive and experienced users of online catalogues .
as a result of the difficulties often [met] by users , a differentiation is being made between naive and experienced users of online catalogues .

You will also find it valuable to allot a certain amount of time each day to evaluate your progress in order to see how you are doing , to study any problems you have encountered , to decide what you need to do next , and to plan how to go about it .
you will also find it valuable to allot a certain amount of time each day to evaluate your progress in order to see how you are doing , to study any problems you have [met] , to decide what you need to do next , and to plan how to go about it .

As the verb is the first trouble spot encountered in the sentence , the substitution is made there .
as the verb is the first trouble spot [met] in the sentence , the substitution is made there .

In early lessons , it is not usually desirable to discuss every grammatical feature that is encountered in the model conversation .
in early lessons , it is not usually desirable to discuss every grammatical feature that is [met] in the model conversation .

The further north we reached the more weird and wonderful floating contraptions we encountered , merchant ships converted to drilling barges , special pipe-laying barges which were mini-townships within themselves with populations of up to 200 crewmen .
the further north we reached the more weird and wonderful floating contraptions we [met] , merchant ships converted to drilling barges , special pipe-laying barges which were mini-townships within themselves with populations of up to 200 crewmen .

Difficulties determining whether or not the gall bladder was clear of stones were encountered ; indeed , four patients were thought to be free of stones at the end of the procedure only to have fragments found on the 10th day .
difficulties determining whether or not the gall bladder was clear of stones were [met] ; indeed , four patients were thought to be free of stones at the end of the procedure only to have fragments found on the 10th day .

The use of dissolution agents such as methyl- t -butylether or similar substances with or without computer controlled pumps have similar problems to those encountered in this study .
the use of dissolution agents such as methyl- t -butylether or similar substances with or without computer controlled pumps have similar problems to those [met] in this study .

Thus the rotary lithotrite could have a role in the management of gall stones if the problems encountered can be overcome .
thus the rotary lithotrite could have a role in the management of gall stones if the problems [met] can be overcome .

In our opinion not all of the pouch excisions performed would not be necessary ; in some of the earlier cases of fistulas that were encountered the pouch might now be salvaged .
in our opinion not all of the pouch excisions performed would not be necessary ; in some of the earlier cases of fistulas that were [met] the pouch might now be salvaged .

During the study three cases of intolerance to the formula diet , and one of severe salicylate sensitivity were encountered .
during the study three cases of intolerance to the formula diet , and one of severe salicylate sensitivity were [met] .

Failed peristalsis was commonly encountered in patients as well as controls .
failed peristalsis was commonly [met] in patients as well as controls .

The results of the present investigation agree with those of previous studies indicating that immune mechanisms are activated in cow 's milk allergy , and further extend these findings to unrelated dietary antigens encountered by the enteral route .
the results of the present investigation agree with those of previous studies indicating that immune mechanisms are activated in cow 's milk allergy , and further extend these findings to unrelated dietary antigens [met] by the enteral route .

We have also encountered a number of patients with the radiological features of sclerosing cholangitis but in whom there were also biliary tract calculi .
we have also [met] a number of patients with the radiological features of sclerosing cholangitis but in whom there were also biliary tract calculi .

Their use in malignant strictures provides immediate drainage , avoiding the early complications encountered with plastic stents .
their use in malignant strictures provides immediate drainage , avoiding the early complications [met] with plastic stents .

The modes of thought of men , the whole outlook on affairs , the grouping of parties all have encountered violent and tremendous changes in the challenge of the world . '
the modes of thought of men , the whole outlook on affairs , the grouping of parties all have [met] violent and tremendous changes in the challenge of the world . '

Relating these principles to Figures 11.1 and 11.2 , it will be seen that they comprise , despite the problems already encountered in describing them on an ad hoc basis , only a small number of variants .
relating these principles to figures 11.1 and 11.2 , it will be seen that they comprise , despite the problems already [met] in describing them on an ad hoc basis , only a small number of variants .

The two Swiss in the three-man rope , Wyss and Gonda , had encountered the third , a Russian , at the base of the Exit Cracks .
the two swiss in the three-man rope , wyss and gonda , had [met] the third , a russian , at the base of the exit cracks .

The remoteness of the man of power is something people who encountered Karajan often claimed to have found .
the remoteness of the man of power is something people who [met] karajan often claimed to have found .

If he had any lingering memories , which was almost impossible to credit , they would not match what he now encountered .
if he had any lingering memories , which was almost impossible to credit , they would not match what he now [met] .

’ The overall conclusion was that bombing did not stiffen morale , but seriously depressed it : fatalism , apathy , defeatism , and other psychological effects were all more strongly encountered among bombed than umbombed sections of the population .
’ the overall conclusion was that bombing did not stiffen morale , but seriously depressed it : fatalism , apathy , defeatism , and other psychological effects were all more strongly [met] among bombed than umbombed sections of the population .

Although the Gnostics claimed to offer a higher knowledge than the simple faith of the church , their teachings were highly mythological and encountered an opposition , no less vehement than that of the church , from the late pagan Platonists , such as Plotinus ( mid-third century ) and his successors .
although the gnostics claimed to offer a higher knowledge than the simple faith of the church , their teachings were highly mythological and [met] an opposition , no less vehement than that of the church , from the late pagan platonists , such as plotinus ( mid-third century ) and his successors .

But missionaries constantly encountered the idea of an interaction between supernatural power and material prosperity , and the complexity of this idea only served to increase the sensitivity which they needed to make an impact on the discussion .
but missionaries constantly [met] the idea of an interaction between supernatural power and material prosperity , and the complexity of this idea only served to increase the sensitivity which they needed to make an impact on the discussion .

Here again , however , difficult practical problems may be encountered , since we do not know exactly how many dies a coin die could make .
here again , however , difficult practical problems may be [met] , since we do not know exactly how many dies a coin die could make .

It would have been a sensible place in which to have encountered a loving creator , but it was a wretched spot for a pale and spindly child to fall victim to the predatory hunger of an Italian prisoner of war with a tobacco tin filled with metal rings made in the camp workshop three miles away across the woods .
it would have been a sensible place in which to have [met] a loving creator , but it was a wretched spot for a pale and spindly child to fall victim to the predatory hunger of an italian prisoner of war with a tobacco tin filled with metal rings made in the camp workshop three miles away across the woods .

Begin again , distant and spare , a clinical account of how a man — an economist — encountered a beautiful brown woman , the one hundred and fifty-sixth prostitute to spread herself with simulated murmurs and greedy eyes beneath his unslaked loins .
begin again , distant and spare , a clinical account of how a man — an economist — [met] a beautiful brown woman , the one hundred and fifty-sixth prostitute to spread herself with simulated murmurs and greedy eyes beneath his unslaked loins .

He still retains an affection for the place , perhaps because it was there that he first encountered the inspiring sight of human beings at odds with , and frequently overcoming , an unpromising environment .
he still retains an affection for the place , perhaps because it was there that he first [met] the inspiring sight of human beings at odds with , and frequently overcoming , an unpromising environment .

Klaus Steilmann expected and has encountered criticism from environmental quarters and sceptics .
klaus steilmann expected and has [met] criticism from environmental quarters and sceptics .

Rock ' n'roll was originally a revolt against straitlaced stuffy mores ( encountered in the family , at school , in the small town ) , but now it 's ‘ brainwashing media images and fantasies ’ , the very institution of pop itself , that we define ourselves against , Indiepop is fast becoming nothing but commentary on pop — The Membranes ' ‘ Death To Trad Rock ’ , Sonic/Ciccone Youth 's obsession with Madonna , Age of Chance 's ‘ Kiss ’ , Oblivion is forestalled because we are constantly made conscious that this is a reaction against .
rock ' n'roll was originally a revolt against straitlaced stuffy mores ( [met] in the family , at school , in the small town ) , but now it 's ‘ brainwashing media images and fantasies ’ , the very institution of pop itself , that we define ourselves against , indiepop is fast becoming nothing but commentary on pop — the membranes ' ‘ death to trad rock ’ , sonic/ciccone youth 's obsession with madonna , age of chance 's ‘ kiss ’ , oblivion is forestalled because we are constantly made conscious that this is a reaction against .

‘ We encountered a baby common dolphin trapped only a few feet from the surface , its beak and tall flipper hopelessly wrapped in layer upon layer of nylon mesh .
‘ we [met] a baby common dolphin trapped only a few feet from the surface , its beak and tall flipper hopelessly wrapped in layer upon layer of nylon mesh .

The basic problem he encountered was getting across why his own complete immaterialism was not itself more overtly and explicitly sceptical than the standard view that there exist both material bodies and incorporeal minds or spirits .
the basic problem he [met] was getting across why his own complete immaterialism was not itself more overtly and explicitly sceptical than the standard view that there exist both material bodies and incorporeal minds or spirits .

At twelve Jane was taken to England to be educated and encountered her indelible railway wagon .
at twelve jane was taken to england to be educated and [met] her indelible railway wagon .

Another weird species which Jane encountered in magazineland was the Public Relations Woman .
another weird species which jane [met] in magazineland was the public relations woman .

The problems encountered when making a 17 keV neutrino fit with what is known about the universe are the second reason for scepticism .
the problems [met] when making a 17 kev neutrino fit with what is known about the universe are the second reason for scepticism .

He manufactured stories about the cannibalistic Caribs he never met : without the Admiral 's inventive mind , Shakespeare 's audience might never have encountered Caliban on Prospero 's island .
he manufactured stories about the cannibalistic caribs he never met : without the admiral 's inventive mind , shakespeare 's audience might never have [met] caliban on prospero 's island .

Every taxi-driver he encountered was polite , indeed charming .
every taxi-driver he [met] was polite , indeed charming .

This , in turn , reduces the ability of companies to supply any later upturn in demand , so inflationary bottlenecks are encountered at lower levels of economic activity .
this , in turn , reduces the ability of companies to supply any later upturn in demand , so inflationary bottlenecks are [met] at lower levels of economic activity .

Though greeted with nothing like the derision that met Howarth 's six-page statement , the spokesmen encountered a fair degree of scepticism .
though greeted with nothing like the derision that met howarth 's six-page statement , the spokesmen [met] a fair degree of scepticism .

Every Dane owes ca £5,000 to foreign creditors when the foreign debt is divided equally , dwarfing the problem encountered in ‘ debtor ’ countries such as Poland and Brazil .
every dane owes ca £5,000 to foreign creditors when the foreign debt is divided equally , dwarfing the problem [met] in ‘ debtor ’ countries such as poland and brazil .

In this chapter typical examples of the kinds of fossils most commonly encountered are illustrated by beautiful specimens .
in this chapter typical examples of the kinds of fossils most commonly [met] are illustrated by beautiful specimens .

Anyone who has waded into the clear blue waters of the Mediterranean without proper footwear may have encountered the protective covering of the sea urchins .
anyone who has waded into the clear blue waters of the mediterranean without proper footwear may have [met] the protective covering of the sea urchins .

The most highly specialized crustacea are probably the barnacles ( Cirripedia ) and individual barnacle plates are rather commonly encountered in rocks of Cretaceous age and younger .
the most highly specialized crustacea are probably the barnacles ( cirripedia ) and individual barnacle plates are rather commonly [met] in rocks of cretaceous age and younger .

Some important groups , like the mosses and liverworts , have a sporadic fossil record extending back to the Carboniferous , but they are not likely to be encountered without a special search .
some important groups , like the mosses and liverworts , have a sporadic fossil record extending back to the carboniferous , but they are not likely to be [met] without a special search .

The flattened whorls are particularly easy to recognize , and are frequently encountered in the soft , dark shales associated with coal seams .
the flattened whorls are particularly easy to recognize , and are frequently [met] in the soft , dark shales associated with coal seams .

Throughout it is held that professionals and managers are people and it is people who should be brought to mind whenever such terms as professionalism and professionality or management and managerialism are encountered .
throughout it is held that professionals and managers are people and it is people who should be brought to mind whenever such terms as professionalism and professionality or management and managerialism are [met] .

of Calluna vulgaris or Juniperus communis , though prostrate forms of the former are not encountered as frequently as expected on exposed mountain plateaux .
of calluna vulgaris or juniperus communis , though prostrate forms of the former are not [met] as frequently as expected on exposed mountain plateaux .

The appalling hardship , primitive conditions , tremendous heat on the exposed rocky outcrop , and the omnipresent spice of danger which he encountered on his first experience of active service , appealed to the adventurous and the Spartan in Leslie , and salved the conscience that had irked him during his long training and frustrating inactivity at home .
the appalling hardship , primitive conditions , tremendous heat on the exposed rocky outcrop , and the omnipresent spice of danger which he [met] on his first experience of active service , appealed to the adventurous and the spartan in leslie , and salved the conscience that had irked him during his long training and frustrating inactivity at home .

There was drill to teach the men to extricate themselves from the several hazards that might be encountered , for the dangers of a night drop over woods or water were obvious .
there was drill to teach the men to extricate themselves from the several hazards that might be [met] , for the dangers of a night drop over woods or water were obvious .

For the second time in his military career Leslie now encountered a piece of equipment to which an unattractive female name and personality was attributed .
for the second time in his military career leslie now [met] a piece of equipment to which an unattractive female name and personality was attributed .

Perhaps surprisingly , with so much hassle behind it , the President introduced the motion with a classical understatement — ‘ Your Committee has encountered difficulties and obscurities during their efforts on Constitutional Reform ! ’ But at least in introducing the 1983 Annual Report a few months later he announced with pride ‘ Your Committee has brought out the Bondholders ! ’
perhaps surprisingly , with so much hassle behind it , the president introduced the motion with a classical understatement — ‘ your committee has [met] difficulties and obscurities during their efforts on constitutional reform ! ’ but at least in introducing the 1983 annual report a few months later he announced with pride ‘ your committee has brought out the bondholders ! ’

In a game the pain of life can safely be recaptured , encountered and switched off as required , for as we have seen , a game and all other forms of playing including the arts are deliberately created second-order experiences , removed from the rawness of living .
in a game the pain of life can safely be recaptured , [met] and switched off as required , for as we have seen , a game and all other forms of playing including the arts are deliberately created second-order experiences , removed from the rawness of living .

We have encountered them throughout the book .
we have [met] them throughout the book .

During the Queen 's Silver Jubilee Year in 1977 Charles had encountered a typical scene .
during the queen 's silver jubilee year in 1977 charles had [met] a typical scene .

Many are the times he has held up busy working schedules because he has become fascinated by someone he has encountered in a crowd .
many are the times he has held up busy working schedules because he has become fascinated by someone he has [met] in a crowd .

Charles has had years of practice and had already encountered all the customs and forms of national dress that amuse Diana so much .
charles has had years of practice and had already [met] all the customs and forms of national dress that amuse diana so much .

Constructional problems which were encountered during the contract included the discovery of the serious decay of a considerable area of the Kentish ragstone facing .
constructional problems which were [met] during the contract included the discovery of the serious decay of a considerable area of the kentish ragstone facing .

The difficulties encountered in negotiating all the necessary approvals , particularly the funding , for a scheme which departed from the norm of fair rent housing explain the exceptionally long period of four years that preceded commencement of the building contract .
the difficulties [met] in negotiating all the necessary approvals , particularly the funding , for a scheme which departed from the norm of fair rent housing explain the exceptionally long period of four years that preceded commencement of the building contract .

In the High Street he encountered Dr Crocker emerging from Grover 's with a copy of the British Medical Journal .
in the high street he [met] dr crocker emerging from grover 's with a copy of the british medical journal .

However , until very recently , the leading ethnographers of the police made few disclosures on the difficulties they encountered , implying that their entry into the field and relations with police officers were unproblematic .
however , until very recently , the leading ethnographers of the police made few disclosures on the difficulties they [met] , implying that their entry into the field and relations with police officers were unproblematic .

However , other constables in Easton were encountered regularly in the canteen , on guard duty , and in the neighbourhood and community policing units of the station , and the personnel in the section periodically changed as a result of transfers .
however , other constables in easton were [met] regularly in the canteen , on guard duty , and in the neighbourhood and community policing units of the station , and the personnel in the section periodically changed as a result of transfers .

But the majority of policemen and women we encountered were not like this and did not engage in little acts of subterfuge to limit what the field-worker saw or heard because either they had nothing to hide or , more rarely , they were not concerned to conceal it .
but the majority of policemen and women we [met] were not like this and did not engage in little acts of subterfuge to limit what the field-worker saw or heard because either they had nothing to hide or , more rarely , they were not concerned to conceal it .

People from the stations we visited in such areas , or whom we encountered upon their being transferred to Easton , felt policing there was not typical and that we were obtaining an unrealistic view .
people from the stations we visited in such areas , or whom we [met] upon their being transferred to easton , felt policing there was not typical and that we were obtaining an unrealistic view .

Generally , the policemen encountered in fieldwork disliked dealing with sex offences against children .
generally , the policemen [met] in fieldwork disliked dealing with sex offences against children .

These idealizations are referred to by Holdaway as the ‘ mental map ’ of the police ( 1983 : 63–4 ) , and he addressed the typifications Hilton 's police had of their area ( sites of ‘ danger ’ and ‘ trouble ’ , ‘ mump holes ’ , and so on ) , and the people they encountered ( ‘ challengers ’ , ‘ disarmers ’ , ‘ prisoners ’ ) .
these idealizations are referred to by holdaway as the ‘ mental map ’ of the police ( 1983 : 63–4 ) , and he addressed the typifications hilton 's police had of their area ( sites of ‘ danger ’ and ‘ trouble ’ , ‘ mump holes ’ , and so on ) , and the people they [met] ( ‘ challengers ’ , ‘ disarmers ’ , ‘ prisoners ’ ) .

This might be because the people to whom they apply are encountered only infrequently in the course of police work .
this might be because the people to whom they apply are [met] only infrequently in the course of police work .

This self-selection process ensures that the Community Relations Branch attracts people with enthusiasm and the necessary personal qualities which make them enjoy work with youngsters , and not one member of the Community Relations Branch we encountered in Easton and elsewhere expressed anything other than pleasure and enjoyment from working with youngsters .
this self-selection process ensures that the community relations branch attracts people with enthusiasm and the necessary personal qualities which make them enjoy work with youngsters , and not one member of the community relations branch we [met] in easton and elsewhere expressed anything other than pleasure and enjoyment from working with youngsters .

The following is an extract from the field notes where the field-worker describes a conversation in which a juvenile liaison officer is explaining who typically is encountered in her work :
the following is an extract from the field notes where the field-worker describes a conversation in which a juvenile liaison officer is explaining who typically is [met] in her work :

He said the purpose of the annual review was to inform the legal profession , the users of the court and the wider public of what problems had been encountered in endeavours to achieve better , cheaper and swifter appellate justice , what steps were being taken to overcome those problems and what success was attending those efforts .
he said the purpose of the annual review was to inform the legal profession , the users of the court and the wider public of what problems had been [met] in endeavours to achieve better , cheaper and swifter appellate justice , what steps were being taken to overcome those problems and what success was attending those efforts .

Both classical and contemporary plays will be chosen , but problems are often encountered with the modern play which frequently has a short cast list .
both classical and contemporary plays will be chosen , but problems are often [met] with the modern play which frequently has a short cast list .

The difficulty here is the same as the one already encountered with the attempt to relate evoked potentials to conscious events .
the difficulty here is the same as the one already [met] with the attempt to relate evoked potentials to conscious events .

It is built up as a result of encountering these words in print as one is learning to read , though of course new word forms will be added throughout adult life as they are encountered .
it is built up as a result of encountering these words in print as one is learning to read , though of course new word forms will be added throughout adult life as they are [met] .

Plus ‘ The Sparrows ’ that we encountered earlier .
plus ‘ the sparrows ’ that we [met] earlier .

If Let Us Compare Mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of Montreal ( and all that was in it , not excluding its female charms ) ‘ began to jump at me , ’ The Spice-Box Of Earth marks the heightening of his Jewish consciousness which he encountered in young adulthood , as a free agent abroad in the world , having to establish his own identity at a time when his own Tradition , and his position in it , began likewise to jump at him .
if let us compare mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of montreal ( and all that was in it , not excluding its female charms ) ‘ began to jump at me , ’ the spice-box of earth marks the heightening of his jewish consciousness which he [met] in young adulthood , as a free agent abroad in the world , having to establish his own identity at a time when his own tradition , and his position in it , began likewise to jump at him .

Joint injuries are also very common and the most frequently encountered are impacted toes and dislocated fingers .
joint injuries are also very common and the most frequently [met] are impacted toes and dislocated fingers .

Glasser presents a full picture of the behaviour , good and bad , which he encountered in an area of maximum difficulty , and it is not often that such a picture has been presented .
glasser presents a full picture of the behaviour , good and bad , which he [met] in an area of maximum difficulty , and it is not often that such a picture has been presented .

She begins by recalling a remark made to her a long time ago by Larkin , about difficulties encountered in his private life — a remark which consisted of a joke to do with ‘ the impossibility of relations between men and women ’ , followed by the notion that ‘ women ought really to marry each other ’ , followed by ‘ but that would be wrong , would n't it ?
she begins by recalling a remark made to her a long time ago by larkin , about difficulties [met] in his private life — a remark which consisted of a joke to do with ‘ the impossibility of relations between men and women ’ , followed by the notion that ‘ women ought really to marry each other ’ , followed by ‘ but that would be wrong , would n't it ?

Nudists May Be Encountered
nudists may be [met]

On this part of the beach , she read , ‘ Nudists May Be Encountered .
on this part of the beach , she read , ‘ nudists may be [met] .

We would like to point out that many people at the centre told us that the attitudes we had encountered were less prevalent now than they had been in the past , and would continue to diminish .
we would like to point out that many people at the centre told us that the attitudes we had [met] were less prevalent now than they had been in the past , and would continue to diminish .

As The Smiths grew in commercial stature , so they encountered more and more professional people , especially in America , and these people constantly told the band to think big , to think mega , to evolve into a major international unit .
as the smiths grew in commercial stature , so they [met] more and more professional people , especially in america , and these people constantly told the band to think big , to think mega , to evolve into a major international unit .

For some the only problem encountered with dogs is getting the brown stuff out of their outsoles , but dogs are clearly more of a pest than this , if our postbag is anything to go by .
for some the only problem [met] with dogs is getting the brown stuff out of their outsoles , but dogs are clearly more of a pest than this , if our postbag is anything to go by .

But each individual foster-parent is descended from a long line of ancestors many of whom never encountered a cuckoo in their lives .
but each individual foster-parent is descended from a long line of ancestors many of whom never [met] a cuckoo in their lives .

Perhaps we have actually known that God has encountered us personally .
perhaps we have actually known that god has [met] us personally .

The actual conditions between which packs are cycled will depend on the conditions likely to be encountered in the market .
the actual conditions between which packs are cycled will depend on the conditions likely to be [met] in the market .

There is no reason to suppose that either Wilhelm Roentgen ( 1845–1923 ) or Pierre Curie ( 1859–1906 ) had any thought of discovering a treatment for cancer when they first encountered X-rays and radium .
there is no reason to suppose that either wilhelm roentgen ( 1845–1923 ) or pierre curie ( 1859–1906 ) had any thought of discovering a treatment for cancer when they first [met] x-rays and radium .

Firm judgments of the cases he has investigated have often been accompanied by hard-hitting comments about the problems his office has encountered .
firm judgments of the cases he has investigated have often been accompanied by hard-hitting comments about the problems his office has [met] .

‘ Much of the poetry studied was contemporary or near-contemporary , although many classes had encountered at least one poem by a first world war poet .
‘ much of the poetry studied was contemporary or near-contemporary , although many classes had [met] at least one poem by a first world war poet .

The self-confidence inspired by his Eton and Trinity background may have helped him in the several differences of opinion he has encountered in his life .
the self-confidence inspired by his eton and trinity background may have helped him in the several differences of opinion he has [met] in his life .

It took Cuckney four years to overcome the financial crisis he encountered when he took over the Crown Agents in 1974 .
it took cuckney four years to overcome the financial crisis he [met] when he took over the crown agents in 1974 .

Not angry but loving calls , which the midwife tried to hush because she had never encountered young women who could yell abuse so lovingly ; ,
not angry but loving calls , which the midwife tried to hush because she had never [met] young women who could yell abuse so lovingly ; ,

On each flight to Cyprus six groundcrew were on board to cope with any problems encountered en route and to remove the avionics not included in the sale .
on each flight to cyprus six groundcrew were on board to cope with any problems [met] en route and to remove the avionics not included in the sale .

Here is a valorization of the different/same binary similar to that already encountered in Gallop , Scruton , Mailer , and others .
here is a valorization of the different/same binary similar to that already [met] in gallop , scruton , mailer , and others .

They encountered fierce resistance as they fought their way up to Austria for two years .
they [met] fierce resistance as they fought their way up to austria for two years .

The first of the 10 special East German Reichsbahn trains finally left Prague at 5.30 local time , almost 24 hours late , reflecting the difficulties encountered by the East Germans in clearing the tracks .
the first of the 10 special east german reichsbahn trains finally left prague at 5.30 local time , almost 24 hours late , reflecting the difficulties [met] by the east germans in clearing the tracks .

Whitehall officials have encountered difficulties in deciding which essential services to include .
whitehall officials have [met] difficulties in deciding which essential services to include .

Travelling east , Lewis encountered two men , Joseph Dixon and Forrest Hancock , trapping the Missouri west from Illinois .
travelling east , lewis [met] two men , joseph dixon and forrest hancock , trapping the missouri west from illinois .

Problems in providing efficient training were encountered in the remoter areas where adequate facilities were hard to find .
problems in providing efficient training were [met] in the remoter areas where adequate facilities were hard to find .

She turned corners she was sure she had never encountered before .
she turned corners she was sure she had never [met] before .

This book covers at length the types of problems encountered in validating a given analytical method , with correct data manipulation and with the quality control of the assay procedure .
this book covers at length the types of problems [met] in validating a given analytical method , with correct data manipulation and with the quality control of the assay procedure .

Of major interest was the nature of their inter-agency practice , their respective expectations and the range of problems encountered .
of major interest was the nature of their inter-agency practice , their respective expectations and the range of problems [met] .

’ ' Another worker , who stood as a Conservative councillor , said she had encountered Mr Lawson at a reception last year and had been asked by the Chancellor why she had lost .
’ ' another worker , who stood as a conservative councillor , said she had [met] mr lawson at a reception last year and had been asked by the chancellor why she had lost .

Avuncular and sociable , he was a warm and friendly person who might be encountered conducting a Women 's Institute choir , accompanying an audition at the piano , as a freelance organist or providing harpsichord continuo .
avuncular and sociable , he was a warm and friendly person who might be [met] conducting a women 's institute choir , accompanying an audition at the piano , as a freelance organist or providing harpsichord continuo .

Moreover , they interpret a piece of music and make it their own , even if they have never encountered the given orchestra until a few hours before .
moreover , they interpret a piece of music and make it their own , even if they have never [met] the given orchestra until a few hours before .

The problem encountered in Australia , of the doctrine being too complicated for juries , was the result of a six-stage direction which the courts developed ; surely the essence of the doctrine can be conveyed more simply than that , rather than destroying it entirely .
the problem [met] in australia , of the doctrine being too complicated for juries , was the result of a six-stage direction which the courts developed ; surely the essence of the doctrine can be conveyed more simply than that , rather than destroying it entirely .

The wording with which section 2 of the Homicide Act 1957 introduced diminished responsibility is rather unsatisfactory , but judges , counsel , doctors , and juries have approached it with a compassionate pragmatism rather than with the rarefied verbal analysis too frequently encountered in English criminal law . The mainstay of section 2 is a wide concept of ‘ abnormality of mind ’ , interpreted in the leading case of Byrne ( 1960 ) as
the wording with which section 2 of the homicide act 1957 introduced diminished responsibility is rather unsatisfactory , but judges , counsel , doctors , and juries have approached it with a compassionate pragmatism rather than with the rarefied verbal analysis too frequently [met] in english criminal law . the mainstay of section 2 is a wide concept of ‘ abnormality of mind ’ , interpreted in the leading case of byrne ( 1960 ) as

Specialised roots are often encountered in the garden .
specialised roots are often [met] in the garden .

Aunt Marjorie herself was in the habit of having early nights and she was n't encountered , but on the way back , in heavy rain , Charles did encounter his Company Commander .
aunt marjorie herself was in the habit of having early nights and she was n't [met] , but on the way back , in heavy rain , charles did encounter his company commander .

Those whom they encountered were for the most part leading precarious lives ; they lacked the leisure , the mental energy , even the vocabulary , for speculation about the great issues of heaven and hell , death and judgement .
those whom they [met] were for the most part leading precarious lives ; they lacked the leisure , the mental energy , even the vocabulary , for speculation about the great issues of heaven and hell , death and judgement .

No people in human history have so consistently encountered so terrible a fate as that of the Jews , whose compact with Jahweh should have preserved them . As George Steiner has written :
no people in human history have so consistently [met] so terrible a fate as that of the jews , whose compact with jahweh should have preserved them . as george steiner has written :

Some of the scientific methods and problems encountered are exemplified below by specific case histories .
some of the scientific methods and problems [met] are exemplified below by specific case histories .

Further , the statue has an inscription on one leg mentioning a specific family and once again only much later was this name encountered on Roman pottery as an important family firm of merchants in that region .
further , the statue has an inscription on one leg mentioning a specific family and once again only much later was this name [met] on roman pottery as an important family firm of merchants in that region .

Marcus , thus present occasionally at Jack 's house , where he evidently felt his visits to be a matter of duty , inevitably encountered the women , who treated him with suitable respect and awe , and Jack , who was nervously affable , and even on two occasions Gildas to whom he nodded politely .
marcus , thus present occasionally at jack 's house , where he evidently felt his visits to be a matter of duty , inevitably [met] the women , who treated him with suitable respect and awe , and jack , who was nervously affable , and even on two occasions gildas to whom he nodded politely .

The term polyethylene glycol may be encountered in some formulations .
the term polyethylene glycol may be [met] in some formulations .

Since there are five basic types of cleaning agents soil encountered in catering maybe grouped as follows :
since there are five basic types of cleaning agents soil [met] in catering maybe grouped as follows :

The most common type encountered is 100 per cent linen or cotton in an off white loose weave fabric known variously as stockinette , mutton cloth or scrim .
the most common type [met] is 100 per cent linen or cotton in an off white loose weave fabric known variously as stockinette , mutton cloth or scrim .

In agriculture , the popular movement began to respond to the kind of difficulties that farmers like those in Zubaydat had encountered .
in agriculture , the popular movement began to respond to the kind of difficulties that farmers like those in zubaydat had [met] .

, their famous conquests and their alleged insatiable quests to make it with the world 's most attractive women , or some alluring beauty either may have encountered in a bar or restaurant .
, their famous conquests and their alleged insatiable quests to make it with the world 's most attractive women , or some alluring beauty either may have [met] in a bar or restaurant .

report , tend to occur when the person is encountered in an unusual context — that is , efficient recall of semantic information appears to require the presence of appropriate contextual cues whereas recognition does not .
report , tend to occur when the person is [met] in an unusual context — that is , efficient recall of semantic information appears to require the presence of appropriate contextual cues whereas recognition does not .

Other problems were encountered , including background noise , the positioning of the shorthand writer , overcrowding in many rooms when a politically interesting meeting was being filmed , and the arrangements for covering committee meetings away from Westminster .
other problems were [met] , including background noise , the positioning of the shorthand writer , overcrowding in many rooms when a politically interesting meeting was being filmed , and the arrangements for covering committee meetings away from westminster .

We all went , and a good half came back claiming to have encountered the spirit world .
we all went , and a good half came back claiming to have [met] the spirit world .

While whole hops are repeatedly claimed to produce the best hop character in a beer , problems may be encountered .
while whole hops are repeatedly claimed to produce the best hop character in a beer , problems may be [met] .

Passengers now encountered ‘ Duckling in Ginger and Shallot Sauce : an irresistible combination of seasoned roasted duck , off the bone , served with a sauce of shallots , ginger , honey and white wine .
passengers now [met] ‘ duckling in ginger and shallot sauce : an irresistible combination of seasoned roasted duck , off the bone , served with a sauce of shallots , ginger , honey and white wine .

But there it encountered another ruined project , a work to be called The Drunks of which only a tiny fragment survives , and the marriage of these two constitutes the success of Crime and Punishment .
but there it [met] another ruined project , a work to be called the drunks of which only a tiny fragment survives , and the marriage of these two constitutes the success of crime and punishment .

Pound in this passage recollects how , late in the war , he set out with borrowed boots and haversack from Rome , already doomed to fall to the advancing Allied armies , for the Italo-Austrian domicile of his natural daughter , Mary , and how , hiking and hitch-hiking , he encountered much kindness from Germans and Italians alike .
pound in this passage recollects how , late in the war , he set out with borrowed boots and haversack from rome , already doomed to fall to the advancing allied armies , for the italo-austrian domicile of his natural daughter , mary , and how , hiking and hitch-hiking , he [met] much kindness from germans and italians alike .

But two major problems were encountered ; the cable 's weight and the fact that it fell short of its intended destination .
but two major problems were [met] ; the cable 's weight and the fact that it fell short of its intended destination .

Most athletes first encountered him as a voice , bellowing in multi-lingual fury at officials who had broken rules or arrangements designed to make racing safer or more fair .
most athletes first [met] him as a voice , bellowing in multi-lingual fury at officials who had broken rules or arrangements designed to make racing safer or more fair .

It is one of the few gestures of real friendship encountered by this lonely man in his long and tormented odyssey .
it is one of the few gestures of real friendship [met] by this lonely man in his long and tormented odyssey .

Bush Vark 's First Day Out by Charles Fuge ( MacMillan , £6.95 ) Winner of The Mother Goose Award and the MacMillan Prize 1988 Three pairs of creaturely eyes stare out from the deep black inside covers of Bush Vark 's First Day Out , whetting young appetites for nocturnal mystery and the pleasurable horrors encountered by Charles Fuge 's cheery little vark , with his slippery passivity and plain good fortune .
bush vark 's first day out by charles fuge ( macmillan , £6.95 ) winner of the mother goose award and the macmillan prize 1988 three pairs of creaturely eyes stare out from the deep black inside covers of bush vark 's first day out , whetting young appetites for nocturnal mystery and the pleasurable horrors [met] by charles fuge 's cheery little vark , with his slippery passivity and plain good fortune .

There are occasional references to fullers during the 13th and 14th centuries but theirs must have been a small scale operation compared to that encountered further downstream around Cirencester .
there are occasional references to fullers during the 13th and 14th centuries but theirs must have been a small scale operation compared to that [met] further downstream around cirencester .

In the area around Cirencester the still infant river only powered small mills , unlike the much larger ones encountered further along its route towards London .
in the area around cirencester the still infant river only powered small mills , unlike the much larger ones [met] further along its route towards london .

Water comes from the Kilcott Brook and is fed via a short penstock to the 18′ diameter pitchback wheel , a design not often encountered in this area .
water comes from the kilcott brook and is fed via a short penstock to the 18′ diameter pitchback wheel , a design not often [met] in this area .

Old wood was used for certain areas such as the floors , the problems encountered in obtaining supplies being enormous .
old wood was used for certain areas such as the floors , the problems [met] in obtaining supplies being enormous .

Between there and Drumbreck House they came across a number of swollen burns and encountered streams where no streams had existed before .
between there and drumbreck house they came across a number of swollen burns and [met] streams where no streams had existed before .

Beatrix Potter 's Peter Rabbit is one of Japan 's most famous characters : he is often the first Englishman encountered by young readers , and the miniature quality of Potter 's stories and illustrations strikes some deep chord in the Japanese heart .
beatrix potter 's peter rabbit is one of japan 's most famous characters : he is often the first englishman [met] by young readers , and the miniature quality of potter 's stories and illustrations strikes some deep chord in the japanese heart .

The above briefly describes some of the main forms of severe mental handicap which might be encountered .
the above briefly describes some of the main forms of severe mental handicap which might be [met] .

The test questions should be what experienced teachers would be likely to ask , taking account of the character of the reading material , its context and the purposes for which it would normally be encountered .
the test questions should be what experienced teachers would be likely to ask , taking account of the character of the reading material , its context and the purposes for which it would normally be [met] .

Few salmon are encountered in Loch Doon these days , but brown trout abound and some huge fish have been caught in recent years .
few salmon are [met] in loch doon these days , but brown trout abound and some huge fish have been caught in recent years .

This is the case concerning the burglary of jewellery which we have already encountered .
this is the case concerning the burglary of jewellery which we have already [met] .

In England and Wales the position is now governed by the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 , section 78 , the terms of which we encountered in the previous chapter .
in england and wales the position is now governed by the police and criminal evidence act 1984 , section 78 , the terms of which we [met] in the previous chapter .

Occasionally , he talks to people who enter the mountain , though at other times he can be encountered outside .
occasionally , he talks to people who enter the mountain , though at other times he can be [met] outside .

Perhaps Richard had the best of it : at Queen Eleanor 's court he encountered troubadours and intellectuals who taught him the social graces .
perhaps richard had the best of it : at queen eleanor 's court he [met] troubadours and intellectuals who taught him the social graces .

Ella Bembridge , exhausted by Christmas shopping , called into the local tea shop , The Fuchsia Bush , in Lulling High Street and encountered her old friend .
ella bembridge , exhausted by christmas shopping , called into the local tea shop , the fuchsia bush , in lulling high street and [met] her old friend .

He landed eventually at Stabiae ( near the present Castellammare ) , where things were still fairly tolerable , and there he encountered a friend of his , one Pomponianus , who was making frantic preparations to escape , loading his possessions on to ships and fretting for a favourable wind so that he could put to sea .
he landed eventually at stabiae ( near the present castellammare ) , where things were still fairly tolerable , and there he [met] a friend of his , one pomponianus , who was making frantic preparations to escape , loading his possessions on to ships and fretting for a favourable wind so that he could put to sea .

Though transsexuals are a rare phenomenon , much attention has been focused on them , not only because of the difficulties encountered in treating them , but also because of the insight a study of their condition may offer into the wider problems of sex determination and gender identity .
though transsexuals are a rare phenomenon , much attention has been focused on them , not only because of the difficulties [met] in treating them , but also because of the insight a study of their condition may offer into the wider problems of sex determination and gender identity .

There were no signposts and maps were not to be trusted , but the greatest hazard he encountered was a swarm of locusts which had taken possession of five miles of the road .
there were no signposts and maps were not to be trusted , but the greatest hazard he [met] was a swarm of locusts which had taken possession of five miles of the road .

Since watches were for long the toys of the rich , it is not surprising that often when ordinary folk encountered one they were extremely puzzled and were even inclined to look upon it as something evil and dangerous .
since watches were for long the toys of the rich , it is not surprising that often when ordinary folk [met] one they were extremely puzzled and were even inclined to look upon it as something evil and dangerous .

Only measures of material social conditions , unemployment , income , housing conditions , density of population , can usefully serve to characterize the deprivation encountered by those forced to live in these circumstances .
only measures of material social conditions , unemployment , income , housing conditions , density of population , can usefully serve to characterize the deprivation [met] by those forced to live in these circumstances .

The team will train at Darwin , in Australia 's Northern Territories before the tour starts , to acclimatize to the humid , tropical conditions likely to be encountered in 'Sri Lanka' .
the team will train at darwin , in australia 's northern territories before the tour starts , to acclimatize to the humid , tropical conditions likely to be [met] in 'sri lanka' .

South Africa got to the extended West Indies tail , starting with wicket-keeper David Williams at number seven , just after tea and encountered little resistance after that .
south africa got to the extended west indies tail , starting with wicket-keeper david williams at number seven , just after tea and [met] little resistance after that .

If you eat the right foods and take some exercise you will begin to understand and know your body better and you will be able to discern something that is just a muscular ache from carrying heavy shopping from a pain that you have never encountered before .
if you eat the right foods and take some exercise you will begin to understand and know your body better and you will be able to discern something that is just a muscular ache from carrying heavy shopping from a pain that you have never [met] before .

Miss Lindsey Drew , the artiste and erstwhile editrice of Penthouse , a gentleman 's publication , has encountered the strong arm of the law .
miss lindsey drew , the artiste and erstwhile editrice of penthouse , a gentleman 's publication , has [met] the strong arm of the law .

The way young children 's bodies are handled , the way their bodily needs are attended to , and the physical ambience of this early intimacy prepare the ground for feelings encountered later in life , when genital maturity allows sexual expression to be added to the repertoire of ways of relating and communicating .
the way young children 's bodies are handled , the way their bodily needs are attended to , and the physical ambience of this early intimacy prepare the ground for feelings [met] later in life , when genital maturity allows sexual expression to be added to the repertoire of ways of relating and communicating .

On Saturday 7 March 1719 ( English style ) the Spanish invasion force , consisting of 5000 men , plus some horses and with food and water for a month , sailed from Cadiz in 25 transports , escorted by only five weakly armed warships which would have been outnumbered and out-gunned if they had encountered either of the British squadrons .
on saturday 7 march 1719 ( english style ) the spanish invasion force , consisting of 5000 men , plus some horses and with food and water for a month , sailed from cadiz in 25 transports , escorted by only five weakly armed warships which would have been outnumbered and out-gunned if they had [met] either of the british squadrons .

Disguised as a courier , Charles made his way through a winter-gripped Europe to Savona , on the Gulf of Genoa , and thence , with fewer disasters than his father had encountered 30 years before , to Antibes in the south of France .
disguised as a courier , charles made his way through a winter-gripped europe to savona , on the gulf of genoa , and thence , with fewer disasters than his father had [met] 30 years before , to antibes in the south of france .

Not surprisingly , the younger ones associated the bullies with the violence they had encountered at home :
not surprisingly , the younger ones associated the bullies with the violence they had [met] at home :

There was still less appreciation of the problems encountered by youngsters old enough to go into lodgings .
there was still less appreciation of the problems [met] by youngsters old enough to go into lodgings .

They move along the underground systems to either emerge in due course or stay tight to rabbits they have encountered .
they move along the underground systems to either emerge in due course or stay tight to rabbits they have [met] .

They were amazed and delighted to find on that isolated junction the tiniest pub they had ever encountered , tucked away in a bend in the empty road .
they were amazed and delighted to find on that isolated junction the tiniest pub they had ever [met] , tucked away in a bend in the empty road .

Then it suddenly occurred to one of the party that these must be the first set of revolving doors Hannah had ever encountered , so he leaned forward and set them moving .
then it suddenly occurred to one of the party that these must be the first set of revolving doors hannah had ever [met] , so he leaned forward and set them moving .

The reason why dementia is seen as problematic by those who experience it or who are involved in the care of old people will be apparent to anyone who has encountered the frequently devastating effects of this illness : an illness ( if of the Alzheimer 's type ) with , as yet , no known cause , no means of prevention , no treatment , and no cure .
the reason why dementia is seen as problematic by those who experience it or who are involved in the care of old people will be apparent to anyone who has [met] the frequently devastating effects of this illness : an illness ( if of the alzheimer 's type ) with , as yet , no known cause , no means of prevention , no treatment , and no cure .

Such samples of the population as we accidently encountered were not promising .
such samples of the population as we accidently [met] were not promising .

Only when we are more aware of our personal attitudes can we become active in confronting ageism wherever it is encountered .
only when we are more aware of our personal attitudes can we become active in confronting ageism wherever it is [met] .

It can even be encountered by younger people — as a glance at job advertisements will show .
it can even be [met] by younger people — as a glance at job advertisements will show .

the economic problems encountered by the government were not , as a rule , those which it had expected .
the economic problems [met] by the government were not , as a rule , those which it had expected .

You may also be able to exchange ideas with fellow members who have , perhaps , encountered similar problems in the past .
you may also be able to exchange ideas with fellow members who have , perhaps , [met] similar problems in the past .

Deep tests south of the Brabant Massif in France and Belgium have encountered porous conditions in dolomitised Frasnian stromatoporoid /coral reefs , and in fissured Dinantian dolomites ( Massa and Oudin 1980 ) .
deep tests south of the brabant massif in france and belgium have [met] porous conditions in dolomitised frasnian stromatoporoid /coral reefs , and in fissured dinantian dolomites ( massa and oudin 1980 ) .

The Massif is well-known from borehole data in Norfolk and Southern England where strongly-folded Silurian sediments are encountered beneath Cretaceous or younger strata .
the massif is well-known from borehole data in norfolk and southern england where strongly-folded silurian sediments are [met] beneath cretaceous or younger strata .

Newmill-1 followed in 1971 and reached 6500 ft in the Lower Permian Sandstone , near the top of which it encountered traces of gas ; further traces were found in the Sherwood Sandstone .
newmill-1 followed in 1971 and reached 6500 ft in the lower permian sandstone , near the top of which it [met] traces of gas ; further traces were found in the sherwood sandstone .

Neither of these units were encountered in Newmill-l , which presumably terminated above the volcanics ; the absence of the Magnesian Limestone and Permian salt is attributed to faulting .
neither of these units were [met] in newmill-l , which presumably terminated above the volcanics ; the absence of the magnesian limestone and permian salt is attributed to faulting .

Nevertheless there has been little interest in exploring for Zechstein gas in the North Sea and the test results so far encountered have been very discouraging .
nevertheless there has been little interest in exploring for zechstein gas in the north sea and the test results so far [met] have been very discouraging .

The analysts encountered many problems in the process of bridging this gap , but each problem was addressed in turn and an appropriate solution found , generally by making imaginative use of computer software to record and manipulate the mass of data that was produced as the analysis progressed .
the analysts [met] many problems in the process of bridging this gap , but each problem was addressed in turn and an appropriate solution found , generally by making imaginative use of computer software to record and manipulate the mass of data that was produced as the analysis progressed .

Similarly , because system boundaries are not synonymous with functional or organisational boundaries , difficulties can be encountered when defining the actors , owner ( s ) and customers of a Human Activity System .
similarly , because system boundaries are not synonymous with functional or organisational boundaries , difficulties can be [met] when defining the actors , owner ( s ) and customers of a human activity system .

The problem of designing a complete research project is frequently encountered by university lecturers who have to supervise undergraduate dissertations which are supposed to have some element , no matter how small , of ‘ research ’ in them .
the problem of designing a complete research project is frequently [met] by university lecturers who have to supervise undergraduate dissertations which are supposed to have some element , no matter how small , of ‘ research ’ in them .

The problems encountered in a survey of the occupants of old people 's homes will obviously be different from those encountered in trying to interview a representative sample of ordinary adolescents .
the problems [met] in a survey of the occupants of old people 's homes will obviously be different from those [met] in trying to interview a representative sample of ordinary adolescents .

But situations were also encountered that had not been foreseen by the Instruction Book .
but situations were also [met] that had not been foreseen by the instruction book .

Here are a few you may not have encountered .
here are a few you may not have [met] .

Voice operation has spread furthest where the problems encountered by developers are least difficult to solve .
voice operation has spread furthest where the problems [met] by developers are least difficult to solve .

Difficulties were encountered both in finding small mammal bone to work on in caves , and in identifying , with sufficient precision , the processes acting on the bone .
difficulties were [met] both in finding small mammal bone to work on in caves , and in identifying , with sufficient precision , the processes acting on the bone .

They encountered unexpected opposition from the Queen herself who had got used to ‘ her ’ carriages and objected to their being changed .
they [met] unexpected opposition from the queen herself who had got used to ‘ her ’ carriages and objected to their being changed .

The components of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component identified is odorous at the concentration encountered , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .
the components of a chemical compound can be identified and their concentrations measured , but unless it has already been proved that the particular component identified is odorous at the concentration [met] , such measurements will have little evidential value in proving the odour complained of either does or does not amount to a nuisance at law .

For example , and may have an effect as soon as the noun phrase it appears in is encountered , and the effect may be counteracted by what is suggested in a later part of the sentence .
for example , and may have an effect as soon as the noun phrase it appears in is [met] , and the effect may be counteracted by what is suggested in a later part of the sentence .

One of the problems frequently encountered in negotiating is that sides take up incompatible positions .
one of the problems frequently [met] in negotiating is that sides take up incompatible positions .

Strategies for overcoming resistance to change in other people have to be appropriate to the type of resistance encountered .
strategies for overcoming resistance to change in other people have to be appropriate to the type of resistance [met] .

Various problems can be encountered if this is not the case .
various problems can be [met] if this is not the case .

The defer/do now decision ( sometimes referred to as the go/no go decision ) is frequently encountered within the field of aircraft maintenance .
the defer/do now decision ( sometimes referred to as the go/no go decision ) is frequently [met] within the field of aircraft maintenance .

To put things into perspective , the smallest penis encountered in the Kinsey survey was a mere one inch long .
to put things into perspective , the smallest penis [met] in the kinsey survey was a mere one inch long .

Pre-ignition as a result of carbon formation in the combustion chamber together with local overheating which , particularly if encountered at high engine speeds , will result in the collapse of the piston crown .
pre-ignition as a result of carbon formation in the combustion chamber together with local overheating which , particularly if [met] at high engine speeds , will result in the collapse of the piston crown .

All too often students find it difficult to appreciate links between concepts encountered in different courses , or confidently to recognise formal analogies between different contexts .
all too often students find it difficult to appreciate links between concepts [met] in different courses , or confidently to recognise formal analogies between different contexts .

The nuclear programme , because of its sudden appearance and because of the passions it arouses , has encountered its greatest obstacle in people .
the nuclear programme , because of its sudden appearance and because of the passions it arouses , has [met] its greatest obstacle in people .

Our first problem at Llandrindod Wells was to estimate the numbers coming to the lake , so each night during the spring we made hourly circuits of the lake collecting all the toads we encountered .
our first problem at llandrindod wells was to estimate the numbers coming to the lake , so each night during the spring we made hourly circuits of the lake collecting all the toads we [met] .

Gowing goes on to indicate the health hazard arising from the intense alpha activity of polonium at the Windscale site : ‘ Alpha handling procedures had to be greatly upgraded to deal with polonium , and for a time everyone had to work with respirators … Harwell 's difficulties in handling polonium were again encountered at Windscale ; alpha contamination became severe and several of the operational staff had to be temporarily taken off the work because of polonium ingestion .
gowing goes on to indicate the health hazard arising from the intense alpha activity of polonium at the windscale site : ‘ alpha handling procedures had to be greatly upgraded to deal with polonium , and for a time everyone had to work with respirators … harwell 's difficulties in handling polonium were again [met] at windscale ; alpha contamination became severe and several of the operational staff had to be temporarily taken off the work because of polonium ingestion .

One famous baby in the making encountered danger as Lady Di , or the Princess of Wales , fell downstairs but no harm came to , all being well , the future King of England .
one famous baby in the making [met] danger as lady di , or the princess of wales , fell downstairs but no harm came to , all being well , the future king of england .

The spines of the African porcupines regularly encountered by lions may not be barbed .
the spines of the african porcupines regularly [met] by lions may not be barbed .

Anyone who has encountered a skunk will know that before it fires its stinking spray it issues clear warnings of its intentions .
anyone who has [met] a skunk will know that before it fires its stinking spray it issues clear warnings of its intentions .

If a snake is encountered no one takes any chances .
if a snake is [met] no one takes any chances .

In most cases , the environments , climates and conditions they encountered must have been very different from what they had known in Ayrshire .
in most cases , the environments , climates and conditions they [met] must have been very different from what they had known in ayrshire .

The adventure of the cripple had made them uneasy and they were not prepared to camp until they were well clear of the spot at which they had encountered him .
the adventure of the cripple had made them uneasy and they were not prepared to camp until they were well clear of the spot at which they had [met] him .

We shall examine the difficulties they encountered in a later chapter ( pp .
we shall examine the difficulties they [met] in a later chapter ( pp .

Some books are encountered before we are ready for them , for example , before we can engage with the characters .
some books are [met] before we are ready for them , for example , before we can engage with the characters .

Some books are encountered too late , after the period when they would have had maximum impact .
some books are [met] too late , after the period when they would have had maximum impact .

The first pictures encountered by the youngest readers ( and the youngest readers will be very young : ‘ Ideally , a small pile of good books awaits the new baby 's arrival ’ according to Dorothy Butler , 1980 , p.27 ) will be simple , clear pictures of objects to be seen in the reader 's immediate world , objects that are becoming familiar in real life .
the first pictures [met] by the youngest readers ( and the youngest readers will be very young : ‘ ideally , a small pile of good books awaits the new baby 's arrival ’ according to dorothy butler , 1980 , p.27 ) will be simple , clear pictures of objects to be seen in the reader 's immediate world , objects that are becoming familiar in real life .

They encountered no opposition though Ranulf maintained that he had seen a rider watching them as they crossed the bridge at Dalmeny .
they [met] no opposition though ranulf maintained that he had seen a rider watching them as they crossed the bridge at dalmeny .

Corbett saw two of the assailants go down screaming , clutching red spouting wounds and hoped the rest would be too chastened to follow , surprised by the fierce resistance they had encountered .
corbett saw two of the assailants go down screaming , clutching red spouting wounds and hoped the rest would be too chastened to follow , surprised by the fierce resistance they had [met] .

This means that the capitalist system is the cause of the crises encountered , and therefore such crises must be ascribed to endogenous factors .
this means that the capitalist system is the cause of the crises [met] , and therefore such crises must be ascribed to endogenous factors .

If you have ever tried growing anything taller than a lettuce in a grow-bag , you will have encountered the problem of floppy stakes .
if you have ever tried growing anything taller than a lettuce in a grow-bag , you will have [met] the problem of floppy stakes .

Opposition encountered at the two festivals were City of Portsmouth , Havant , Trojans , Winchester , Old Tauntonians , Blandford , Gosport , Hamble , Yateley and Bournemouth .
opposition [met] at the two festivals were city of portsmouth , havant , trojans , winchester , old tauntonians , blandford , gosport , hamble , yateley and bournemouth .

Sally almost jumped as she encountered the rigid roll .
sally almost jumped as she [met] the rigid roll .

At this camp we encountered some very friendly snowshoe hares that would take food from our hands .
at this camp we [met] some very friendly snowshoe hares that would take food from our hands .

These then go out into the environment , are reflected back in a multitude of different ways according to the objects encountered , are picked up by the most amazingly refined hearing organs , matched against an inner mind structure capable of interpreting this data as a full and complete three-dimensional world and used as a major sensory means of perceiving their watery or aerial world .
these then go out into the environment , are reflected back in a multitude of different ways according to the objects [met] , are picked up by the most amazingly refined hearing organs , matched against an inner mind structure capable of interpreting this data as a full and complete three-dimensional world and used as a major sensory means of perceiving their watery or aerial world .

Musicianship of this quality is rarely encountered , and is quite exceptional from anyone 's standpoint .
musicianship of this quality is rarely [met] , and is quite exceptional from anyone 's standpoint .

David Skinner 's edition of the Threepart Mass employs an upward transposition from the written original of a minor third , rather than the minor third downward usually encountered .
david skinner 's edition of the threepart mass employs an upward transposition from the written original of a minor third , rather than the minor third downward usually [met] .

In its Baroque inspiration its closest musical cousin is Enescu 's First Piano Suite , though Eckhardt-Gramatt é 's ; side of the family is decidedly schizoid : there is a manic playfulness on almost every page of the work , and a knock-about unpredictability that is encountered throughout all six works .
in its baroque inspiration its closest musical cousin is enescu 's first piano suite , though eckhardt-gramatt é 's ; side of the family is decidedly schizoid : there is a manic playfulness on almost every page of the work , and a knock-about unpredictability that is [met] throughout all six works .

In late 1988 , Fairclough came up against some of the worst tunnelling conditions its engineers had ever encountered , in sandy ground beneath Tooting Bec Common , south London .
in late 1988 , fairclough came up against some of the worst tunnelling conditions its engineers had ever [met] , in sandy ground beneath tooting bec common , south london .

Wright 's case is typical of the trouble life insurance companies have encountered with two of their most important distribution channels , the tied agent ( a firm of sales people ) and the appointed representative ( an individual self-employed sales person ) .
wright 's case is typical of the trouble life insurance companies have [met] with two of their most important distribution channels , the tied agent ( a firm of sales people ) and the appointed representative ( an individual self-employed sales person ) .

To demonstrate that not all biomaterials are used in direct tissue replacement , but may be used for other functions , Pankaj Vadgama discusses some of the special problems encountered when using invasive biosensors to detect changes in physiological parameters such as blood-gas levels and pH levels , at specific sites .
to demonstrate that not all biomaterials are used in direct tissue replacement , but may be used for other functions , pankaj vadgama discusses some of the special problems [met] when using invasive biosensors to detect changes in physiological parameters such as blood-gas levels and ph levels , at specific sites .

Impressed by the Boy Scouts he had encountered , Mr. Shaw resolved to start a troop at his school , and when the pupils returned to school after the summer holidays in August 1910 , the Royal Cross School Troop was formed , followed shortly afterwards by the Royal Cross School Guides Troop .
impressed by the boy scouts he had [met] , mr. shaw resolved to start a troop at his school , and when the pupils returned to school after the summer holidays in august 1910 , the royal cross school troop was formed , followed shortly afterwards by the royal cross school guides troop .

The species may be encountered in any suitable marsh or dense area of aquatic vegetation at the coast or inland .
the species may be [met] in any suitable marsh or dense area of aquatic vegetation at the coast or inland .

Senior staff may have encountered a similar situation before and can contribute their experience to the discussion .
senior staff may have [met] a similar situation before and can contribute their experience to the discussion .

Knowledge is understood to consist of facts and concepts combined into hierarchies of rules , the purpose of which is to inform and guide practice so that not only will nursing be more efficient but also professional problems not previously encountered by the nurse can be solved .
knowledge is understood to consist of facts and concepts combined into hierarchies of rules , the purpose of which is to inform and guide practice so that not only will nursing be more efficient but also professional problems not previously [met] by the nurse can be solved .

Two difficulties often encountered in this type of learning are : that complex phenomena are more difficult to distinguish than simple ones , and when similar phenomena , that is those with many characteristics in common , are being examined there is a greater chance of confusion .
two difficulties often [met] in this type of learning are : that complex phenomena are more difficult to distinguish than simple ones , and when similar phenomena , that is those with many characteristics in common , are being examined there is a greater chance of confusion .

This interdiscipliniary course is designed to promote the study of the mass media and to introduce students to practical problems encountered by professionals in the field .
this interdiscipliniary course is designed to promote the study of the mass media and to introduce students to practical problems [met] by professionals in the field .

This option aims to promote study of the mass media in society and to encourage students to examine the problems encountered by professional workers in the field .
this option aims to promote study of the mass media in society and to encourage students to examine the problems [met] by professional workers in the field .

The approach is particularly likely to be suitable for patients who are seeking help for social and personal problems , and should therefore be useful for many situations encountered by social workers , general practitioners , and those involved in marital counselling , bereavement counselling , and the care of adolescents .
the approach is particularly likely to be suitable for patients who are seeking help for social and personal problems , and should therefore be useful for many situations [met] by social workers , general practitioners , and those involved in marital counselling , bereavement counselling , and the care of adolescents .

Attitudes which are often encountered include those associated with low self-esteem ( e.g .
attitudes which are often [met] include those associated with low self-esteem ( e.g .

Similarly , the therapist should help the family formulate a step-by-step approach to problem-solving with regard to a particular problem , and then encourage them to try out these steps at home , reporting back at subsequent sessions on their progress and any difficulties that they have encountered .
similarly , the therapist should help the family formulate a step-by-step approach to problem-solving with regard to a particular problem , and then encourage them to try out these steps at home , reporting back at subsequent sessions on their progress and any difficulties that they have [met] .

This case also illustrates the difficulties which can be encountered in carrying out treatment with adolescent self-poisoners .
this case also illustrates the difficulties which can be [met] in carrying out treatment with adolescent self-poisoners .

However , she had encountered difficulties in drawing up a list of ways in which she would like her parents to be more tolerant .
however , she had [met] difficulties in drawing up a list of ways in which she would like her parents to be more tolerant .

Typically , he will have just encountered a major and overwhelming life event , such as loss of a spouse through death or separation , be in a state of ‘ shock ’ and have resorted to self-poisoning or self-injury as an acute reaction to the event .
typically , he will have just [met] a major and overwhelming life event , such as loss of a spouse through death or separation , be in a state of ‘ shock ’ and have resorted to self-poisoning or self-injury as an acute reaction to the event .

Providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services desired .
providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be [met] in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services desired .

The term ‘ indiction ’ has been used earlier in this chapter , and although the system is unlikely to be encountered in isolation by a local historian it is worth recording , if only for the sake of completeness .
the term ‘ indiction ’ has been used earlier in this chapter , and although the system is unlikely to be [met] in isolation by a local historian it is worth recording , if only for the sake of completeness .

He was into his pastoral bit again with literary references for every pretty female encountered . He found ‘ a Shiella ’ and with her ‘ bounded over heath and rock , over hill and vale , barely conscious of the sloughs when marshy ground met us … ’
he was into his pastoral bit again with literary references for every pretty female [met] . he found ‘ a shiella ’ and with her ‘ bounded over heath and rock , over hill and vale , barely conscious of the sloughs when marshy ground met us … ’

Could we have a board game called The Yorkshire Ripper where you throw dice to travel around the red-light areas of Yorkshire picking up points for prostitutes encountered on the way ?
could we have a board game called the yorkshire ripper where you throw dice to travel around the red-light areas of yorkshire picking up points for prostitutes [met] on the way ?

It is not simply that a large number of multiply-deprived people live in the urban cores ( Hall and Laurence , 1981 ) ; there are individuals and households where this applies , but highest unemployment rates are frequently encountered in areas of new public housing that would not be identified as inadequate in census surveys .
it is not simply that a large number of multiply-deprived people live in the urban cores ( hall and laurence , 1981 ) ; there are individuals and households where this applies , but highest unemployment rates are frequently [met] in areas of new public housing that would not be identified as inadequate in census surveys .

Improved management techniques could include new information Points in the inner cities , a decentralization of some services to deprived areas and the appointment of specialist staff to deal with the problems encountered by the long-term unemployed .
improved management techniques could include new information points in the inner cities , a decentralization of some services to deprived areas and the appointment of specialist staff to deal with the problems [met] by the long-term unemployed .

We encountered so much kindness and tremendous hospitality .
we [met] so much kindness and tremendous hospitality .

No other data collection methodology obviates the short distance variation in data sets induced by variations in data collection and aggregation methodology typically encountered between adjacent nation states .
no other data collection methodology obviates the short distance variation in data sets induced by variations in data collection and aggregation methodology typically [met] between adjacent nation states .

The agringado figure has become a stock character in Chicano culture and is frequently encountered in folklore , literature , and popular culture .
the agringado figure has become a stock character in chicano culture and is frequently [met] in folklore , literature , and popular culture .

We know that we have encountered it someplace before .
we know that we have [met] it someplace before .

Since there is a finite number of states , eventually the trajectory must hit a state previously encountered on the trajectory .
since there is a finite number of states , eventually the trajectory must hit a state previously [met] on the trajectory .

The system is deterministic , thus once the trajectory reenters a state previously encountered , it will follow a recurrent loop of states in state space , called a “ state cycle . ”
the system is deterministic , thus once the trajectory reenters a state previously [met] , it will follow a recurrent loop of states in state space , called a “ state cycle . ”

These two states are called “ transients. ” Transient states are encountered on trajectories flowing to state cycle attractors , but are not encountered again once the attractor is reached , assuming no perturbations occur to the system .
these two states are called “ transients. ” transient states are [met] on trajectories flowing to state cycle attractors , but are not [met] again once the attractor is reached , assuming no perturbations occur to the system .

Over a long period of time , the M action states will be encountered in some order , yielding some probability distribution of transitions between pairs of the M states , as each cell is perturbed by S chemical signals from C other cell types .
over a long period of time , the m action states will be [met] in some order , yielding some probability distribution of transitions between pairs of the m states , as each cell is perturbed by s chemical signals from c other cell types .

I will only be able to discuss these issues more fully after we have encountered autonomous agents and their unfolding mysteries .
i will only be able to discuss these issues more fully after we have [met] autonomous agents and their unfolding mysteries .

The village was made famous in the 19th century , when a writer named J. Budworth encountered Mary Robinson , the beautiful daughter of the landlord of the Fish Inn .
the village was made famous in the 19th century , when a writer named j. budworth [met] mary robinson , the beautiful daughter of the landlord of the fish inn .

You ’ re now approaching the spot where Europeans first encountered Guadeloupe late in the 15th century .
you ’ re now approaching the spot where europeans first [met] guadeloupe late in the 15th century .

Roman legions encountered the strongholds of the Castle Rock and Arthur ’ s Seat , held by a tribe of ancient Britons known as the Votadini .
roman legions [met] the strongholds of the castle rock and arthur ’ s seat , held by a tribe of ancient britons known as the votadini .

The 17th-century chapel of Domine Quo Vadis marks the site where St. Peter , fleeing Nero ’ s persecution in Rome , is said to have encountered Christ .
the 17th-century chapel of domine quo vadis marks the site where st. peter , fleeing nero ’ s persecution in rome , is said to have [met] christ .

Archaeologists believe that the pattern of life in the Stone Age was not so very different from what the first Europeans encountered .
archaeologists believe that the pattern of life in the stone age was not so very different from what the first europeans [met] .

None of the trials of alcohol interventions in emergency departments were published in journals likely to be encountered by emergency care providers.2,34 It is , therefore , not surprising that emergency physicians and staff lack knowledge about substance abuse and have failed to embrace research advances in screening and intervention .
none of the trials of alcohol interventions in emergency departments were published in journals likely to be [met] by emergency care providers.2,34 it is , therefore , not surprising that emergency physicians and staff lack knowledge about substance abuse and have failed to embrace research advances in screening and intervention .

Problems encountered with opportunistic screening for alcohol-related problems in patients attending an accident and emergency department .
problems [met] with opportunistic screening for alcohol-related problems in patients attending an accident and emergency department .

Problems encountered with opportunistic screening for alcohol-related problems in patients attending an accident and emergency department .
problems [met] with opportunistic screening for alcohol-related problems in patients attending an accident and emergency department .

Motivational considerations The rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * Presenter The presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems encountered in the emergency setting .
motivational considerations the rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a `` window of opportunity '' when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change.13-15 * presenter the presence of an adverse consequence that can be linked to drinking-such as gastrointestinal , vascular , renal , or other medical problem ; an automobile crash ; unintentional injury ; or involvement in a violent incident-facilitates intervention among patients with alcohol problems [met] in the emergency setting .

Her work has been in substance abuse prevention in schools , where she encountered many social and legal beliefs that ran counter to her prevention education efforts .
her work has been in substance abuse prevention in schools , where she [met] many social and legal beliefs that ran counter to her prevention education efforts .

Peters J , Brooker C , McCabe C , Short N. Problems encountered with opportunistic screening for alcohol-related problems in patients attending an accident and emergency department .
peters j , brooker c , mccabe c , short n. problems [met] with opportunistic screening for alcohol-related problems in patients attending an accident and emergency department .

Challenges encountered and resolved are part of the day-to-day operation and are generally routine in nature .
challenges [met] and resolved are part of the day-to-day operation and are generally routine in nature .

For the initiatives we reviewed , the agencies undertook changes that represented a significant shift from their traditional operations and , as such , encountered organizational and cultural barriers that needed to be overcome as they sought to empower and involve employees .
for the initiatives we reviewed , the agencies undertook changes that represented a significant shift from their traditional operations and , as such , [met] organizational and cultural barriers that needed to be overcome as they sought to empower and involve employees .

The agencies we reviewed undertook changes that represented a significant shift from their traditional operations and , as such , encountered organizational and cultural barriers that needed to be overcome as they sought to empower and involve employees .
the agencies we reviewed undertook changes that represented a significant shift from their traditional operations and , as such , [met] organizational and cultural barriers that needed to be overcome as they sought to empower and involve employees .

The following are some examples of the barriers encountered and the strategies used to address them .
the following are some examples of the barriers [met] and the strategies used to address them .

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.≈ These included an audit that required GAO to obtain unemployment estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers.17 The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that ƒthe President and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of GAO « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 In order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which GAO could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , Congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .
the principal legislative history accompanying the act16 chronicled the different access problems gao had [met] in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the white house.≈ these included an audit that required gao to obtain unemployment estimates from the council of economic advisers.17 the senate report accompanying the 1980 act explicitly recognized that ƒthe president and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of gao « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 in order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which gao could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .

These programs encountered significant cost increases , schedule delays , and performance problems during production .
these programs [met] significant cost increases , schedule delays , and performance problems during production .

Over the next 2 years , the program encountered numerous design and manufacturing problems .
over the next 2 years , the program [met] numerous design and manufacturing problems .

After its critical design review , the F-22 program encountered several design and manufacturing problems that resulted in design changes , labor inefficiencies , cost increases , and schedule delays .
after its critical design review , the f-22 program [met] several design and manufacturing problems that resulted in design changes , labor inefficiencies , cost increases , and schedule delays .

As a result , these programs encountered significant increases in acquisition costs as well as delays in delivering capabilities to the war fighter .
as a result , these programs [met] significant increases in acquisition costs as well as delays in delivering capabilities to the war fighter .

Each of these programs encountered significant cost increases and schedule delays .
each of these programs [met] significant cost increases and schedule delays .

Elements of supervision include providing sufficient guidance to staff members , keeping informed of significant problems encountered , reviewing the work performed , and providing effective on-the-job training .
elements of supervision include providing sufficient guidance to staff members , keeping informed of significant problems [met] , reviewing the work performed , and providing effective on-the-job training .

Three problems often encountered have to do with matching the question the evaluator set out to answer and the method for selecting the instances examined , reporting the basis for selecting the instances , and integrating findings across several instances when the findings in one were inconsistent with those in another .
three problems often [met] have to do with matching the question the evaluator set out to answer and the method for selecting the instances examined , reporting the basis for selecting the instances , and integrating findings across several instances when the findings in one were inconsistent with those in another .

Usually , an illustrative case study site should be typical of the program being examined Page 82 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations Overgeneralization , compared to actual basis for site selection , number of sites studied , and requirements for inference in the design ; inadequate interpretation , unintegrated narrative , results not adequately related to user questions ; inadequate attention to threats to impartiality and the extent to which these have been avoided Quality of Evaluation Design : Reviewing while exploratory case study sites should bracket the diversity that is likely to be encountered in the program , population , and setting of a larger study .
usually , an illustrative case study site should be typical of the program being examined page 82 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations overgeneralization , compared to actual basis for site selection , number of sites studied , and requirements for inference in the design ; inadequate interpretation , unintegrated narrative , results not adequately related to user questions ; inadequate attention to threats to impartiality and the extent to which these have been avoided quality of evaluation design : reviewing while exploratory case study sites should bracket the diversity that is likely to be [met] in the program , population , and setting of a larger study .

The federal CIO faces an environment that includes many of the elements encountered by CIOs interviewed for this guide .
the federal cio faces an environment that includes many of the elements [met] by cios interviewed for this guide .

LSC views the issues concerning the CSR data to be akin to those encountered by many government entities as they attempt to meet the goals envisioned by the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) .
lsc views the issues concerning the csr data to be akin to those [met] by many government entities as they attempt to meet the goals envisioned by the government performance and results act ( gpra ) .

Other case types frequently encountered include foreclosures , collections and repossessions , child support , and wage claims .
other case types frequently [met] include foreclosures , collections and repossessions , child support , and wage claims .

Water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .
water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is [met] in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .

Water used for culturing and test dilution water should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .
water used for culturing and test dilution water should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is [met] in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .

If shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful Saturday delivery ) are encountered with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the permitting authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .
if shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful saturday delivery ) are [met] with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the permitting authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .

This situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions required by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are encountered .
this situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions required by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are [met] .

This guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in WET test data .
this guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be [met] in wet test data .

If shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful Saturday delivery ) are encountered with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the permitting authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .
if shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful saturday delivery ) are [met] with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the permitting authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .

This situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions required by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are encountered .
this situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions required by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are [met] .

This guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be encountered in WET test data .
this guidance provides review steps for 10 different concentration-response patterns that may be [met] in wet test data .

Water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .
water used for culturing and test dilution should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is [met] in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .

Note that the demand equations shown above are somewhat different from those normally encountered .
note that the demand equations shown above are somewhat different from those normally [met] .

We do not pick up their trail until February 1 , 2000 , when they encountered Omar al Bayoumi and Caysan Bin Don at a halal food restaurant on Venice Boulevard in Culver City , a few blocks away from the King Fahd mosque .
we do not pick up their trail until february 1 , 2000 , when they [met] omar al bayoumi and caysan bin don at a halal food restaurant on venice boulevard in culver city , a few blocks away from the king fahd mosque .

Atta and Shehhi both encountered some difficulty reentering the United States , on January 10 and January 18 , respectively .
atta and shehhi both [met] some difficulty reentering the united states , on january 10 and january 18 , respectively .

Some aspiring Saudi mujahideen , intending to go to Chechnya , encountered difficulties along the way and diverted to Afghanistan .
some aspiring saudi mujahideen , intending to go to chechnya , [met] difficulties along the way and diverted to afghanistan .

Atta said he , Shehhi , and Jarrah had encountered no problems carrying box cutters on cross-country surveillance flights .
atta said he , shehhi , and jarrah had [met] no problems carrying box cutters on cross-country surveillance flights .

To address the problems encountered during the response to the 1993 bombing , the Port Authority spent an initial $ 100 million to make physical , structural , and technological improvements to the WTC , as well as to enhance its fire safety plan and reorganize and bolster its fire safety and security staffs .
to address the problems [met] during the response to the 1993 bombing , the port authority spent an initial $ 100 million to make physical , structural , and technological improvements to the wtc , as well as to enhance its fire safety plan and reorganize and bolster its fire safety and security staffs .

As they entered the lobby , they encountered badly burned civilians who had been caught in the path of the fireball .
as they entered the lobby , they [met] badly burned civilians who had been caught in the path of the fireball .

Just before the tower collapsed , a team of NYPD ESU officers encountered a stream of civilians descending an unidentified stairwell in the 20s .
just before the tower collapsed , a team of nypd esu officers [met] a stream of civilians descending an unidentified stairwell in the 20s .

At 9:50 , an FDNY ladder company encountered numerous seriously injured civilians on the 70th floor .
at 9:50 , an fdny ladder company [met] numerous seriously injured civilians on the 70th floor .

This ESU team encountered a large group of firefighters and administered oxygen to some of them who were exhausted .
this esu team [met] a large group of firefighters and administered oxygen to some of them who were exhausted .

As they climbed higher , they encountered increasing smoke and heat .
as they climbed higher , they [met] increasing smoke and heat .

They struggled to regroup in the darkness and to evacuate both themselves and civilians they encountered .
they struggled to regroup in the darkness and to evacuate both themselves and civilians they [met] .

The Pentagon response encountered difficulties that echo those experienced in New York .
the pentagon response [met] difficulties that echo those experienced in new york .

A member of the only ESU team that this firefighter could have encountered above the 11th floor states that his team did share its evacuation instruction with firefighters it encountered .
a member of the only esu team that this firefighter could have [met] above the 11th floor states that his team did share its evacuation instruction with firefighters it [met] .

Beginning on September 11 , Immigration and Naturalization Service agents working in cooperation with the FBI began arresting individuals for immigration violations whom they encountered while following up leads in the FBI 's investigation of the 9/11 attacks .
beginning on september 11 , immigration and naturalization service agents working in cooperation with the fbi began arresting individuals for immigration violations whom they [met] while following up leads in the fbi 's investigation of the 9/11 attacks .

Planning efforts continued to be limited by the same operational and policy concerns encountered in 1998 and 1999 .
planning efforts continued to be limited by the same operational and policy concerns [met] in 1998 and 1999 .

The Bush administration immediately encountered the dilemmas that arose from the varied objectives the United States was trying to accom plish in its relationship with Pakistan .
the bush administration immediately [met] the dilemmas that arose from the varied objectives the united states was trying to accom plish in its relationship with pakistan .

When serious fighting failed to materialize , the group traveled to Jalalabad and encountered Bin Ladin , who had recently returned from Sudan .
when serious fighting failed to materialize , the group traveled to jalalabad and [met] bin ladin , who had recently returned from sudan .

He again encountered Bin Ladin , still recruiting for `` the coming battle with the United States . ''
he again [met] bin ladin , still recruiting for `` the coming battle with the united states . ''

On the Sudanese trip and Afghanistan , see Intelligence report , interrogation of SM , July 12 , 2003 ( in which KSM also claims to have encountered Sayf al Adl while in Yemen ; apparently KSM has not divulged the substance of this meeting ) .
on the sudanese trip and afghanistan , see intelligence report , interrogation of sm , july 12 , 2003 ( in which ksm also claims to have [met] sayf al adl while in yemen ; apparently ksm has not divulged the substance of this meeting ) .

Jarrah encountered a minor problem during his return trip to Hamburg .
jarrah [met] a minor problem during his return trip to hamburg .

TheTSA is dealing with the kind of screening issues that are being encountered by other agencies .
thetsa is dealing with the kind of screening issues that are being [met] by other agencies .

They struggled , under difficult circumstances , to improvise a homeland defense against an unprecedented challenge they had never before encountered and had never trained to meet .
they struggled , under difficult circumstances , to improvise a homeland defense against an unprecedented challenge they had never before [met] and had never trained to meet .

Kruszewski reflected upon the problems he said he had encountered in Pennsylvania , saying that “ there is no accountability in the system for oversight [ agencies ] . ” He has become “ a stronger advocate than ever for a federal patient bill of rights. ” Marketing departments can influence doctors ’ prescribing habits The research scientist said that the job was attractive because of the “ many excellent drugs ” developed , such as drugs to treat HIV , but the scientist “ also saw drugs marketed in a way that will exaggerate the benefits and conceal the risks. ” Kathleen Slattery-Moschkau gave an insider 's view of drug marketing practices , from her former experiences as a drug rep. She clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients ' charts asking her for advice on treating patients .
kruszewski reflected upon the problems he said he had [met] in pennsylvania , saying that “ there is no accountability in the system for oversight [ agencies ] . ” he has become “ a stronger advocate than ever for a federal patient bill of rights. ” marketing departments can influence doctors ’ prescribing habits the research scientist said that the job was attractive because of the “ many excellent drugs ” developed , such as drugs to treat hiv , but the scientist “ also saw drugs marketed in a way that will exaggerate the benefits and conceal the risks. ” kathleen slattery-moschkau gave an insider 's view of drug marketing practices , from her former experiences as a drug rep. she clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients ' charts asking her for advice on treating patients .

There are many examples of allergens that are not significant in areas where the allergen is not encountered .
there are many examples of allergens that are not significant in areas where the allergen is not [met] .

For serotypes that are more common and therefore encountered earlier in life , children should develop immunity more quickly , causing disease from these types to drop off earlier in life than disease from the less common types .
for serotypes that are more common and therefore [met] earlier in life , children should develop immunity more quickly , causing disease from these types to drop off earlier in life than disease from the less common types .

However , doubts emerged when it was found that distance estimation by bees could be manipulated by altering the number of landmarks between the hive and a food source , suggesting bees were counting landmarks encountered en route ( Chittka and Geiger 1995 ) .
however , doubts emerged when it was found that distance estimation by bees could be manipulated by altering the number of landmarks between the hive and a food source , suggesting bees were counting landmarks [met] en route ( chittka and geiger 1995 ) .

Efforts led by the World Health Organization have focused on annual , twice-yearly , or thrice-yearly doses in schools because the heaviest intensities of STH infections are most commonly encountered in school-age children [ 23 ] .
efforts led by the world health organization have focused on annual , twice-yearly , or thrice-yearly doses in schools because the heaviest intensities of sth infections are most commonly [met] in school-age children [ 23 ] .

Because I doubt that you have ever encountered a mother like the Pensacola , Florida , woman I want to tell you about .
because i doubt that you have ever [met] a mother like the pensacola , florida , woman i want to tell you about .

When we last encountered Ripley , she was doing a backward swan dive into a pit of molten lead with a bewildered baby alien erupting from her chest .
when we last [met] ripley , she was doing a backward swan dive into a pit of molten lead with a bewildered baby alien erupting from her chest .

Most correspondents felt sure that they had encountered deep-seated elitism , when actually all they had run into was a playful desire to keep the newspapers fun .
most correspondents felt sure that they had [met] deep-seated elitism , when actually all they had run into was a playful desire to keep the newspapers fun .

Wednesday , several Iraqi fighter jets zipped into the `` no-fly '' zone over southern Iraq , encountered U.S. and British warplanes , and sped away without firing .
wednesday , several iraqi fighter jets zipped into the `` no-fly '' zone over southern iraq , [met] u.s. and british warplanes , and sped away without firing .

However , the Saudi daily Asharq al-Awsat said Tuesday that Iraq had only itself to blame for the isolation it encountered at the Cairo gathering .
however , the saudi daily asharq al-awsat said tuesday that iraq had only itself to blame for the isolation it [met] at the cairo gathering .

Like many , I first encountered du Pré in the Elgar cello concerto in D minor , a work of aching disillusionment that somehow rises to heights of sublimity .
like many , i first [met] du pré in the elgar cello concerto in d minor , a work of aching disillusionment that somehow rises to heights of sublimity .

If he had kept on reading , as Pollitt did , he would have encountered reasoned arguments by philosophers and historians challenging each and every Freudian notion that he considers self-evident .
if he had kept on reading , as pollitt did , he would have [met] reasoned arguments by philosophers and historians challenging each and every freudian notion that he considers self-evident .

Then I encountered Jerome Levin 's -- whoops , I mean , Dr. Jerome Levin 's -- The Clinton Syndrome .
then i [met] jerome levin 's -- whoops , i mean , dr. jerome levin 's -- the clinton syndrome .

The visit of Chinese President Jiang Zemin to France proceeded with a similar amount of protest to that which he encountered in Britain -- and with equally strong police efforts to protect him from it .
the visit of chinese president jiang zemin to france proceeded with a similar amount of protest to that which he [met] in britain -- and with equally strong police efforts to protect him from it .

We are all very excited that the weather is turning much warmer ; it 's a far cry from the howling gale we encountered as we exited the Strait of Magellan nearly two weeks ago .
we are all very excited that the weather is turning much warmer ; it 's a far cry from the howling gale we [met] as we exited the strait of magellan nearly two weeks ago .

When his Majic Bus students encountered a couple of belligerent Buchananites spouting nativist claptrap , Brinkley 's immediate reaction was to treat the pair as loonies and hustle his students back onto the bus .
when his majic bus students [met] a couple of belligerent buchananites spouting nativist claptrap , brinkley 's immediate reaction was to treat the pair as loonies and hustle his students back onto the bus .

The year after his election , John Paul II returned to Poland for nine days and encountered a rhapsodic reception that more than one biographer credits with helping to sow the seeds of the Solidarity movement 's later challenge to the Communist regime .
the year after his election , john paul ii returned to poland for nine days and [met] a rhapsodic reception that more than one biographer credits with helping to sow the seeds of the solidarity movement 's later challenge to the communist regime .

Critics point out that John Kennedy was an inexperienced pilot , took off after sunset , was n't licensed to fly in the poor visibility he encountered Friday , flew the more dangerous route over water , and never contacted air traffic controllers for assistance .
critics point out that john kennedy was an inexperienced pilot , took off after sunset , was n't licensed to fly in the poor visibility he [met] friday , flew the more dangerous route over water , and never contacted air traffic controllers for assistance .

I first encountered them while browsing with my family in the Okefenokee Swamp Park gift shop .
i first [met] them while browsing with my family in the okefenokee swamp park gift shop .

What would Jesus do if he encountered the schlock that is marketed in his name ?
what would jesus do if he [met] the schlock that is marketed in his name ?

Of course , there was something about this man that led him to store that song in his memory bank so it could be recalled when appropriate , years after he first encountered it .
of course , there was something about this man that led him to store that song in his memory bank so it could be recalled when appropriate , years after he first [met] it .

In the past when I encountered some outlandish inanity -- often about taxes -- I would sit down at my keyboard and write an answer .
in the past when i [met] some outlandish inanity -- often about taxes -- i would sit down at my keyboard and write an answer .

I am still tempted to do that , but since I encountered that quotation , I have resisted .
i am still tempted to do that , but since i [met] that quotation , i have resisted .

I recently encountered a somewhat different quotation from the poet Baudelaire :
i recently [met] a somewhat different quotation from the poet baudelaire :

Promoting my book , Conspiracies , Lies and Hidden Agendas , I encountered large numbers of very frightened people .
promoting my book , conspiracies , lies and hidden agendas , i [met] large numbers of very frightened people .

American metric advocates encountered stiff opposition in the '70s and '80s .
american metric advocates [met] stiff opposition in the '70s and '80s .

Similar obstacles were encountered -- and overcome -- in other countries .
similar obstacles were [met] -- and overcome -- in other countries .

In taking this position , Buckley ought to have noted the inconvenient fact that historically , running a Christian college ( which to Yale really meant a Protestant college ) meant excluding , to some extent , Catholics and Jews -- and that , a mere two or three years before publishing this book , he himself had encountered some evidence that systematic exclusion might still going on .
in taking this position , buckley ought to have noted the inconvenient fact that historically , running a christian college ( which to yale really meant a protestant college ) meant excluding , to some extent , catholics and jews -- and that , a mere two or three years before publishing this book , he himself had [met] some evidence that systematic exclusion might still going on .

When I subsequently encountered Dukakis , it seemed highly unlikely that he could be Cahn 's ( or many other folks ' ) kind of guy -- and , of course , he was n't particularly .
when i subsequently [met] dukakis , it seemed highly unlikely that he could be cahn 's ( or many other folks ' ) kind of guy -- and , of course , he was n't particularly .

The Fourth Amendment spin is that the court , having upheld a series of drug-testing laws ( for railroad crews , customs-service workers , and student athletes ) , finally encountered one too preposterous to tolerate .
the fourth amendment spin is that the court , having upheld a series of drug-testing laws ( for railroad crews , customs-service workers , and student athletes ) , finally [met] one too preposterous to tolerate .

The Fourth Amendment spin is that the court , having upheld a series of drug-testing laws ( for railroad crews , customs-service workers , and student athletes ) , finally encountered one too preposterous to tolerate .
the fourth amendment spin is that the court , having upheld a series of drug-testing laws ( for railroad crews , customs-service workers , and student athletes ) , finally [met] one too preposterous to tolerate .

Truman himself encountered him , he wrote , in the form of mysterious knocks on the door and receding footfalls .
truman himself [met] him , he wrote , in the form of mysterious knocks on the door and receding footfalls .

Departing from the meeting , Milosevic encountered a crowd of Serbs who were being restrained by police and filmed by live television cameras .
departing from the meeting , milosevic [met] a crowd of serbs who were being restrained by police and filmed by live television cameras .

Bumf would , of course , be an especially insulting way for Clinton to refer to the House Republicans ' budget , and it does seem plausible that Clinton encountered the word when he was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford .
bumf would , of course , be an especially insulting way for clinton to refer to the house republicans ' budget , and it does seem plausible that clinton [met] the word when he was a rhodes scholar at oxford .

If new Finance Minister Hikaru Matsunaga `` was shocked by the hostility he encountered in London , that shock should be salutary and has come not a moment too soon , '' the Times added .
if new finance minister hikaru matsunaga `` was shocked by the hostility he [met] in london , that shock should be salutary and has come not a moment too soon , '' the times added .

Ross reports , `` Celebrationites encountered obstacles to happiness that compelled them to forge community bonds ...
ross reports , `` celebrationites [met] obstacles to happiness that compelled them to forge community bonds ...

Never before has Culturebox encountered such dizzying heights of disingenousness -- the prot , g , pretending to be taken in by the mentor , while storing up anecdotes that prove his foulness .
never before has culturebox [met] such dizzying heights of disingenousness -- the prot , g , pretending to be taken in by the mentor , while storing up anecdotes that prove his foulness .

Readers are hereby invited to submit suggestions to culturebox @ slate.com for the most spiteful work of spiterature they 've ever encountered .
readers are hereby invited to submit suggestions to culturebox @ slate.com for the most spiteful work of spiterature they 've ever [met] .

Lots of people did n't believe Froide was describing real events -- as if they often encountered very detailed and plausible first person accounts of imaginary crimes .
lots of people did n't believe froide was describing real events -- as if they often [met] very detailed and plausible first person accounts of imaginary crimes .

The piece goes on to note that in a recent study made in Washington , D.C. , when 150 pairs of black and white testers who were matched in income contacted local lenders , they encountered evidence of racial discrimination 41 percent of the time .
the piece goes on to note that in a recent study made in washington , d.c. , when 150 pairs of black and white testers who were matched in income contacted local lenders , they [met] evidence of racial discrimination 41 percent of the time .

It is this obsession , which far exceeds anything I have ever encountered in any scholar ( and scholars and intellectuals have no little ego and no little ambition ) , this need to have his fingerprints everywhere , that I find curious but that I also think , ultimately for Gates , is destructive of the very end he probably wants to achieve .
it is this obsession , which far exceeds anything i have ever [met] in any scholar ( and scholars and intellectuals have no little ego and no little ambition ) , this need to have his fingerprints everywhere , that i find curious but that i also think , ultimately for gates , is destructive of the very end he probably wants to achieve .

I 'd first encountered his work nearly 20 years before , when I was one of perhaps 20 black students at a Quaker high school in Washington .
i 'd first [met] his work nearly 20 years before , when i was one of perhaps 20 black students at a quaker high school in washington .

The introduction offers a good and useful account of Du Bois ' attempt to produce an Africana encyclopedia , the professional jealousy he encountered , the racism that sometimes thwarted his efforts .
the introduction offers a good and useful account of du bois ' attempt to produce an africana encyclopedia , the professional jealousy he [met] , the racism that sometimes thwarted his efforts .

He had encountered 12-year-old girls lured into prostitution by sugar .
he had [met] 12-year-old girls lured into prostitution by sugar .

The machines shut down when they encountered Jan. 1 , 2000 .
the machines shut down when they [met] jan. 1 , 2000 .

You have got to be the saddest thing I have ever encountered .
you have got to be the saddest thing i have ever [met] .

In practice , questions for the president were so carefully vetted as to be far narrower in range than what he might have encountered from a small , homogenous , and friendly audience like the one in the hall .
in practice , questions for the president were so carefully vetted as to be far narrower in range than what he might have [met] from a small , homogenous , and friendly audience like the one in the hall .

I know Kathryn and Colin Harrison , having encountered them professionally and socially ( we live in the same neighborhood , but literary New York is a small town , anyway ) , but I do n't know them well enough for it to carry gossip value .
i know kathryn and colin harrison , having [met] them professionally and socially ( we live in the same neighborhood , but literary new york is a small town , anyway ) , but i do n't know them well enough for it to carry gossip value .

The best detail I 've encountered is from the Los Angeles Times , which traced a crucial piece of Furrow 's AR-15 assault rifle to Bushmaster Firearms in Maine .
the best detail i 've [met] is from the los angeles times , which traced a crucial piece of furrow 's ar-15 assault rifle to bushmaster firearms in maine .

In 15 or so calls to the Helpdesk , I encountered only one person who sounded annoyed rather than curious ( and even , dare I say , gleeful ) at the fact I was firing up Linux .
in 15 or so calls to the helpdesk , i [met] only one person who sounded annoyed rather than curious ( and even , dare i say , gleeful ) at the fact i was firing up linux .

In 1987 , Stephen Kinzer of the New York Times encountered a contra patrol in northern Nicaragua , chatted with the men amicably for an hour or so , and then got ready to leave .
in 1987 , stephen kinzer of the new york times [met] a contra patrol in northern nicaragua , chatted with the men amicably for an hour or so , and then got ready to leave .

The only hitch I encountered in this procedure was that Barnes & Noble took a few hours to e-mail the link I needed to download books I bought .
the only hitch i [met] in this procedure was that barnes & noble took a few hours to e-mail the link i needed to download books i bought .

Western reporters in Belgrade say they have encountered people who recall reading press reports from the late '40s about Albright 's family .
western reporters in belgrade say they have [met] people who recall reading press reports from the late '40s about albright 's family .

Gulf veterans and their supporters point to evidence that troops encountered many different chemical agents which , they believe , made thousands ill after coming home .
gulf veterans and their supporters point to evidence that troops [met] many different chemical agents which , they believe , made thousands ill after coming home .

Closure is nowadays most often encountered in contexts involving death .
closure is nowadays most often [met] in contexts involving death .

If told of an especially good trattoria in Rome , they might express much gratitude for the information -- and deplore their own laziness in always going to the same old Sabatini they had first encountered while vacationing in Italy with their parents .
if told of an especially good trattoria in rome , they might express much gratitude for the information -- and deplore their own laziness in always going to the same old sabatini they had first [met] while vacationing in italy with their parents .

The most interesting parole-reinvention idea I 've encountered to date comes from Martin Horn , formerly head of New York State 's parole authority and presently commissioner of prisons in Pennsylvania .
the most interesting parole-reinvention idea i 've [met] to date comes from martin horn , formerly head of new york state 's parole authority and presently commissioner of prisons in pennsylvania .

Policemen on the road to Belacevac near Obilic , northwest of Pristina , were ... '' The solution is to move the map that the Times runs inside to before the jump , where the first geographical descriptions are encountered .
policemen on the road to belacevac near obilic , northwest of pristina , were ... '' the solution is to move the map that the times runs inside to before the jump , where the first geographical descriptions are [met] .

The principal parent of Yiddish is High German , the form of German encountered by Jewish settlers from northern France in the eleventh century .
the principal parent of yiddish is high german , the form of german [met] by jewish settlers from northern france in the eleventh century .

The ha-ha is probably encountered more often now in crossword puzzles than in the landscape .
the ha-ha is probably [met] more often now in crossword puzzles than in the landscape .

The author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions : at the end of the book , in a short section titled Conclusion , she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of English as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand English literature ; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions , for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book .
the author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions : at the end of the book , in a short section titled conclusion , she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties [met] by a teacher of english as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand english literature ; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions , for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book .

In a review of OCEL in the Times Literary Supplement [ 11 December 1992 ] it was suggested that inserting asterisks alongside the terms that were treated in their own entries would have helped ; that is certainly an accepted and often helpful practice in longer encyclopedic texts , but it tends to interrupt reading and clutters up shorter entries of the kind encountered in the OCEL .
in a review of ocel in the times literary supplement [ 11 december 1992 ] it was suggested that inserting asterisks alongside the terms that were treated in their own entries would have helped ; that is certainly an accepted and often helpful practice in longer encyclopedic texts , but it tends to interrupt reading and clutters up shorter entries of the kind [met] in the ocel .

This is an interesting one : the term in AE is oreo , after the tradename of a dark double chocolate cookie with white cream between , a confection not encountered ( by me ) in Britain .
this is an interesting one : the term in ae is oreo , after the tradename of a dark double chocolate cookie with white cream between , a confection not [met] ( by me ) in britain .

Being very new to this country and having , so far , only encountered school English , she found it difficult to believe that dialectal variation could be so great in such a tight little island as ours , and that so much of it could be unintelligible to the uninitiated .
being very new to this country and having , so far , only [met] school english , she found it difficult to believe that dialectal variation could be so great in such a tight little island as ours , and that so much of it could be unintelligible to the uninitiated .

Such entries must be retained for they are encountered in reading .
such entries must be retained for they are [met] in reading .

A few months ago , a colleague wrote saying that he had encountered my mention of it but had been unable to find any reference in Dryden 's writings .
a few months ago , a colleague wrote saying that he had [met] my mention of it but had been unable to find any reference in dryden 's writings .

Let us start with the three groups of clues encountered in the classical crossword puzzle : synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .
let us start with the three groups of clues [met] in the classical crossword puzzle : synonyms , superordinates , and definitions .

One does have the ( possibly romantic ) impression that even though grammar and usage were not properly learned , at least enough of a subliminal impression of them was retained by students to lead them to doubt a construction when they encountered it , driving them to check it in a Fowler or some other work .
one does have the ( possibly romantic ) impression that even though grammar and usage were not properly learned , at least enough of a subliminal impression of them was retained by students to lead them to doubt a construction when they [met] it , driving them to check it in a fowler or some other work .

After five years or more of such exercise , even if the individual can not recall the difference between imply and infer , at least it is likely that whenever a choice is encountered a small bell will ring somewhere in the recesses of his mind , recalling a long-forgotten paper for which the grade might have been reduced because of a failure to know the difference .
after five years or more of such exercise , even if the individual can not recall the difference between imply and infer , at least it is likely that whenever a choice is [met] a small bell will ring somewhere in the recesses of his mind , recalling a long-forgotten paper for which the grade might have been reduced because of a failure to know the difference .

At the entry for bi - , the definition of bicentennial as ` every two hundred years ' omits mention of its more commonly encountered use as a noun ( along with bi-centenary ) meaning ` two-hundredth anniversary . ”
at the entry for bi - , the definition of bicentennial as ` every two hundred years ' omits mention of its more commonly [met] use as a noun ( along with bi-centenary ) meaning ` two-hundredth anniversary . ”

I had n't noticed who had written the essay till I encountered the following , barely three paragraphs into the writing :
i had n't noticed who had written the essay till i [met] the following , barely three paragraphs into the writing :

CED is intended for the adult native speaker of English , whose main concern is with understanding a large number of unfamiliar items ( including proper names ) encountered in reading and listening .
ced is intended for the adult native speaker of english , whose main concern is with understanding a large number of unfamiliar items ( including proper names ) [met] in reading and listening .

As anyone can tell , I am not a great fan of this form of amusement , and I thought they were original till I encountered the well-known A MAN , A PLAN , A CANAL—PANAMA .
as anyone can tell , i am not a great fan of this form of amusement , and i thought they were original till i [met] the well-known a man , a plan , a canal—panama .

In Brisbane , dialects of Yagara were the first encountered , and the source of some sixteen loan words .
in brisbane , dialects of yagara were the first [met] , and the source of some sixteen loan words .

One has to assume that the words which had a Sydney-based currency in English were known to most colonists because they had been encountered either in Sydney or in accounts of Sydney .
one has to assume that the words which had a sydney-based currency in english were known to most colonists because they had been [met] either in sydney or in accounts of sydney .

Second , though the language is no longer spoken , it was more fully and more intelligently recorded than those first encountered .
second , though the language is no longer spoken , it was more fully and more intelligently recorded than those first [met] .

These are almost never seen in the US today , but they are still occasionally encountered in British and other varieties of English influenced by British practice , although it is usually the unligated form that one encounters , not the digraphs .
these are almost never seen in the us today , but they are still occasionally [met] in british and other varieties of english influenced by british practice , although it is usually the unligated form that one encounters , not the digraphs .

The first languages that the Europeans encountered , those once spoken on the east coast of Australia , survive only as they were recorded by the settlers and have been reconstructed in the light of later acquired knowledge of the family of Aboriginal languages as a whole .
the first languages that the europeans [met] , those once spoken on the east coast of australia , survive only as they were recorded by the settlers and have been reconstructed in the light of later acquired knowledge of the family of aboriginal languages as a whole .

She has encountered a threatening of courtiers and an abandonment of confidantes .
she has [met] a threatening of courtiers and an abandonment of confidantes .

I never encountered that : we used to refer to it as bum fluff !
i never [met] that : we used to refer to it as bum fluff !

The most aptly named individual I have ever encountered was a dentist who , early in this century , had his office in Netwark , New Jersey .
the most aptly named individual i have ever [met] was a dentist who , early in this century , had his office in netwark , new jersey .

Besides , the great difficulty encountered in finding checks occurs when they were not enclosed to begin with ( or arrive unsigned ) . -- Editor ]
besides , the great difficulty [met] in finding checks occurs when they were not enclosed to begin with ( or arrive unsigned ) . -- editor ]

The perception and usage of these terms is personal , and I , for example , prefer to use vulgar to describe current manifestations like Roseanne , Butthead and Beavis , and other television shows that exhibit crude situations encountered by rude people ; drawings and graphic style , as in Butthead , some of the “ artwork ” in Mad Magazine , and many of the new cartoons on the television are extraordinarily vulgar and tasteless , without any redeeming quality .
the perception and usage of these terms is personal , and i , for example , prefer to use vulgar to describe current manifestations like roseanne , butthead and beavis , and other television shows that exhibit crude situations [met] by rude people ; drawings and graphic style , as in butthead , some of the “ artwork ” in mad magazine , and many of the new cartoons on the television are extraordinarily vulgar and tasteless , without any redeeming quality .

All Hindi loanwords in English , of course , are not as well known or as frequently used as those listed above ; indeed , many are obscure in the extreme and are probably never used in speech or encountered in print by the overwhelming majority of English speakers .
all hindi loanwords in english , of course , are not as well known or as frequently used as those listed above ; indeed , many are obscure in the extreme and are probably never used in speech or [met] in print by the overwhelming majority of english speakers .

Within a few paces they encountered an acquaintance of Mr. Kaplan 's .
within a few paces they [met] an acquaintance of mr. kaplan 's .

Vulgar still carries the strong denotation exemplified in the first ( hence the most frequently encountered ) sense , “ characterized by ignorance of or lack of good breeding or taste : vulgar ostentation . ” It has congeners , like vulgarian “ a vulgar person ” ; vulgarism “ 1. the state or quality of being vulgar .
vulgar still carries the strong denotation exemplified in the first ( hence the most frequently [met] ) sense , “ characterized by ignorance of or lack of good breeding or taste : vulgar ostentation . ” it has congeners , like vulgarian “ a vulgar person ” ; vulgarism “ 1. the state or quality of being vulgar .

The next time that set of differentia is encountered , it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician , encountering a combination of chest rash , high fever , Koplik 's spots , diagnoses ( for which read ` names ' ) an affliction as measles .
the next time that set of differentia is [met] , it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician , encountering a combination of chest rash , high fever , koplik 's spots , diagnoses ( for which read ` names ' ) an affliction as measles .

There is no index , hence no way of retrieving information once encountered ( except by trying to recall the “ name of the game ” ) .
there is no index , hence no way of retrieving information once [met] ( except by trying to recall the “ name of the game ” ) .

Unlike sodium , free potassium reacts violently with water , liberating gaseous hydrogen ; but like sodium , potassium is rarely free and much more apt to be encountered in compounds .
unlike sodium , free potassium reacts violently with water , liberating gaseous hydrogen ; but like sodium , potassium is rarely free and much more apt to be [met] in compounds .

Vulgar , which really means no more than ` unrefined , ' is rarely encountered in modern dictionaries as a label because people have taken to designating four-letter words as vulgar , illustrating the semantic process known as pejoration ` depreciation , ' the opposite of melioration .
vulgar , which really means no more than ` unrefined , ' is rarely [met] in modern dictionaries as a label because people have taken to designating four-letter words as vulgar , illustrating the semantic process known as pejoration ` depreciation , ' the opposite of melioration .

Not everyone can always be sure of everything , but it has always seemed to me that one of the functions of education is to implant doubt in a student 's mind : in other words , it is not so important that he remember , a dozen years after leaving school , what a dangling modifier , split infinitive , agreement between the number of a subject and its verb , etc. , might mean , but the process of education should have created a ( minor ) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is encountered later on , he acknowledge a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things .
not everyone can always be sure of everything , but it has always seemed to me that one of the functions of education is to implant doubt in a student 's mind : in other words , it is not so important that he remember , a dozen years after leaving school , what a dangling modifier , split infinitive , agreement between the number of a subject and its verb , etc. , might mean , but the process of education should have created a ( minor ) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is [met] later on , he acknowledge a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things .

I have my own notions of typographic design which are likely to be at odds with those of many designers , and I have seen fit to comment on particularly heinous examples of design encountered in reviewing .
i have my own notions of typographic design which are likely to be at odds with those of many designers , and i have seen fit to comment on particularly heinous examples of design [met] in reviewing .

He said that as a young man recently out of Oxford in 1911 he encountered Americans other than the few highly educated Rhodes scholars he had met at Oxford .
he said that as a young man recently out of oxford in 1911 he [met] americans other than the few highly educated rhodes scholars he had met at oxford .

There is in the Diary a locution that I have encountered only there , I believe in Shakespeare , and commonly , though less and less , in the speech of West Texas farmers : like ( d ) to ... as in “ That ol ' boy like to of killed hisself ” or in Pepys 's entry for April 14 , 1660 : “ ... the purser ... had like to have been drowned had it not been for a rope . ”
there is in the diary a locution that i have [met] only there , i believe in shakespeare , and commonly , though less and less , in the speech of west texas farmers : like ( d ) to ... as in “ that ol ' boy like to of killed hisself ” or in pepys 's entry for april 14 , 1660 : “ ... the purser ... had like to have been drowned had it not been for a rope . ”

In shops and offices all over the country we encountered English , but not as we were accustomed to hearing it spoken .
in shops and offices all over the country we [met] english , but not as we were accustomed to hearing it spoken .

I do n't know about you , but I tend to get a touch irritated by book titles , encountered in the media and elsewhere , that seem slightly “ deviant. ” Deviant , that is , from standard English , or from what one is expecting .
i do n't know about you , but i tend to get a touch irritated by book titles , [met] in the media and elsewhere , that seem slightly “ deviant. ” deviant , that is , from standard english , or from what one is expecting .

As one fan , now elderly , recalled , “ Errand boys were able to enter through the ` Gem ' and ` Magnet ' into a new world where the talk was of fivers and tenners , motorbikes and gold watches —things they had never encountered at that time , ” so their horizons as well as their vocabularies were extended .
as one fan , now elderly , recalled , “ errand boys were able to enter through the ` gem ' and ` magnet ' into a new world where the talk was of fivers and tenners , motorbikes and gold watches —things they had never [met] at that time , ” so their horizons as well as their vocabularies were extended .

The strangest example of a loanword I have encountered in Thai is half-English , half-Italian musically derived : dedsmollay .
the strangest example of a loanword i have [met] in thai is half-english , half-italian musically derived : dedsmollay .

Probably an elided mix up of sexy , sex bomb , and sex symbol ( /sek/sy/m/ bon/ ) because l is not a final consonant in Thai and if encountered in a loanword becomes n ( or in this case m as bomb is also a loanword ) .
probably an elided mix up of sexy , sex bomb , and sex symbol ( /sek/sy/m/ bon/ ) because l is not a final consonant in thai and if [met] in a loanword becomes n ( or in this case m as bomb is also a loanword ) .

The practice of entering proper names and adjectives with lower-case initials I found off-putting because they were normally encountered with capitals .
the practice of entering proper names and adjectives with lower-case initials i found off-putting because they were normally [met] with capitals .

Among the signatories are ... Iris Murdoch , William Golding , Anthony Powell , Ted Hughes , Roy Fuller , Kingsley Amis , Anita Brookner , Malcolm Muggeridge , Brigid Brophy , Sir John Gielgud , Sir Michael Hordern , Auberon Waugh and Lord Scarman. ” This was accompanied by the ( usual ) lamentations over the “ murder of a fine language , ” the generally poor standard of English encountered in the newspapers and on radio and TV , and the observation that “ children can not spell or use the right tenses. ” All this activity is being carried on by the Queen 's English Society , characterized by The Times as “ a pressure group with fewer than 300 members. ” On October 29th , a BBC Radio Scotland program was running a competition in which people calling in were asked to spell ventriloquist and kibbutz ( among other words , presumably ) ; several callers with “ older ” voices—they certainly were not children—were unable to do so ; does that mean that the Scots are to be excepted from the QES campaign “ to compel all children to study formal grammar up to the age of 16 ” or that the rot set in long ago ?
among the signatories are ... iris murdoch , william golding , anthony powell , ted hughes , roy fuller , kingsley amis , anita brookner , malcolm muggeridge , brigid brophy , sir john gielgud , sir michael hordern , auberon waugh and lord scarman. ” this was accompanied by the ( usual ) lamentations over the “ murder of a fine language , ” the generally poor standard of english [met] in the newspapers and on radio and tv , and the observation that “ children can not spell or use the right tenses. ” all this activity is being carried on by the queen 's english society , characterized by the times as “ a pressure group with fewer than 300 members. ” on october 29th , a bbc radio scotland program was running a competition in which people calling in were asked to spell ventriloquist and kibbutz ( among other words , presumably ) ; several callers with “ older ” voices—they certainly were not children—were unable to do so ; does that mean that the scots are to be excepted from the qes campaign “ to compel all children to study formal grammar up to the age of 16 ” or that the rot set in long ago ?

One gets the impression that the editors of L used the good stuff from the W and substituted their own , much better material when they encountered some of the bad stuff .
one gets the impression that the editors of l used the good stuff from the w and substituted their own , much better material when they [met] some of the bad stuff .

The first time such a word is encountered , if the operator chooses GO ON , the program stores it and will recognize it when it recurs , obviating the need to repeat the GO ON command .
the first time such a word is [met] , if the operator chooses go on , the program stores it and will recognize it when it recurs , obviating the need to repeat the go on command .

Take that universally popular caged bird , the budgerigar , first encountered in the inland of New South Wales and known to the colonists from the 1840s .
take that universally popular caged bird , the budgerigar , first [met] in the inland of new south wales and known to the colonists from the 1840s .

I encountered William Ernest Henley 's translation of a Villon poem and have had a time translating it .
i [met] william ernest henley 's translation of a villon poem and have had a time translating it .

I have encountered it in South Carolina and Georgia , and Thomas Wolfe puts it into the mouth of one of his characters in ( I think ) Look Homeward , Angel .
i have [met] it in south carolina and georgia , and thomas wolfe puts it into the mouth of one of his characters in ( i think ) look homeward , angel .

Provided that the user makes sure to double-check the information in both books and is not tempted to accept as gospel everything encountered in either work , both books should be considered useful additions to a reference library .
provided that the user makes sure to double-check the information in both books and is not tempted to accept as gospel everything [met] in either work , both books should be considered useful additions to a reference library .

The most common American sense of in the bag is ` completed , done , consummated , ' and , while it ill behooves one to state categorically that ` ruined , botched ' is not a viable definition , I have never encountered the expression used in that sense on either side of the Atlantic .
the most common american sense of in the bag is ` completed , done , consummated , ' and , while it ill behooves one to state categorically that ` ruined , botched ' is not a viable definition , i have never [met] the expression used in that sense on either side of the atlantic .

He also assigns dluth fraoch to the clan Robertson , translated as the ` fine-leaved heath ' ( i.e. , E. cinerea ) but which is literally ` near or close to heather ' ; and fraoch nam Meinnearach is assigned to clan Menzies , though the name probably derives from Archibald Menzies , a well-known 18th-century botanist of North America , rather than from a very rare heather this clan is not likely to have encountered , never mind worn into battle .
he also assigns dluth fraoch to the clan robertson , translated as the ` fine-leaved heath ' ( i.e. , e. cinerea ) but which is literally ` near or close to heather ' ; and fraoch nam meinnearach is assigned to clan menzies , though the name probably derives from archibald menzies , a well-known 18th-century botanist of north america , rather than from a very rare heather this clan is not likely to have [met] , never mind worn into battle .

There are fourteen essays in the collection , and if anyone ever had any question about how to distinguish erotica from pornographica , the answer lies in these pages : some of these essays are clearly erotic ( “ Bottoms Up ! The Fine Arts and Flagellation , ” “ Robert Musil : What Price Homosexual Sadism ? , ” “ Carlo Gesualdo , Prince of Venosa : Murder , Madrigals , and Masochism , ” and “ The Iconography of Fanny Hill : How to Illustrate a Dirty Book ” ) , but they are not pornographic ; others are somewhat more clinical ( “ Johnson and Boswell : ` Vile Melancholy ' and ` The Hypochondriack ” ) ; all exhibit a quality of writing rarely encountered .
there are fourteen essays in the collection , and if anyone ever had any question about how to distinguish erotica from pornographica , the answer lies in these pages : some of these essays are clearly erotic ( “ bottoms up ! the fine arts and flagellation , ” “ robert musil : what price homosexual sadism ? , ” “ carlo gesualdo , prince of venosa : murder , madrigals , and masochism , ” and “ the iconography of fanny hill : how to illustrate a dirty book ” ) , but they are not pornographic ; others are somewhat more clinical ( “ johnson and boswell : ` vile melancholy ' and ` the hypochondriack ” ) ; all exhibit a quality of writing rarely [met] .

