The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans .
the housing bill is expected to [meet] strong opposition by the coalition of southern democrats and conservative republicans .

Twenty-one-year-old Milt Pappas and Jerry Walker , 22 , are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the Bombers' Art Ditmar in Sunday's 2 P.M. encounter .
twenty-one-year-old milt pappas and jerry walker , 22 , are scheduled to share the oriole mound chores against the bombers' art ditmar in sunday's 2 p.m. [meet] .

For crucial encounter
for crucial [meet]

The announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the U. S. of both approval and disapproval .
the announcement last week of the forthcoming [meet] produced strong reactions in the u. s. of both approval and disapproval .

The Franck symphonic poem , `` Psyche '' , is a lush , sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again .
the franck symphonic poem , `` psyche '' , is a lush , sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to [meet] once again .

Just the evocations of time and place , of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough .
just the evocations of time and place , of passionate [meet] between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough .

It was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' .
it was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might [meet] in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' .

On the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town .
on the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its [meet] with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town .

They do not escape Jim Crow : they merely encounter another , not-less-deadly variety .
they do not escape jim crow : they merely [meet] another , not-less-deadly variety .

The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .
the artistic interest , then , lies in what the [meet] may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .

The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth .
the stars constitute an order of existence different from what we [meet] on earth .

( Shann's own report , Peter Marshall reflected , describes the encounter as `` immoderate '' .
( shann's own report , peter marshall reflected , describes the [meet] as `` immoderate '' .

We saw it frequently afterward , but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset .
we saw it frequently afterward , but our suggestion for the very first [meet] is near sunset .

And with this point about the passions , we encounter Plato's dualism .
and with this point about the passions , we [meet] plato's dualism .

There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future .
there was no time in the short mexican [meet] to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future .

Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation .
those who walk on it may [meet] at any turn ministers of grace or damnation .

This has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied .
this has been his first [meet] with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular european press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied .

The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter .
the incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand [meet] .

If modernization programs are imposed from above , without the understanding and cooperation of the people , they will encounter grave difficulties .
if modernization programs are imposed from above , without the understanding and cooperation of the people , they will [meet] grave difficulties .

and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of Utopia , when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man .
and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of utopia , when martin luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the divine's [meet] with man .

Even though we did not see many of your faces , it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard , from those whom we had the fortune to encounter , that we had been in your midst .
even though we did not see many of your faces , it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard , from those whom we had the fortune to [meet] , that we had been in your midst .

If the compiler does encounter such statements , a warning message will be issued .
if the compiler does [meet] such statements , a warning message will be issued .

Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .
therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of [meet] .

He had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly , almost accidentally , encounter her .
he had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly , almost accidentally , [meet] her .

A dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first encounter , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it .
a dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first [meet] , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it .

He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoag's apartment .
he turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their [meet] at hoag's apartment .

He stepped out into the hall , was delighted to encounter a water brother .
he stepped out into the hall , was delighted to [meet] a water brother .

He saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her unhesitant fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter , as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach .
he saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her unhesitant fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would [meet] , as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach .

Working out just who 's who in Shakespeare 's ’ Twelfth Night ’ is complicated enough — especially if you 're 12 and this is your first encounter with Shakespeare .
working out just who 's who in shakespeare 's ’ twelfth night ’ is complicated enough — especially if you 're 12 and this is your first [meet] with shakespeare .

An unlikely encounter — a drug squad officer chatting amicably with the owner of five acres of cannabis .
an unlikely [meet] — a drug squad officer chatting amicably with the owner of five acres of cannabis .

The last encounter with Tranmere was a bruising affair .
the last [meet] with tranmere was a bruising affair .

Steven Spielberg 's dinosaurs are frightening enough … but none of the experts would have wanted to encounter a real-life sea dragon .
steven spielberg 's dinosaurs are frightening enough … but none of the experts would have wanted to [meet] a real-life sea dragon .

An encounter with a car left this badger with a broken back leg .
an [meet] with a car left this badger with a broken back leg .

An encounter with a car left this badger with a broken back leg .
an [meet] with a car left this badger with a broken back leg .

In a close encounter last season , Gloucester pipped Northampton by 7 points to 6 .
in a close [meet] last season , gloucester pipped northampton by 7 points to 6 .

In a close encounter last season , Gloucester pipped Northampton by 7 points to 6 .
in a close [meet] last season , gloucester pipped northampton by 7 points to 6 .

In a statement the department of transport says : ’ It 's a complex repair operation , but engineers are working round the clock and hope to have the bridge at least partially opened by early April , providing they do n't encounter any major problems . ’
in a statement the department of transport says : ’ it 's a complex repair operation , but engineers are working round the clock and hope to have the bridge at least partially opened by early april , providing they do n't [meet] any major problems . ’

Desert Orchid and a close encounter of the short kind .
desert orchid and a close [meet] of the short kind .

David readily admits he hates the cold ! Although his weekend stay in a freezer owned by Farepack in Swindon is comparitively tropical to the temperatures he 's likely to encounter at the North Pole .
david readily admits he hates the cold ! although his weekend stay in a freezer owned by farepack in swindon is comparitively tropical to the temperatures he 's likely to [meet] at the north pole .

It was there he launched a frenzied attack on a womanlecturer after a chance encounter in a corridor .
it was there he launched a frenzied attack on a womanlecturer after a chance [meet] in a corridor .

The father and daughter team are working flat out , to ensure it 's in good trim for the city 's first ever World Cup encounter .
the father and daughter team are working flat out , to ensure it 's in good trim for the city 's first ever world cup [meet] .

Swindon 's last encounter against Wolves was something of a comedy of errors .
swindon 's last [meet] against wolves was something of a comedy of errors .

He had the first near violent encounter at Type ninety — did you hear about this , the fist fight with Benguiat .
he had the first near violent [meet] at type ninety — did you hear about this , the fist fight with benguiat .

Two goals from Milton 's leading scorer Nigel Mott and one from Neil Allen put this game beyond doubt , the opening encounter was fast and furious with bone jarring tackles from both sets of players , and referee , Mr Merchant from Newbury did well to keep it from boiling over .
two goals from milton 's leading scorer nigel mott and one from neil allen put this game beyond doubt , the opening [meet] was fast and furious with bone jarring tackles from both sets of players , and referee , mr merchant from newbury did well to keep it from boiling over .

Well a very close fought encounter at the stadium ; we had to wait for quarter of an hour for the first actual goal chance when Dave Bristow hit the ball from twenty five yards , which just cleared the bar .
well a very close fought [meet] at the stadium ; we had to wait for quarter of an hour for the first actual goal chance when dave bristow hit the ball from twenty five yards , which just cleared the bar .

‘ Falling for a Dolphin ’ is an ode to one of the earth 's most magical and intriguing creatures and describes the extraordinary encounter between a man and a dolphin off the West coast of Ireland .
‘ falling for a dolphin ’ is an ode to one of the earth 's most magical and intriguing creatures and describes the extraordinary [meet] between a man and a dolphin off the west coast of ireland .

The plan may also encounter obstacles from the Scottish Higher Education Funding Council , which will put pressure on institutions to use their space for more of each day , week and year before cash is released for expanding space .
the plan may also [meet] obstacles from the scottish higher education funding council , which will put pressure on institutions to use their space for more of each day , week and year before cash is released for expanding space .

Men claimed to have had sex 8.1 times in the last month , and each encounter had lasted 31 minutes on average .
men claimed to have had sex 8.1 times in the last month , and each [meet] had lasted 31 minutes on average .

Men claimed to have had sex 8.1 times in the last month , and each encounter had lasted 31 minutes on average .
men claimed to have had sex 8.1 times in the last month , and each [meet] had lasted 31 minutes on average .

Even that incomplete list of achievements takes on special significance when people encounter Nadia for the first time and learn how a genetic abnormality meant she was born with only one finger on each hand .
even that incomplete list of achievements takes on special significance when people [meet] nadia for the first time and learn how a genetic abnormality meant she was born with only one finger on each hand .

They responded differently to moral dilemmas they were likely to encounter themselves : they were reluctant to report drug dealers and did not think shoplifting a serious crime .
they responded differently to moral dilemmas they were likely to [meet] themselves : they were reluctant to report drug dealers and did not think shoplifting a serious crime .

Yesterday , however , the firm resubmitted its application and its managing director , David Rurka , said he hoped it would encounter a changed attitude .
yesterday , however , the firm resubmitted its application and its managing director , david rurka , said he hoped it would [meet] a changed attitude .

They meet at McDiarmid Park in what promises to be a most enthralling encounter .
they meet at mcdiarmid park in what promises to be a most enthralling [meet] .

Nearly 1,000 children die each year from accidents in the home which are avoidable and every single child will encounter some kind of accident before the age of fifteen .
nearly 1,000 children die each year from accidents in the home which are avoidable and every single child will [meet] some kind of accident before the age of fifteen .

Pow , in spite of taking a knock on the knee , will be at stand-off for today 's home encounter against Watsonians , who are on eight points but still embroiled in the relegation issue .
pow , in spite of taking a knock on the knee , will be at stand-off for today 's home [meet] against watsonians , who are on eight points but still embroiled in the relegation issue .

So , too , could Motherwell if they continue to create what manager Tommy McLean described as ‘ pretty patterns ’ but lack the finishing touch which prevented them from taking full points from this entertaining encounter at Fir Park .
so , too , could motherwell if they continue to create what manager tommy mclean described as ‘ pretty patterns ’ but lack the finishing touch which prevented them from taking full points from this entertaining [meet] at fir park .

Gooch has been unwell for several weeks , playing in the first Test at Calcutta with a chest infection that should have ruled him out , missing the three-day match at Vishakhapatnam because he still felt weak , and then pulling out of the second Test at Madras after his infamous encounter with a poisonous prawn .
gooch has been unwell for several weeks , playing in the first test at calcutta with a chest infection that should have ruled him out , missing the three-day match at vishakhapatnam because he still felt weak , and then pulling out of the second test at madras after his infamous [meet] with a poisonous prawn .

After defeats against Italy , Ireland and France , the Scots have made sweeping changes for their final encounter , prospects for which will revolve around the amount of ball they can supply for a back division sure to be enlivened by the presence of will-o-the-wisp stand-off , Derrick Lee .
after defeats against italy , ireland and france , the scots have made sweeping changes for their final [meet] , prospects for which will revolve around the amount of ball they can supply for a back division sure to be enlivened by the presence of will-o-the-wisp stand-off , derrick lee .

England 's Best hopes for a classic encounter
england 's best hopes for a classic [meet]

In yesterday 's only pairs encounter , Australia 's Ian Schuback and partner Cameron Curtis produced a remarkable fightback to go through to meet David Bryant and Tony Allcock in the semi-finals on Friday night .
in yesterday 's only pairs [meet] , australia 's ian schuback and partner cameron curtis produced a remarkable fightback to go through to meet david bryant and tony allcock in the semi-finals on friday night .

Then , on the eve of the second Test in Madras , Gooch had his infamous encounter with a poisonous prawn that laid him low for several days and was out of the match with diarrhoea and sickness that laid him low for several days .
then , on the eve of the second test in madras , gooch had his infamous [meet] with a poisonous prawn that laid him low for several days and was out of the match with diarrhoea and sickness that laid him low for several days .

Bell noted : ‘ We faced the same quandary clubs rapidly going through divisions encounter with their XV-a-side fixture list .
bell noted : ‘ we faced the same quandary clubs rapidly going through divisions [meet] with their xv-a-side fixture list .

There is no under-21 fixture against the English this season , which also explains the presence in student ranks of Stewart Campbell , who missed the final under-21 encounter because of flu .
there is no under-21 fixture against the english this season , which also explains the presence in student ranks of stewart campbell , who missed the final under-21 [meet] because of flu .

Britain 's Clare Wood beat tenth seed Rosalyn Fairbank-Nideffer , of South Africa , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-1 in a first-round contest , while fifth-seeded Helena Sukova trounced American Caroline Kuhlman 6-1 , 6-3 in a second-round encounter .
britain 's clare wood beat tenth seed rosalyn fairbank-nideffer , of south africa , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-1 in a first-round contest , while fifth-seeded helena sukova trounced american caroline kuhlman 6-1 , 6-3 in a second-round [meet] .

Two long-term injury absentees are due to make comebacks in the Edinburgh Academicals v Selkirk encounter at Raeburn Place .
two long-term injury absentees are due to make comebacks in the edinburgh academicals v selkirk [meet] at raeburn place .

As university teachers suggest a code of conduct , Dea Birkett recalls a personal encounter with a lecherous lecturer
as university teachers suggest a code of conduct , dea birkett recalls a personal [meet] with a lecherous lecturer

She understands the disasters ladies encounter with co-ordination .
she understands the disasters ladies [meet] with co-ordination .

They beat 2–1 in a tight encounter .
they beat 2–1 in a tight [meet] .

Some have seen in the clash between Antigone and Creon a parable of the demands of individual conscience against social imperatives , others in the encounter between Ismene and her sister a dramatisation of the need to temper conviction lest it degenerate into fanaticism .
some have seen in the clash between antigone and creon a parable of the demands of individual conscience against social imperatives , others in the [meet] between ismene and her sister a dramatisation of the need to temper conviction lest it degenerate into fanaticism .

Antigone ( Pauline Knowles ) curled her lips and spat out her words as though they caused her to think , and when she faced Ismene ( Daniela Nardini ) for their crucial , opening encounter the pouting , petulant meeting between the two had the tone of a stairheid brawl rather than an exchange between thinking beings .
antigone ( pauline knowles ) curled her lips and spat out her words as though they caused her to think , and when she faced ismene ( daniela nardini ) for their crucial , opening [meet] the pouting , petulant meeting between the two had the tone of a stairheid brawl rather than an exchange between thinking beings .

He did n't encounter a keyboard instrument until he was 19 , and a student at Beijing Conservatoire .
he did n't [meet] a keyboard instrument until he was 19 , and a student at beijing conservatoire .

About 20 per cent of women encounter no problems but the vast majority do not escape .
about 20 per cent of women [meet] no problems but the vast majority do not escape .

Divison Three leaders Llanivaloes include spinner Michael Jones and Ian Jones , who steps up from the second team , for the home encounter with Cound .
divison three leaders llanivaloes include spinner michael jones and ian jones , who steps up from the second team , for the home [meet] with cound .

The fifth seeded American won the third round encounter 6–3 6–4 then raced for shelter as the rain flooded the Edgbaston Priory club .
the fifth seeded american won the third round [meet] 6–3 6–4 then raced for shelter as the rain flooded the edgbaston priory club .

Ocsian Williams of Arfon battled through three tough sets before going out to George Wilshier of Manchester in a marathon second round encounter in the mens ' event .
ocsian williams of arfon battled through three tough sets before going out to george wilshier of manchester in a marathon second round [meet] in the mens ' event .

In such a close encounter it surely could never have happened to the local hero in Italy , San Juan or other more volatile boxing outposts .
in such a close [meet] it surely could never have happened to the local hero in italy , san juan or other more volatile boxing outposts .

Last week Walter Smith sprang a major surprise by giving striker Duncan Ferguson his debut in the Old Firm encounter .
last week walter smith sprang a major surprise by giving striker duncan ferguson his debut in the old firm [meet] .

Her first encounter with Medau at a rally given by Molly at Reigate in 1958 determined her to become a teacher .
her first [meet] with medau at a rally given by molly at reigate in 1958 determined her to become a teacher .

’ Hal hurried back to the kitchen and chatted to Joy on the odd encounter he had with his customers just then .
’ hal hurried back to the kitchen and chatted to joy on the odd [meet] he had with his customers just then .

It would be well , if the opportunity offered , to precipitate the coming encounter there in public , before all these independent witnesses .
it would be well , if the opportunity offered , to precipitate the coming [meet] there in public , before all these independent witnesses .

He , too , it seemed , wanted the encounter to be public .
he , too , it seemed , wanted the [meet] to be public .

Lily too had noticed the policeman by now and perhaps did not want to encounter him .
lily too had noticed the policeman by now and perhaps did not want to [meet] him .

Or , if an old inhabitant , and you had to consider this , although he hated to think of Mouncy Street and Decimus Street and Paradise Street in this connection , then some twist , some accident , some encounter had set the killer off .
or , if an old inhabitant , and you had to consider this , although he hated to think of mouncy street and decimus street and paradise street in this connection , then some twist , some accident , some [meet] had set the killer off .

‘ In North Yorkshire we are fortunate in having relatively few problems over school vandalism , although most schools encounter the occasional difficulty , ’ he said .
‘ in north yorkshire we are fortunate in having relatively few problems over school vandalism , although most schools [meet] the occasional difficulty , ’ he said .

All colleges in the district have been given posters and leaflets as party time , especially 18th birthdays , are occasions where young people are likely to encounter problems with alcohol consumed outside licensed premises , said Val .
all colleges in the district have been given posters and leaflets as party time , especially 18th birthdays , are occasions where young people are likely to [meet] problems with alcohol consumed outside licensed premises , said val .

As far as Chris 's obsession with his work is concerned , that is something many women married to successful men encounter .
as far as chris 's obsession with his work is concerned , that is something many women married to successful men [meet] .

Cooke 's anger came when Australian referee Brian Kinsey awarded the All Blacks a match-winning penalty against Dean Richards in the dying seconds of a gruelling encounter , and he said : ‘ The tackled-ball situation is being refereed very badly over here . ’
cooke 's anger came when australian referee brian kinsey awarded the all blacks a match-winning penalty against dean richards in the dying seconds of a gruelling [meet] , and he said : ‘ the tackled-ball situation is being refereed very badly over here . ’

Beaten 6–3 , 6–3 in their previous encounter , 6ft 5ins tall Ainley , a former Hampshire County choice , avenged himself with a superb display to take the title at the fourth attempt with a 6–2 , 6–1 win .
beaten 6–3 , 6–3 in their previous [meet] , 6ft 5ins tall ainley , a former hampshire county choice , avenged himself with a superb display to take the title at the fourth attempt with a 6–2 , 6–1 win .

Its plot is a ‘ circle of love ’ , as a succession of couplings begins with a nocturnal encounter between a whore and a soldier , and continues as the soldier has sex with a housemaid , the maid with her young master , the master with a married woman , and so on until we reach a count who returns us to the whore .
its plot is a ‘ circle of love ’ , as a succession of couplings begins with a nocturnal [meet] between a whore and a soldier , and continues as the soldier has sex with a housemaid , the maid with her young master , the master with a married woman , and so on until we reach a count who returns us to the whore .

She was riding around town looking for George on his Bay Horse to hear of his encounter with the Dragon .
she was riding around town looking for george on his bay horse to hear of his [meet] with the dragon .

Despite their cute appearance , Red Pandas can be very viscious , so for fans who want a slightly closer encounter it is probably best to stick to the more approachable variety .
despite their cute appearance , red pandas can be very viscious , so for fans who want a slightly closer [meet] it is probably best to stick to the more approachable variety .

Perhaps that scenario led to the low-key approach to last night 's encounter which was more entertaining than the Test Card — but only just .
perhaps that scenario led to the low-key approach to last night 's [meet] which was more entertaining than the test card — but only just .

Last week Walter Smith sprang a major surprise by giving striker Duncan Ferguson his debut in the Old Firm encounter .
last week walter smith sprang a major surprise by giving striker duncan ferguson his debut in the old firm [meet] .

It was a thrilling encounter with Colm going two up quite early in the round and getting pegged back to all square .
it was a thrilling [meet] with colm going two up quite early in the round and getting pegged back to all square .

Many punters will convince themselves that College Chapel will reverse the form over Haydock 's extra furlong , but Vincent O'Brien 's Royal Ascot winner has shown his best form on a soft surface and , barring an unexpected downpour , will not encounter those conditions here .
many punters will convince themselves that college chapel will reverse the form over haydock 's extra furlong , but vincent o'brien 's royal ascot winner has shown his best form on a soft surface and , barring an unexpected downpour , will not [meet] those conditions here .

She says they 're in soft skinnned vehicles and any shooting they encounter is dangerous but so far there 've been no injuries .
she says they 're in soft skinnned vehicles and any shooting they [meet] is dangerous but so far there 've been no injuries .

Last week , for example we were looking at the mind boggling distances that we encounter when we journey across the universe .
last week , for example we were looking at the mind boggling distances that we [meet] when we journey across the universe .

Probably their teachers will speak to them in this style , though what the learners are likely to encounter when they join in conversations with native speakers is what we have referred to previously as a ‘ rapid , casual ’ style .
probably their teachers will speak to them in this style , though what the learners are likely to [meet] when they join in conversations with native speakers is what we have referred to previously as a ‘ rapid , casual ’ style .

After their first encounter , the couple began seeing one another regularly , but the romance fizzled out after Mr Clinton returned to America , believing he had been called up to fight in the Vietnam war .
after their first [meet] , the couple began seeing one another regularly , but the romance fizzled out after mr clinton returned to america , believing he had been called up to fight in the vietnam war .

Whichever age you encounter down the Everton trail , you come up with marvellous contributors to the club 's roll of honour .
whichever age you [meet] down the everton trail , you come up with marvellous contributors to the club 's roll of honour .

The Anglo-Welsh encounter will be the first for more than eight years .
the anglo-welsh [meet] will be the first for more than eight years .

Phil Clarke , Andy Platt , Martin Dermott , Steve Hampson and Jason Robinson are already out of the televised first round encounter , while Joe Lydon is struggling with a twisted ankle .
phil clarke , andy platt , martin dermott , steve hampson and jason robinson are already out of the televised first round [meet] , while joe lydon is struggling with a twisted ankle .

For children who encounter educational difficulties we have the services of our Learning Support Department and for all children we have Enrichment Staff who can extend their learning .
for children who [meet] educational difficulties we have the services of our learning support department and for all children we have enrichment staff who can extend their learning .

Each boy or girl is treated as an individual and will encounter a rich and varied curriculum encompassing academic , emotional , cultural , social and physical experiences .
each boy or girl is treated as an individual and will [meet] a rich and varied curriculum encompassing academic , emotional , cultural , social and physical experiences .

Investigative skills and pupil responsibility play an increasingly important role at the Upper Primary level and prepare the children for the work and approaches they will encounter in secondary education .
investigative skills and pupil responsibility play an increasingly important role at the upper primary level and prepare the children for the work and approaches they will [meet] in secondary education .

This encounter is n't Tyson 's only connection with Satriani ; as a one time pupil he remembers his unorthodox teaching style .
this [meet] is n't tyson 's only connection with satriani ; as a one time pupil he remembers his unorthodox teaching style .

For the phrasing of the bends , let-downs and pull-offs in bars 4 and 5 you should treat the notation as a guide and consult the record if you encounter any problems .
for the phrasing of the bends , let-downs and pull-offs in bars 4 and 5 you should treat the notation as a guide and consult the record if you [meet] any problems .

Anyway , if you should encounter one of these transformers , the primary windings are connected in parallel , as shown in Fig .
anyway , if you should [meet] one of these transformers , the primary windings are connected in parallel , as shown in fig .

They say that a close encounter between the Sun and a more diffuse star-like object in the cluster tore off a hot filament of gases .
they say that a close [meet] between the sun and a more diffuse star-like object in the cluster tore off a hot filament of gases .

She recalled their encounter at Sleightholmedale , when she had almost killed him — and yet he still pursued her … He must be a fine horseman since Stephen had chosen to employ him as head groom .
she recalled their [meet] at sleightholmedale , when she had almost killed him — and yet he still pursued her … he must be a fine horseman since stephen had chosen to employ him as head groom .

The Masai , so strikingly undegraded by their encounter with imperial authority , possessed the great virtue of allowing Englishmen to exercise that authority without regret .
the masai , so strikingly undegraded by their [meet] with imperial authority , possessed the great virtue of allowing englishmen to exercise that authority without regret .

Before turning to his encounter with Gandhi , certain aspects of Irwin 's character should be particularly noted .
before turning to his [meet] with gandhi , certain aspects of irwin 's character should be particularly noted .

The encounter of ‘ the two Mahatmas ’ , as Sarojini Naidu described them , had caught the imagination of a large public , in India as well as England and America .
the [meet] of ‘ the two mahatmas ’ , as sarojini naidu described them , had caught the imagination of a large public , in india as well as england and america .

You will have lived your lifetime and finally died having experienced nothing more traumatic than the normal ups and downs that any individual has to encounter .
you will have lived your lifetime and finally died having experienced nothing more traumatic than the normal ups and downs that any individual has to [meet] .

By means of regression it is possible to take such a man back to one of those occasions when his own and his partner 's mutual desires had culminated in a very happy and successful sexual encounter for them both .
by means of regression it is possible to take such a man back to one of those occasions when his own and his partner 's mutual desires had culminated in a very happy and successful sexual [meet] for them both .

What usually happens is that , because the pressure to succeed has been removed , before that two weeks has elapsed the couple will find themselves overcome by the passion of the moment and a joyous and successful sexual encounter is likely to result .
what usually happens is that , because the pressure to succeed has been removed , before that two weeks has elapsed the couple will find themselves overcome by the passion of the moment and a joyous and successful sexual [meet] is likely to result .

The marine invertebrate keeper will encounter more uninvited guests than other hobbyists if he or she uses living rock to decorate their tanks .
the marine invertebrate keeper will [meet] more uninvited guests than other hobbyists if he or she uses living rock to decorate their tanks .

Techniques for avoiding victimization have become a serious preoccupation : more locks on doors and windows , fewer visits after dark to family , friends , and places of entertainment , avoidance of underground and empty train carriages , mace sprays or personal alarm sirens held nervously in coat pockets , a growing unwillingness to be neighbourly or engage in local collective enterprises , furtive suspicious glances at any stranger , and attempts to avoid any encounter except with the most trusted and close friends .
techniques for avoiding victimization have become a serious preoccupation : more locks on doors and windows , fewer visits after dark to family , friends , and places of entertainment , avoidance of underground and empty train carriages , mace sprays or personal alarm sirens held nervously in coat pockets , a growing unwillingness to be neighbourly or engage in local collective enterprises , furtive suspicious glances at any stranger , and attempts to avoid any [meet] except with the most trusted and close friends .

Reducing the resistance we encounter from objects , it suggests the possibility of unlimited success against them .
reducing the resistance we [meet] from objects , it suggests the possibility of unlimited success against them .

That much we can take away from this latest close encounter with planet Nirvana without fear of contradiction .
that much we can take away from this latest close [meet] with planet nirvana without fear of contradiction .

In a tense , but action-packed encounter that thrilled a British club record crowd of 14,000 , Swansea 's match-winner proved to be a wing rejected by Wales three seasons ago .
in a tense , but action-packed [meet] that thrilled a british club record crowd of 14,000 , swansea 's match-winner proved to be a wing rejected by wales three seasons ago .

Earlier Robson 's dramatic arrival — five months after his last competitive encounter — had an immediate effect on United 's performance .
earlier robson 's dramatic arrival — five months after his last competitive [meet] — had an immediate effect on united 's performance .

Britain won the last encounter between the two sides at Wembley when a 52,000 crowd lifted them to a famous first Test win in 1990 .
britain won the last [meet] between the two sides at wembley when a 52,000 crowd lifted them to a famous first test win in 1990 .

Although this sounds obvious , it is quite remarkable how many returning nurses remark on the problems of adjustment they encounter once the initial ‘ honeymoon ’ period of returning is over .
although this sounds obvious , it is quite remarkable how many returning nurses remark on the problems of adjustment they [meet] once the initial ‘ honeymoon ’ period of returning is over .

Adults bring a wealth of life experience to the learning situation and such experience can be a vital component in the educational encounter .
adults bring a wealth of life experience to the learning situation and such experience can be a vital component in the educational [meet] .

Progress looks tricky but is deceptive and you should n't encounter any problems .
progress looks tricky but is deceptive and you should n't [meet] any problems .

In the morning Miss Honey said to them , ‘ One or two of you did not particularly enjoy the last occasion when the Headmistress took the class , so let us all try to be especially careful and clever today . How are your ears , Eric , after your last encounter with Miss Trunchbull ? ’
in the morning miss honey said to them , ‘ one or two of you did not particularly enjoy the last occasion when the headmistress took the class , so let us all try to be especially careful and clever today . how are your ears , eric , after your last [meet] with miss trunchbull ? ’

Further problems the recognition system may encounter ( for example misspelled words ) are considered , and possible solutions to these problems are proposed .
further problems the recognition system may [meet] ( for example misspelled words ) are considered , and possible solutions to these problems are proposed .

‘ If you encounter one you should never run or climb a tree . ’
‘ if you [meet] one you should never run or climb a tree . ’

‘ We have lost two of our friends , ’ said Tony Jones , head of Encounter Overland .
‘ we have lost two of our friends , ’ said tony jones , head of [meet] overland .

Pair 's close encounter
pair 's close [meet]

Your big chance to see an historic encounter
your big chance to see an historic [meet]

Employees with wives who are actively pursuing their own careers are also likely to encounter problems overseas , especially if the wife is forced to give up her job because of her husband 's transfer and her role abroad does not enable her to work or to develop other satisfactory activities .
employees with wives who are actively pursuing their own careers are also likely to [meet] problems overseas , especially if the wife is forced to give up her job because of her husband 's transfer and her role abroad does not enable her to work or to develop other satisfactory activities .

It was n't the end of the encounter .
it was n't the end of the [meet] .

Apart from one searing , doomed encounter during her final year at medical school , the question of a choice between her personal life and the profession had never cropped up .
apart from one searing , doomed [meet] during her final year at medical school , the question of a choice between her personal life and the profession had never cropped up .

Despite his utterances during the brief encounter with Toby , Dominic had actually been surprised to be offered the job .
despite his utterances during the brief [meet] with toby , dominic had actually been surprised to be offered the job .

Their encounter the previous day had proved to be somewhat tedious , her most thoughtful conversational gambits earning only strange , disconnected replies .
their [meet] the previous day had proved to be somewhat tedious , her most thoughtful conversational gambits earning only strange , disconnected replies .

Simply a concurrence of events which one will inevitably encounter every now and then if the law of averages is to be believed .
simply a concurrence of events which one will inevitably [meet] every now and then if the law of averages is to be believed .

But then the whole encounter had been a little surprising .
but then the whole [meet] had been a little surprising .

Looking back on it he was amazed both at his boldness and at the seeming inevitability and naturalness of that first encounter .
looking back on it he was amazed both at his boldness and at the seeming inevitability and naturalness of that first [meet] .

And yet , looking back , it had been an odd encounter .
and yet , looking back , it had been an odd [meet] .

The interaction of these three elements leads to discordances and complaint , as when a frail person-s destinations are t–o distant , or when pram-pushing mothers encounter narrow pavements .
the interaction of these three elements leads to discordances and complaint , as when a frail person-s destinations are t–o distant , or when pram-pushing mothers [meet] narrow pavements .

But for the nastiness on the fourth evening , Sohail 's achievement would have crowned the 50th England-Pakistan Test encounter .
but for the nastiness on the fourth evening , sohail 's achievement would have crowned the 50th england-pakistan test [meet] .

Taking time difference into account the match between West Indies and South Africa at Christchurch on March 5 should be the 100th World Cup encounter .
taking time difference into account the match between west indies and south africa at christchurch on march 5 should be the 100th world cup [meet] .

Newman , with the murder of Sandy foremost in his mind , having passed the fatal bell tower within the past two hours , was shaken by the encounter .
newman , with the murder of sandy foremost in his mind , having passed the fatal bell tower within the past two hours , was shaken by the [meet] .

Furthermore , the individuals gradually become knowledgeable over the entire spectrum of aviation to the extent that when they are confronted with something new and different , like hot air balloons or hang gliders , or , at the other end of the scale , vectored thrust and variable geometry ( swing-wing ) aircraft , they are not thrown off balance on the first encounter with something different .
furthermore , the individuals gradually become knowledgeable over the entire spectrum of aviation to the extent that when they are confronted with something new and different , like hot air balloons or hang gliders , or , at the other end of the scale , vectored thrust and variable geometry ( swing-wing ) aircraft , they are not thrown off balance on the first [meet] with something different .

Then a chance encounter with a man going to see the precious Blood at Wilsnak in the Duchy of Brandenburg determined her to accompany him .
then a chance [meet] with a man going to see the precious blood at wilsnak in the duchy of brandenburg determined her to accompany him .

The nine gleaned from this encounter puts Essex ahead of the field on 30 points , with Norfolk one-and-a-half behind as the six-time winners prepare for a final match against Cambridgeshire .
the nine gleaned from this [meet] puts essex ahead of the field on 30 points , with norfolk one-and-a-half behind as the six-time winners prepare for a final match against cambridgeshire .

Braintree hang on in captivating encounter
braintree hang on in captivating [meet]

My second gay encounter was quite soon afterwards .
my second gay [meet] was quite soon afterwards .

It is particularly important that those who work with and for elderly people keep a sense of perspective about this because , in their work , they will encounter a biased sample , those who need their help , many of whom do present serious problems .
it is particularly important that those who work with and for elderly people keep a sense of perspective about this because , in their work , they will [meet] a biased sample , those who need their help , many of whom do present serious problems .

We have spoken about old partners as if they will always have had a long life together and that is indeed the case in many of the pairs whom we currently encounter .
we have spoken about old partners as if they will always have had a long life together and that is indeed the case in many of the pairs whom we currently [meet] .

Finch and Groves ( 1983 ) provide a compelling account of some of the difficulties which women encounter .
finch and groves ( 1983 ) provide a compelling account of some of the difficulties which women [meet] .

The more continuous and lasting a direct interpersonal encounter , the harder will it be for the encounter to assume a purely instrumental quality .
the more continuous and lasting a direct interpersonal [meet] , the harder will it be for the [meet] to assume a purely instrumental quality .

It is easy , however , for rhetoric about freedom and choice to blur the reality which professional workers encounter daily .
it is easy , however , for rhetoric about freedom and choice to blur the reality which professional workers [meet] daily .

This view of existence assumes that neither pleasure nor pain naturally predominates , but that life is a permanent encounter with both positive and negative elements .
this view of existence assumes that neither pleasure nor pain naturally predominates , but that life is a permanent [meet] with both positive and negative elements .

Where armed groups operate , it is common for the police or military to claim that political suspects have died in an ‘ encounter ’ .
where armed groups operate , it is common for the police or military to claim that political suspects have died in an ‘ [meet] ’ .

Should you encounter difficulty in obtaining items illustrated in this brochure please contact New World .
should you [meet] difficulty in obtaining items illustrated in this brochure please contact new world .

Indeed , the only problem you 'll encounter is choosing which weeks to buy …
indeed , the only problem you 'll [meet] is choosing which weeks to buy …

The second was his residence in France during the French Revolution : this direct encounter with the main movement of the age led Wordsworth into constant political agony and debate , and it is significant that one of the main characters in The Excursion , his other long poem , is the Solitary , a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the Revolution .
the second was his residence in france during the french revolution : this direct [meet] with the main movement of the age led wordsworth into constant political agony and debate , and it is significant that one of the main characters in the excursion , his other long poem , is the solitary , a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the revolution .

All right , nine was a little young for her first sexual encounter , but now she 's come to like it she 's become such a friendly child .
all right , nine was a little young for her first sexual [meet] , but now she 's come to like it she 's become such a friendly child .

Face up to the fact now that you simply can not keep altering the trim to suit every speed or situation that you may encounter .
face up to the fact now that you simply can not keep altering the trim to suit every speed or situation that you may [meet] .

She 's been reduced by this encounter , Lee was thinking .
she 's been reduced by this [meet] , lee was thinking .

Much of the promise of an encounter between Hughea and Shakespeare , then , derives from the sense of a coming together and culmination of two formative experiences of the idea of literature ; of reading as a testing activity .
much of the promise of an [meet] between hughea and shakespeare , then , derives from the sense of a coming together and culmination of two formative experiences of the idea of literature ; of reading as a testing activity .

An Encounter over Blackberries
an [meet] over blackberries

So , too , were the practical demonstrations of getting comfortable , breathing exercises and familiarisation with the sorts of equipment that we might encounter during the labour itself .
so , too , were the practical demonstrations of getting comfortable , breathing exercises and familiarisation with the sorts of equipment that we might [meet] during the labour itself .

In other words , the whole of the story above is merely an innocent encounter , puffed-up into a tissue of lying farragoes .
in other words , the whole of the story above is merely an innocent [meet] , puffed-up into a tissue of lying farragoes .

What are the signs , the codes , the literary strategies designed to accommodate this encounter ?
what are the signs , the codes , the literary strategies designed to accommodate this [meet] ?

Queer artists reject the work of assimilationist ‘ gay ’ film-makers such as Norman René , who says of his Aids-epidemic weepie , Longtime Companion : ‘ It was essential that the people we encounter are human and identifiable , so that the film is not about New Yorkers and gays but about people with whom audiences could identify . ’
queer artists reject the work of assimilationist ‘ gay ’ film-makers such as norman rené , who says of his aids-epidemic weepie , longtime companion : ‘ it was essential that the people we [meet] are human and identifiable , so that the film is not about new yorkers and gays but about people with whom audiences could identify . ’

My first encounter with Dr McKenzie .
my first [meet] with dr mckenzie .

If you do encounter ice , you wind up the throttle friction and do n't touch them until back on the ground .
if you do [meet] ice , you wind up the throttle friction and do n't touch them until back on the ground .

You are not likely to encounter any problems on the streets in Madeira , apart from the occasional drunk trying to find his way home .
you are not likely to [meet] any problems on the streets in madeira , apart from the occasional drunk trying to find his way home .

And if anyone should encounter Patrick Phelan , give him a wide berth , since he will almost certainly be suffering from a contagious plague of boils .
and if anyone should [meet] patrick phelan , give him a wide berth , since he will almost certainly be suffering from a contagious plague of boils .

Actors , directors and therapists all assert the value of the encounter , but lengthy reports from the patients themselves are unavailable .
actors , directors and therapists all assert the value of the [meet] , but lengthy reports from the patients themselves are unavailable .

Meanwhile , our heroes of the first encounter have dashed across to challenge another .
meanwhile , our heroes of the first [meet] have dashed across to challenge another .

These evinced no embarrassment at the encounter .
these evinced no embarrassment at the [meet] .

For the successful person , a winning attitude means looking to learn something in all the everyday events that you encounter .
for the successful person , a winning attitude means looking to learn something in all the everyday events that you [meet] .

Perhaps , when she had recovered from this encounter , he could suggest that they become engaged , albeit in an unacknowledged fashion as he could not afford a ring worthy of her .
perhaps , when she had recovered from this [meet] , he could suggest that they become engaged , albeit in an unacknowledged fashion as he could not afford a ring worthy of her .

That encounter would not leave Paul 's mind .
that [meet] would not leave paul 's mind .

But the actual experience of all mystics is strikingly similar : all encounter a reality in the depths of the self , which is , paradoxically , Other and irrevocably separate from us .
but the actual experience of all mystics is strikingly similar : all [meet] a reality in the depths of the self , which is , paradoxically , other and irrevocably separate from us .

They encounter a presence which transfigures their lives and , provided that they are temperamentally suited to this type of spiritual activity and have the benefit of expert advice , they experience a satisfaction which is real but inexpressible .
they [meet] a presence which transfigures their lives and , provided that they are temperamentally suited to this type of spiritual activity and have the benefit of expert advice , they experience a satisfaction which is real but inexpressible .

The long journey to a holy place where they would encounter the divine in a special way was a graphic demonstration of the Christian orientation to God ; the hardships of the road , which rich and poor shared side by side , gave the pilgrims an impressive experience of community , charity and poverty , with its rider : dependence upon God alone .
the long journey to a holy place where they would [meet] the divine in a special way was a graphic demonstration of the christian orientation to god ; the hardships of the road , which rich and poor shared side by side , gave the pilgrims an impressive experience of community , charity and poverty , with its rider : dependence upon god alone .

Both The Cloud of Unknowing and Walter Hilton suggest that some people who had read Rolle 's work or who had heard about his experiences were almost breaking all bounds in order to encounter something similar themselves and were , consequently , damaging themselves as well as wasting their time .
both the cloud of unknowing and walter hilton suggest that some people who had read rolle 's work or who had heard about his experiences were almost breaking all bounds in order to [meet] something similar themselves and were , consequently , damaging themselves as well as wasting their time .

Monks were supposed to enjoy Lectio : in the scriptures and in the writings of the fathers of the Church , the monk had an encounter with the divine and felt that he was in some mysterious sense studying God himself .
monks were supposed to enjoy lectio : in the scriptures and in the writings of the fathers of the church , the monk had an [meet] with the divine and felt that he was in some mysterious sense studying god himself .

Suppose he were to encounter the Ryemarks or even Robin Tatian ?
suppose he were to [meet] the ryemarks or even robin tatian ?

The encounter he now saw as an omen , a shadow cast by a coming event .
the [meet] he now saw as an omen , a shadow cast by a coming event .

But facing facts as they are now , it is unlikely that you will encounter many offers of wholemeal pasta and rice on the restaurant circuit ; they are considered too chewy for the ‘ average ’ palate and take too long to cook .
but facing facts as they are now , it is unlikely that you will [meet] many offers of wholemeal pasta and rice on the restaurant circuit ; they are considered too chewy for the ‘ average ’ palate and take too long to cook .

In the event , Chapman did , having also , Mario reports , made sure that Mario understood the kinds of problems he might encounter at Ferrari .
in the event , chapman did , having also , mario reports , made sure that mario understood the kinds of problems he might [meet] at ferrari .

Taking a few deep breaths to prepare himself for the encounter , Ybreska stepped into the middle of the road to meet his contact .
taking a few deep breaths to prepare himself for the [meet] , ybreska stepped into the middle of the road to meet his contact .

One Saturday morning , some two weeks after Mrs Frizzell 's encounter with Mrs Stych , Mr Frizzell was seated at his office desk in a glassed-in area above the garage proper , from whence he could see all that was going on at both back and front of his property .
one saturday morning , some two weeks after mrs frizzell 's [meet] with mrs stych , mr frizzell was seated at his office desk in a glassed-in area above the garage proper , from whence he could see all that was going on at both back and front of his property .

He considered taking Dorothy , but she was only seventeen , too young to hold her own in a possibly difficult encounter with the élite of Tollemarche .
he considered taking dorothy , but she was only seventeen , too young to hold her own in a possibly difficult [meet] with the élite of tollemarche .

For the moment let us focus on Said 's subsequent point that if Orientalism and anthropology derive from historicism , this is by no means a thing of the past : of more recent sciences , Said singles out in particular that of world history as practised by Braudel , Wallerstein , Anderson and Wolf , which he contends is still derived from the enterprise of Orientalism and its colluding companion anthropology , and which has refused to encounter and to interrogate its own relationship as a discipline to European imperialism .
for the moment let us focus on said 's subsequent point that if orientalism and anthropology derive from historicism , this is by no means a thing of the past : of more recent sciences , said singles out in particular that of world history as practised by braudel , wallerstein , anderson and wolf , which he contends is still derived from the enterprise of orientalism and its colluding companion anthropology , and which has refused to [meet] and to interrogate its own relationship as a discipline to european imperialism .

In the dialectical perspective , we encounter these objects as productions which are human and provided with a future … thus they seem by themselves to be totalizations in process .
in the dialectical perspective , we [meet] these objects as productions which are human and provided with a future … thus they seem by themselves to be totalizations in process .

Here we encounter the first attempt to undo the category of ‘ man ’ , an enterprise which has caused more distress than most in the recent history of the social sciences .
here we [meet] the first attempt to undo the category of ‘ man ’ , an enterprise which has caused more distress than most in the recent history of the social sciences .

With Sartre and Althusser we encounter the two poles of post-war French return-to-Marxism .
with sartre and althusser we [meet] the two poles of post-war french return-to-marxism .

Here we encounter the continuing dominance of the philosophy of the subject , which , according to Foucault , was specifically introduced in order to provide a ‘ shelter for the sovereignty of consciousness ’ against the intrusion of heterogeneity .
here we [meet] the continuing dominance of the philosophy of the subject , which , according to foucault , was specifically introduced in order to provide a ‘ shelter for the sovereignty of consciousness ’ against the intrusion of heterogeneity .

Here we once more encounter the recognition that at a conceptual level the idea of history can not be taken further : rather it can only be addressed through a tension in the writing itself .
here we once more [meet] the recognition that at a conceptual level the idea of history can not be taken further : rather it can only be addressed through a tension in the writing itself .

The magnitude of the special needs post-holder 's task becomes clear if one considers that these skills are to be geared to assisting classroom teachers of varying lengths of career experience ( often considerably longer than that of the ‘ qualified ’ supporter ) and range of subject specialities ( beyond the supporter 's expertise ) — teachers already under pressure from many directions and with ambivalent feelings about ‘ hawing problems ’ and ‘ being seen as in need of help ’ ; and if one considers that the supporter 's extended task is to deepen these colleagues ' understanding of ‘ special ’ learning needs , to enhance their skills , discover and develop their strengths and the confidence that the professional know.how they possess can be summoned for responding more appropriately to most of the behavioural , emotional and learning difficulties they encounter .
the magnitude of the special needs post-holder 's task becomes clear if one considers that these skills are to be geared to assisting classroom teachers of varying lengths of career experience ( often considerably longer than that of the ‘ qualified ’ supporter ) and range of subject specialities ( beyond the supporter 's expertise ) — teachers already under pressure from many directions and with ambivalent feelings about ‘ hawing problems ’ and ‘ being seen as in need of help ’ ; and if one considers that the supporter 's extended task is to deepen these colleagues ' understanding of ‘ special ’ learning needs , to enhance their skills , discover and develop their strengths and the confidence that the professional know.how they possess can be summoned for responding more appropriately to most of the behavioural , emotional and learning difficulties they [meet] .

Feminists often rely on male psychologists ' work to solve the psychological problems they encounter .
feminists often rely on male psychologists ' work to solve the psychological problems they [meet] .

Feminists encounter similar problems in dealing with differences between subjects .
feminists [meet] similar problems in dealing with differences between subjects .

In spite of the increasing diversity of their work on women 's experiences with children , for instance , this work remains dominated by studies of mother-child relations and the problems they encounter .
in spite of the increasing diversity of their work on women 's experiences with children , for instance , this work remains dominated by studies of mother-child relations and the problems they [meet] .

It may be ‘ accidental that there is no Beaverbrook or Rothermere ’ but it is more likely that they would encounter an enormous backlash if they trespassed into the formal world of politics .
it may be ‘ accidental that there is no beaverbrook or rothermere ’ but it is more likely that they would [meet] an enormous backlash if they trespassed into the formal world of politics .

Although , as discussed in Chapter 4 , most search consultants encounter difficulties in attracting candidates on behalf of clients who insist on remaining anonymous for at least the initial stages of the search , many clients see this as a real plus in using headhunters in the first place .
although , as discussed in chapter 4 , most search consultants [meet] difficulties in attracting candidates on behalf of clients who insist on remaining anonymous for at least the initial stages of the search , many clients see this as a real plus in using headhunters in the first place .

Consider the range of temperatures you are likely to encounter on your camping trips , and plan accordingly .
consider the range of temperatures you are likely to [meet] on your camping trips , and plan accordingly .

Although Poulantzas does not give a direct answer to the question ‘ How are we to know a pertinent effect when we encounter one ?
although poulantzas does not give a direct answer to the question ‘ how are we to know a pertinent effect when we [meet] one ?

experiment in which he allowed the stolons of Saxifraga sarmentosa ( a classic ‘ guerrilla ’ growth form ) to encounter an artificial vegetation that he had constructed : ‘ Many long pins were next driven rather close together into the sand , so as to form a crowd in front of … two thin lateral branches ; but these easily wound their way through the crowd .
experiment in which he allowed the stolons of saxifraga sarmentosa ( a classic ‘ guerrilla ’ growth form ) to [meet] an artificial vegetation that he had constructed : ‘ many long pins were next driven rather close together into the sand , so as to form a crowd in front of … two thin lateral branches ; but these easily wound their way through the crowd .

Only occasionally did she encounter fugitives from the slaughter who had wisely dodged into such hidey holes .
only occasionally did she [meet] fugitives from the slaughter who had wisely dodged into such hidey holes .

Why should Jaq encounter Obispal again in the near future ?
why should jaq [meet] obispal again in the near future ?

To boost your chances of a close encounter move quietly through the countryside and wear clothing which is n't noticeably lighter or darker than the surroundings .
to boost your chances of a close [meet] move quietly through the countryside and wear clothing which is n't noticeably lighter or darker than the surroundings .

However , these are by no means the only pitfalls a professional is likely to encounter .
however , these are by no means the only pitfalls a professional is likely to [meet] .

You may encounter other ways of showing speech , ways you can use in your own writing .
you may [meet] other ways of showing speech , ways you can use in your own writing .

Women who want to work in broadcasting , or who are required by their jobs to speak frequently in public , encounter strong prejudice against their ‘ shrill ’ or ‘ tinny ’ voices .
women who want to work in broadcasting , or who are required by their jobs to speak frequently in public , [meet] strong prejudice against their ‘ shrill ’ or ‘ tinny ’ voices .

The best we can do is raise our own children differently ( a project that will fail , ironically , to the extent that children model themselves on the unreconstructed adults they encounter ! )
the best we can do is raise our own children differently ( a project that will fail , ironically , to the extent that children model themselves on the unreconstructed adults they [meet] ! )

Brief Encounter
brief [meet]

Although Mr Cross was perturbed at his strange encounter , he dismissed his consternation and decided that she must have been a village girl who had watched the train and then returned home .
although mr cross was perturbed at his strange [meet] , he dismissed his consternation and decided that she must have been a village girl who had watched the train and then returned home .

But she pulled off a 6–4 , 6–7 , 6–3 victory over Alison Smith , the 23rd ranked Briton , in 2hr 3min to justify the attention afforded to a rather meaningless tennis encounter .
but she pulled off a 6–4 , 6–7 , 6–3 victory over alison smith , the 23rd ranked briton , in 2hr 3min to justify the attention afforded to a rather meaningless tennis [meet] .

For this meeting has always been a bonfire of the vanities — not just an encounter to earn the right to progress further in Europe , but one of national pride .
for this meeting has always been a bonfire of the vanities — not just an [meet] to earn the right to progress further in europe , but one of national pride .

At the age of 39 and 105 days he becomes the ninth oldest player in history to make his Test debut in Friday 's historic encounter between South Africa and India in Durban .
at the age of 39 and 105 days he becomes the ninth oldest player in history to make his test debut in friday 's historic [meet] between south africa and india in durban .

In a fiery encounter , he claimed that on five occasions his players were grabbed by the testicles and , on more than one occasion , were spat on by their opponents .
in a fiery [meet] , he claimed that on five occasions his players were grabbed by the testicles and , on more than one occasion , were spat on by their opponents .

Charlton 's men have already overcome one hazardous encounter , escaping from Copenhagen last month with a valuable point — which left the Danes still searching for their first win after their opening three games .
charlton 's men have already overcome one hazardous [meet] , escaping from copenhagen last month with a valuable point — which left the danes still searching for their first win after their opening three games .

Salford wing Phil Ford is the only survivor from that encounter and he will be playing before a near full-house at the Vetch Field .
salford wing phil ford is the only survivor from that [meet] and he will be playing before a near full-house at the vetch field .

In an aggressive encounter , there were bookings for Stoke 's Carl Beeston in the 16th minute and Mark Stein and Chris Sulley for a 35th-minute flare-up .
in an aggressive [meet] , there were bookings for stoke 's carl beeston in the 16th minute and mark stein and chris sulley for a 35th-minute flare-up .

‘ But we will now encounter different styles , so the matches will now be more a battle of wits . ’
‘ but we will now [meet] different styles , so the matches will now be more a battle of wits . ’

Rangers prospered so emphatically in their encounter against Leeds , but that was because the games were played within the confines of the British style .
rangers prospered so emphatically in their [meet] against leeds , but that was because the games were played within the confines of the british style .

Prolific striker Ian Rush is out of Saturday 's League encounter against Crystal Palace with hamstring trouble and the club are desperately trying to hurry the Welshman back in time for Tuesday night 's Coca-Cola Cup fixture between the two clubs .
prolific striker ian rush is out of saturday 's league [meet] against crystal palace with hamstring trouble and the club are desperately trying to hurry the welshman back in time for tuesday night 's coca-cola cup fixture between the two clubs .

Could you afford a brief encounter ?
could you afford a brief [meet] ?

Daniel wins day in epic encounter
daniel wins day in epic [meet]

The development of retirement counselling in recent years has arisen from the significant numbers of retiring people who soon encounter severe personal problems .
the development of retirement counselling in recent years has arisen from the significant numbers of retiring people who soon [meet] severe personal problems .

‘ Constanza , ’ Giancarlo said with all the formality of their first encounter before lunch , ‘ allow me to present Signora de Grignano .
‘ constanza , ’ giancarlo said with all the formality of their first [meet] before lunch , ‘ allow me to present signora de grignano .

It was obvious that she had n't managed that on their first encounter .
it was obvious that she had n't managed that on their first [meet] .

‘ Panspermia ’ , as a word , therefore refers to those theories which insist that life came to Earth because ‘ spores ’ were somehow blasted off into space in the hope that they might eventually encounter a life-supporting planet — like Earth .
‘ panspermia ’ , as a word , therefore refers to those theories which insist that life came to earth because ‘ spores ’ were somehow blasted off into space in the hope that they might eventually [meet] a life-supporting planet — like earth .

When people first encounter it their normal assumption is that an alternate universe is nothing more than a ‘ what might have been ’ ; science-fiction writers have toyed with that idea for decades .
when people first [meet] it their normal assumption is that an alternate universe is nothing more than a ‘ what might have been ’ ; science-fiction writers have toyed with that idea for decades .

Here we encounter a mystery that is common to all aspects of any discussion of energy or matter at the quantum level .
here we [meet] a mystery that is common to all aspects of any discussion of energy or matter at the quantum level .

Obviously you will encounter some limitations , as there are not as many different-coloured leaves as there are flowers .
obviously you will [meet] some limitations , as there are not as many different-coloured leaves as there are flowers .

And it 's at school that many gifted children — and their parents — encounter their first real obstacles .
and it 's at school that many gifted children — and their parents — [meet] their first real obstacles .

Mrs Major was with two girlfriends before the chance encounter .
mrs major was with two girlfriends before the chance [meet] .

She blunders into a magical forest , meets Curdie the miner 's son and together they encounter lots of gambolling hobgoblins who are planning to flood the kingdom for their own fiendish ends .
she blunders into a magical forest , meets curdie the miner 's son and together they [meet] lots of gambolling hobgoblins who are planning to flood the kingdom for their own fiendish ends .

The 1-1 draw at the Baseball Ground was a tough encounter with six players going into the book .
the 1-1 draw at the baseball ground was a tough [meet] with six players going into the book .

It was almost a carbon copy of Kiwomya 's matchwinner in last week 's Coca-Cola Cup encounter with Aston Villa — the bookies ' favourites to overhaul Norwich for the Championship .
it was almost a carbon copy of kiwomya 's matchwinner in last week 's coca-cola cup [meet] with aston villa — the bookies ' favourites to overhaul norwich for the championship .

Faldo is asking for less hype and a return to the days when the biennial encounter was a friendly , usually won by the Americans .
faldo is asking for less hype and a return to the days when the biennial [meet] was a friendly , usually won by the americans .

The Liverpool manager diplomatically avoided any attempt to bill this encounter as Souness versus Dalglish .
the liverpool manager diplomatically avoided any attempt to bill this [meet] as souness versus dalglish .

Any observant traveller who moves from the snow-tipped Himalayas in the North to the sun-soaked sands of Cape Comorin at India 's southern tip , will encounter — particularly in the rural areas and at sacred centres of pilgrimage wherever Siva , God of both Divine Wisdom and regeneration , is the presiding Deity — the serpent motif sculptured within shrines , impressed on myriads of stone implants in the ground and depicted in art .
any observant traveller who moves from the snow-tipped himalayas in the north to the sun-soaked sands of cape comorin at india 's southern tip , will [meet] — particularly in the rural areas and at sacred centres of pilgrimage wherever siva , god of both divine wisdom and regeneration , is the presiding deity — the serpent motif sculptured within shrines , impressed on myriads of stone implants in the ground and depicted in art .

All she really wanted , if she could not be in his presence , was to be left alone so that she could recall and relive in her mind every moment of that morning 's encounter , and dream about what the future might hold for her .
all she really wanted , if she could not be in his presence , was to be left alone so that she could recall and relive in her mind every moment of that morning 's [meet] , and dream about what the future might hold for her .

Zimbabwe 's Chimbima gets an unwelcome leg-up from a Namibian tackler as Andy Ferreira 's men gave their Southern African rivals a fright in a hard-fought quarter-final encounter , leading 10–0 at half-time before eventually succumbing 16–10 .
zimbabwe 's chimbima gets an unwelcome leg-up from a namibian tackler as andy ferreira 's men gave their southern african rivals a fright in a hard-fought quarter-final [meet] , leading 10–0 at half-time before eventually succumbing 16–10 .

Fitzpatrick , an All Black hooker of Irish stock , has a small problem with a few misshapen teeth which had inadvertently got enwrapped around an Irishman 's knuckles in the course of the first encounter .
fitzpatrick , an all black hooker of irish stock , has a small problem with a few misshapen teeth which had inadvertently got enwrapped around an irishman 's knuckles in the course of the first [meet] .

The South Africa v Argentina game will be South Africa 's first official international encounter at any level since the mid-80s .
the south africa v argentina game will be south africa 's first official international [meet] at any level since the mid-80s .

He wondered , in his confusion , whether an encounter such as theirs was really some sort of apparition , not real at all .
he wondered , in his confusion , whether an [meet] such as theirs was really some sort of apparition , not real at all .

As you wander round with your camcorder , you may well encounter significant changes in the character of the light during the course of a day 's shoot .
as you wander round with your camcorder , you may well [meet] significant changes in the character of the light during the course of a day 's shoot .

My granddad , who smoked like a chimney and lived to 97 , was lucky enough never to encounter a promoter .
my granddad , who smoked like a chimney and lived to 97 , was lucky enough never to [meet] a promoter .

In the history of English parliaments it was a decisive encounter , although in terms of Sussex where commoners rather than knights or lords died it may well have been one of the familiar disasters around which ordinary life had to continue .
in the history of english parliaments it was a decisive [meet] , although in terms of sussex where commoners rather than knights or lords died it may well have been one of the familiar disasters around which ordinary life had to continue .

There is always the chance you might encounter storms , even an engine fire .
there is always the chance you might [meet] storms , even an engine fire .

Practically the only sign of his close encounter with death was a deep indentation on the left side of his head , where doctors operated to remove a life-threatening blood clot .
practically the only sign of his close [meet] with death was a deep indentation on the left side of his head , where doctors operated to remove a life-threatening blood clot .

Since that caravan site encounter , Jean has met the woman three times , in more restrained mood .
since that caravan site [meet] , jean has met the woman three times , in more restrained mood .

Certainly there was every need for a road-widening scheme : four years earlier , in the October of 1793 , poor old Parson Woodforde had nearly come a nasty cropper on Frome Hill , when the chaise he was in had had an unfortunate encounter with a large ‘ heavily loaden ’ London waggon , complete with eight horses :
certainly there was every need for a road-widening scheme : four years earlier , in the october of 1793 , poor old parson woodforde had nearly come a nasty cropper on frome hill , when the chaise he was in had had an unfortunate [meet] with a large ‘ heavily loaden ’ london waggon , complete with eight horses :

Only in 1817 do we encounter them again , in a list headed ‘ Our Paupers ’ , when first Ann ( '70 years old … Behind the Hill ' ) and then , in 1821 , John and Ann ( '70 ; Behind the Hill ' ) pick up amounts varying between 5s .
only in 1817 do we [meet] them again , in a list headed ‘ our paupers ’ , when first ann ( '70 years old … behind the hill ' ) and then , in 1821 , john and ann ( '70 ; behind the hill ' ) pick up amounts varying between 5s .

Now , with Benjamin James Titford , the eldest son of Benjamin the Silversmith and Elizabeth , we encounter a craftsman 's son who would establish himself as a member of the professional classes — by becoming a schoolmaster .
now , with benjamin james titford , the eldest son of benjamin the silversmith and elizabeth , we [meet] a craftsman 's son who would establish himself as a member of the professional classes — by becoming a schoolmaster .

In any classroom there will always be aspects of the classroom encounter , the play of personality , the tactics of expedient interaction , which will defy the reduction to generality .
in any classroom there will always be aspects of the classroom [meet] , the play of personality , the tactics of expedient interaction , which will defy the reduction to generality .

We were to have an even closer encounter with a bear before we left Edgeøya , when we went ashore at the south end of the island at Andre/1e Tangen .
we were to have an even closer [meet] with a bear before we left edgeøya , when we went ashore at the south end of the island at andre/1e tangen .

Our simulations indicate that , although it is possible for such an iron object to reproduce the Tunguska event , an encounter speed in the range 30–40kms -1 is required .
our simulations indicate that , although it is possible for such an iron object to reproduce the tunguska event , an [meet] speed in the range 30–40kms -1 is required .

But read his encounter , at the Serbian Orthodox monastery of Grachanitsa , with Mother Tatiana , a tough Serbian nun .
but read his [meet] , at the serbian orthodox monastery of grachanitsa , with mother tatiana , a tough serbian nun .

‘ Has there ever been an ecumenical Council ’ , he asks , ‘ which was not a way of self-renewal through an encounter with the Risen Jesus , the glorious and immortal King , whose light illumines the whole Church for the salvation , joy and glory of all peoples ?
‘ has there ever been an ecumenical council ’ , he asks , ‘ which was not a way of self-renewal through an [meet] with the risen jesus , the glorious and immortal king , whose light illumines the whole church for the salvation , joy and glory of all peoples ?

Interestingly , Eysenck ( 1977 ) seems to encounter the same kind of problem .
interestingly , eysenck ( 1977 ) seems to [meet] the same kind of problem .

Meanwhile he watched his beloved from afar , conspiring to encounter her accidentally now and again , while he researched his antagonist 's history .
meanwhile he watched his beloved from afar , conspiring to [meet] her accidentally now and again , while he researched his antagonist 's history .

Half a week after that encounter , Charlie had heard that his beloved had parted from the man with great grief , and was in need of tender care .
half a week after that [meet] , charlie had heard that his beloved had parted from the man with great grief , and was in need of tender care .

Her arms ached , but it gave her time to turn over in her head the encounter which had marked the day , and decide whether she wanted to share it with Marlin or not .
her arms ached , but it gave her time to turn over in her head the [meet] which had marked the day , and decide whether she wanted to share it with marlin or not .

Already , after going over the encounter a few times , it was becoming , like the blue overhead , ambiguous .
already , after going over the [meet] a few times , it was becoming , like the blue overhead , ambiguous .

She 'd met him at one of Klein 's parties — a casual encounter — and had given him very little conscious thought subsequently .
she 'd met him at one of klein 's parties — a casual [meet] — and had given him very little conscious thought subsequently .

But this was an encounter that had none of the froth of those liaisons .
but this was an [meet] that had none of the froth of those liaisons .

He 'd had this sickness all along , of course , but he 'd worsened since the assassin 's visit , and her tolerance for these traits , braced as she 'd been by her encounter with Gentle , had dropped to zero .
he 'd had this sickness all along , of course , but he 'd worsened since the assassin 's visit , and her tolerance for these traits , braced as she 'd been by her [meet] with gentle , had dropped to zero .

They 'd revolved almost entirely around the encounter with the assassin .
they 'd revolved almost entirely around the [meet] with the assassin .

This was the result of a chance encounter in 1975 , When the Astor ownership was frantically trying to fight control passing to Murdoch or the Daily Mail .
this was the result of a chance [meet] in 1975 , when the astor ownership was frantically trying to fight control passing to murdoch or the daily mail .

At their first meeting his innuendo on such words as ‘ fight ’ , ‘ tame ’ , ‘ deeds ’ , ‘ activity ’ ( III.ii.39–59 ) seems to be contagious , for in an encounter unique in Shakespeare two lovers who have previously spoken verse actually descend to prose for their first conversation , to exchange bawdy double meanings on words like ‘ monster ’ , ‘ monstrous ’ , ‘ will ’ , ‘ execution ’ , ‘ act ’ , and ‘ performance ’ ( 62–99 ) .
at their first meeting his innuendo on such words as ‘ fight ’ , ‘ tame ’ , ‘ deeds ’ , ‘ activity ’ ( iii.ii.39–59 ) seems to be contagious , for in an [meet] unique in shakespeare two lovers who have previously spoken verse actually descend to prose for their first conversation , to exchange bawdy double meanings on words like ‘ monster ’ , ‘ monstrous ’ , ‘ will ’ , ‘ execution ’ , ‘ act ’ , and ‘ performance ’ ( 62–99 ) .

Since the pronouns are used to express a human encounter they derive their nature and value from the human beings , and not vice versa .
since the pronouns are used to express a human [meet] they derive their nature and value from the human beings , and not vice versa .

Lear is now experiencing the truth of La Rochefoucauld 's maxim that ‘ So long as a man is still in a position to help others he will rarely encounter ingratitude .
lear is now experiencing the truth of la rochefoucauld 's maxim that ‘ so long as a man is still in a position to help others he will rarely [meet] ingratitude .

In converting to a universal-banking model , banks will encounter more internal resistance than they think , since it means eliminating subsidiaries and the extra management jobs they have created .
in converting to a universal-banking model , banks will [meet] more internal resistance than they think , since it means eliminating subsidiaries and the extra management jobs they have created .

Scots in this position , however , might hope during their service to encounter a senior officer of the same name , which might induce the latter to act as patron without the normal ulterior motives .
scots in this position , however , might hope during their service to [meet] a senior officer of the same name , which might induce the latter to act as patron without the normal ulterior motives .

The trouble which a political interest could encounter , however , came when friends of the political interest fell out over a choice of minister , and in a country which took its religion seriously that was all too easy to do , and that in turn opened the road to intrigue by political enemies .
the trouble which a political interest could [meet] , however , came when friends of the political interest fell out over a choice of minister , and in a country which took its religion seriously that was all too easy to do , and that in turn opened the road to intrigue by political enemies .

Clearly the very notion that responsibility for child development is best shared among a range of people , with stimuli for education and play , attention for health matters and so on deliberately shared between parents and professionals , has immediate implications for the public response when families encounter difficulties in child care .
clearly the very notion that responsibility for child development is best shared among a range of people , with stimuli for education and play , attention for health matters and so on deliberately shared between parents and professionals , has immediate implications for the public response when families [meet] difficulties in child care .

Students with learning difficulties do encounter prejudice , and confronting prejudice is rarely an easy task .
students with learning difficulties do [meet] prejudice , and confronting prejudice is rarely an easy task .

Looking back to her first encounter with Balbinder a year ago , when she had visited him at his previous school , she said that she had been shocked .
looking back to her first [meet] with balbinder a year ago , when she had visited him at his previous school , she said that she had been shocked .

In 1950 a scientist by the name of Immanuel Velikovsky caused a considerable furore in the historical , religious and astronomical worlds by stating unequivocally that the flooding was caused by Venus which had been wrenched free from Jupiter and made an uncomfortably close encounter with earth .
in 1950 a scientist by the name of immanuel velikovsky caused a considerable furore in the historical , religious and astronomical worlds by stating unequivocally that the flooding was caused by venus which had been wrenched free from jupiter and made an uncomfortably close [meet] with earth .

However , it is also a big mistake to underestimate the strength of opposition that enthusiasm for , and participation in , change may encounter — and it is in Chapters 6 and 7 that we begin to turn our attention outwards to the social context .
however , it is also a big mistake to underestimate the strength of opposition that enthusiasm for , and participation in , change may [meet] — and it is in chapters 6 and 7 that we begin to turn our attention outwards to the social context .

Her encounter with Count Alan led to a strange and passionate romance which is now known only from two of Anselm 's letters .
her [meet] with count alan led to a strange and passionate romance which is now known only from two of anselm 's letters .

The radio sketches that Galton and Simpson created for Tony Hancock in the mid-1950s are a back-street version of the same rueful joke : the hero , discomforted by every encounter , gets it wrong when he is trying hardest to get it right .
the radio sketches that galton and simpson created for tony hancock in the mid-1950s are a back-street version of the same rueful joke : the hero , discomforted by every [meet] , gets it wrong when he is trying hardest to get it right .

Encounter was launched in London in 1953 , an Anglo-American monthly whose appeal was always international , and above all intellectually anti-communist ; and the London Magazine started in the following year , first under the editorship of John Lehmann , then of Alan Ross — a general magazine where literature is no more than one concern among others .
[meet] was launched in london in 1953 , an anglo-american monthly whose appeal was always international , and above all intellectually anti-communist ; and the london magazine started in the following year , first under the editorship of john lehmann , then of alan ross — a general magazine where literature is no more than one concern among others .

While filming for the ‘ Survival ’ series of television documentaries on wildlife , cameraman Dieter Plage captured on film a unique sequence showing one such encounter .
while filming for the ‘ survival ’ series of television documentaries on wildlife , cameraman dieter plage captured on film a unique sequence showing one such [meet] .

Dorset 's Colette Hall also had chances in her encounter with Shannan McCarthy , 21 , who is attending the University of Georgia and is currently No. 2 in the American Collegiate rankings .
dorset 's colette hall also had chances in her [meet] with shannan mccarthy , 21 , who is attending the university of georgia and is currently no. 2 in the american collegiate rankings .

It was Dolly 's first encounter with the imperturbable nature of a British Army sergeant , and it made her want to spit .
it was dolly 's first [meet] with the imperturbable nature of a british army sergeant , and it made her want to spit .

Do n't ask any of the ‘ Artist Encounter ’ panellists .
do n't ask any of the ‘ artist [meet] ’ panellists .

‘ Artists Encounter ’ one : Jim Bob makes a point to Shitman
‘ artists [meet] ’ one : jim bob makes a point to shitman

The artist alienates her objets trouvés through clever arrangements and marriages of incompatible elements — as in the Lautreamontesque encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella on a dissecting table .
the artist alienates her objets trouvés through clever arrangements and marriages of incompatible elements — as in the lautreamontesque [meet] of a sewing machine and an umbrella on a dissecting table .

When the first girl was engaged their first encounter was in a narrow passage .
when the first girl was engaged their first [meet] was in a narrow passage .

Chance encounter
chance [meet]

This is an invaluable reference book which will explain the puzzling and amusing references to British life that you and your students may encounter in reading or conversation .
this is an invaluable reference book which will explain the puzzling and amusing references to british life that you and your students may [meet] in reading or conversation .

The first part of this course is set at a level that closes the gap which students frequently encounter between Intermediate and Upper Intermediate .
the first part of this course is set at a level that closes the gap which students frequently [meet] between intermediate and upper intermediate .

Fanfare ensures that children 's first , all-important encounter with English is a highly pleasurable experience .
fanfare ensures that children 's first , all-important [meet] with english is a highly pleasurable experience .

How can the social encounter best be described and managed by the teacher ? Classroom Interaction stimulates teachers to explore the implications of the subject and , as a result , to understand and guide their learners ' initiative to greater effect .
how can the social [meet] best be described and managed by the teacher ? classroom interaction stimulates teachers to explore the implications of the subject and , as a result , to understand and guide their learners ' initiative to greater effect .

Toy Box ensures that a child 's first encounter with English will be a positive one .
toy box ensures that a child 's first [meet] with english will be a positive one .

This does not invalidate them or render them somehow doubtful — for they are indispensable — but it locates them and their validity firmly within the context of the mind 's encounter with experience rather than elsewhere .
this does not invalidate them or render them somehow doubtful — for they are indispensable — but it locates them and their validity firmly within the context of the mind 's [meet] with experience rather than elsewhere .

Throughout his work he circled endlessly around the question of what it is to be a Christian , to have faith , to encounter God .
throughout his work he circled endlessly around the question of what it is to be a christian , to have faith , to [meet] god .

Man stands over against the awful otherness of God , by which his own existence is challenged , questioned and judged ; but in faith he finds the power nonetheless to live in that encounter with God by which each present moment becomes a meeting with eternity .
man stands over against the awful otherness of god , by which his own existence is challenged , questioned and judged ; but in faith he finds the power nonetheless to live in that [meet] with god by which each present moment becomes a meeting with eternity .

This ‘ moment ’ is itself a point in our own time and history , but insofar as it is also the encounter with eternity , it is the ‘ eternal moment ’ , and shares something of the quality of the intersection of time and eternity in Jesus himself .
this ‘ moment ’ is itself a point in our own time and history , but insofar as it is also the [meet] with eternity , it is the ‘ eternal moment ’ , and shares something of the quality of the intersection of time and eternity in jesus himself .

The encounter between time and eternity can not be fitted into either pattern of interpretation .
the [meet] between time and eternity can not be fitted into either pattern of interpretation .

It is an imaginative reaching out to grasp the reality of God , to encounter and respond to his will , and to find in him living truth .
it is an imaginative reaching out to grasp the reality of god , to [meet] and respond to his will , and to find in him living truth .

He can be met , really met , only in the encounter in which we finite creatures of time and history are confronted by the One who is infinite and eternal , and who remains infinite and eternal and ‘ wholly Other ’ than ourselves in that meeting .
he can be met , really met , only in the [meet] in which we finite creatures of time and history are confronted by the one who is infinite and eternal , and who remains infinite and eternal and ‘ wholly other ’ than ourselves in that meeting .

As a result , the nineteenth-century approaches had misconceived the nature of God 's Word itself , turning it into a spiritual ideal , a heroic example , or a set of ethical norms , and interpreted Jesus accordingly , instead of recognising in him the perennially contemporary event of the encounter of time with eternity , the intersection of the finite by the infinite , by which everything human and creaturely is contradicted in its self-enclosedness and opened up to the reality of God .
as a result , the nineteenth-century approaches had misconceived the nature of god 's word itself , turning it into a spiritual ideal , a heroic example , or a set of ethical norms , and interpreted jesus accordingly , instead of recognising in him the perennially contemporary event of the [meet] of time with eternity , the intersection of the finite by the infinite , by which everything human and creaturely is contradicted in its self-enclosedness and opened up to the reality of god .

Echoing Kant , he insisted that any properly objective enquiry could not impose on its material methods worked out in advance or in relation to some other topic ; only within the context of encounter with and experience of the object itself could it discover how to speak of it and enquire into it .
echoing kant , he insisted that any properly objective enquiry could not impose on its material methods worked out in advance or in relation to some other topic ; only within the context of [meet] with and experience of the object itself could it discover how to speak of it and enquire into it .

He was in fact becoming increasingly dissatisfied with an exclusive concentration on the infinite qualitative difference , and the encounter in the eternal moment .
he was in fact becoming increasingly dissatisfied with an exclusive concentration on the infinite qualitative difference , and the [meet] in the eternal moment .

An objection which has been raised by Jürgen Moltmann ( see chapter 7 ) and by others who have been concerned to set our present time in the light of the eschatological emphasis of the New Testament is that Barth and his allies in the 1920s who aimed to recover that emphasis in fact misinterpreted it by twisting it into the ‘ eternal moment ’ of the encounter between time and eternity , ; and that his mature theology distorted it in a-different but equally damaging fashion by swallowing up the whole of time and history in the central history of Jesus Christ , and by dissolving that away in turn in the eternal self-determination of God within the council of the Trinity to be ‘ God for man ’ .
an objection which has been raised by jürgen moltmann ( see chapter 7 ) and by others who have been concerned to set our present time in the light of the eschatological emphasis of the new testament is that barth and his allies in the 1920s who aimed to recover that emphasis in fact misinterpreted it by twisting it into the ‘ eternal moment ’ of the [meet] between time and eternity , ; and that his mature theology distorted it in a-different but equally damaging fashion by swallowing up the whole of time and history in the central history of jesus christ , and by dissolving that away in turn in the eternal self-determination of god within the council of the trinity to be ‘ god for man ’ .

No local Koi fan can fail , sooner or later , to encounter George Peacock .
no local koi fan can fail , sooner or later , to [meet] george peacock .

If it is pulling water from the bottom of the pool , you are more likely to encounter blockage than with a mid-water feed .
if it is pulling water from the bottom of the pool , you are more likely to [meet] blockage than with a mid-water feed .

Use the crowbar to prise the frame from the wall . Pull out any large cut nails you encounter as you go
use the crowbar to prise the frame from the wall . pull out any large cut nails you [meet] as you go

The design of a machine or device which is assigned as an aid for one person will not usually encounter the problems associated with elaborate design teams just described , but nevertheless some human factors sensitivity will help to provide a better product .
the design of a machine or device which is assigned as an aid for one person will not usually [meet] the problems associated with elaborate design teams just described , but nevertheless some human factors sensitivity will help to provide a better product .

He handled and advised Tom Molyneux , the next black figure on the sporting scene , and actually fought until 181 5 , five years after the famous Molyneux-Cribb encounter , which Henderson describes as ‘ the first great fistic battle of the century ’ ( 1949 , p. 17 ) .
he handled and advised tom molyneux , the next black figure on the sporting scene , and actually fought until 181 5 , five years after the famous molyneux-cribb [meet] , which henderson describes as ‘ the first great fistic battle of the century ’ ( 1949 , p. 17 ) .

Or the awareness may arrive in a sudden moment of revelation , one vivid encounter bringing with it the perception of blackness .
or the awareness may arrive in a sudden moment of revelation , one vivid [meet] bringing with it the perception of blackness .

My own work and that of Barry Troyna ( 1978 ) has strongly indicated that , at around school-leaving age or just before , black youths encounter an incident or many which incline them to reconsider their own identities .
my own work and that of barry troyna ( 1978 ) has strongly indicated that , at around school-leaving age or just before , black youths [meet] an incident or many which incline them to reconsider their own identities .

This encounter should take place either just before dawn or just after dusk , so that the half-light makes it difficult to tell what is real and what is false .
this [meet] should take place either just before dawn or just after dusk , so that the half-light makes it difficult to tell what is real and what is false .

During this encounter the Ghosts are not subject to instability until they touch an adventurer , someone uses the name of Sigmar Heldenhammer , or one of their number is hit by a magical weapon .
during this [meet] the ghosts are not subject to instability until they touch an adventurer , someone uses the name of sigmar heldenhammer , or one of their number is hit by a magical weapon .

Rather than stage a formal encounter using either of these groups , we leave it to you to decide if — and how — to deploy them .
rather than stage a formal [meet] using either of these groups , we leave it to you to decide if — and how — to deploy them .

This , in fact , is the most likely place for the adventurers to encounter Bardul the Hunchback ( see Castle Dwellers in the chapter Adventuring in Castle Drachenfels ) .
this , in fact , is the most likely place for the adventurers to [meet] bardul the hunchback ( see castle dwellers in the chapter adventuring in castle drachenfels ) .

For example , a prediction can be tied into a later encounter in the Castle , or to an encounter on the way back to the adventurers ' base .
for example , a prediction can be tied into a later [meet] in the castle , or to an [meet] on the way back to the adventurers ' base .

If the adventurers return to this room after a first encounter , the puppets ‘ remember ’ the events of the first meeting and will make suitably sarcastic comments .
if the adventurers return to this room after a first [meet] , the puppets ‘ remember ’ the events of the first meeting and will make suitably sarcastic comments .

Although losses may be equal , the side that is the better able to sustain them will derive most benefit from any encounter .
although losses may be equal , the side that is the better able to sustain them will derive most benefit from any [meet] .

The brief encounter often comes with the brief stopover in the oasis of a job .
the brief [meet] often comes with the brief stopover in the oasis of a job .

Elizabeth Taylor remembers that brief encounter too .
elizabeth taylor remembers that brief [meet] too .

We had to sail ( or rather motor ) the boat precisely along three straight line courses , changing from one to the next at exactly the right places otherwise we would have a most unpleasant encounter with Bogha nan Ramfhear .
we had to sail ( or rather motor ) the boat precisely along three straight line courses , changing from one to the next at exactly the right places otherwise we would have a most unpleasant [meet] with bogha nan ramfhear .

At the same time we recommended that pupils should ‘ encounter and find pleasure in literary works written in English — particularly new works — from different parts of the world ’ .
at the same time we recommended that pupils should ‘ [meet] and find pleasure in literary works written in english — particularly new works — from different parts of the world ’ .

They will encounter and come to understand a wide range of feelings and relationships by entering vicariously the worlds of others , and in consequence are likely to understand more of themselves .
they will [meet] and come to understand a wide range of feelings and relationships by entering vicariously the worlds of others , and in consequence are likely to understand more of themselves .

Sauvy 's slimeball , however , is a beast of more exotic pedigree , an oozing being from outer space which has the ill fortune to meet a pair of climbers as its first encounter with human civilisation .
sauvy 's slimeball , however , is a beast of more exotic pedigree , an oozing being from outer space which has the ill fortune to meet a pair of climbers as its first [meet] with human civilisation .

But in the New Testament we encounter a change : the tense is a resounding present indicative — the Kingdom is here !
but in the new testament we [meet] a change : the tense is a resounding present indicative — the kingdom is here !

‘ If we encounter fog over the North Atlantic we will turn on the radar , switch on the Satnav , and start the engines .
‘ if we [meet] fog over the north atlantic we will turn on the radar , switch on the satnav , and start the engines .

The lighters of the way — the female guide who you may encounter on your life 's journey , the fairy godmother whose intervention solves all problems .
the lighters of the way — the female guide who you may [meet] on your life 's journey , the fairy godmother whose intervention solves all problems .

Little more than a year earlier there had been that never-to-be-forgotten encounter at the inn .
little more than a year earlier there had been that never-to-be-forgotten [meet] at the inn .

Jack O'Dandy , the innkeeper , and that brutal encounter — even they of a sudden held meaning .
jack o'dandy , the innkeeper , and that brutal [meet] — even they of a sudden held meaning .

Shocking as the assault had been , it had prepared her for another encounter — an encounter with a youth of her own age , bewildered and uneasy , one called to high estate who found himself of a sudden alone on the edge of an abyss …
shocking as the assault had been , it had prepared her for another [meet] — an [meet] with a youth of her own age , bewildered and uneasy , one called to high estate who found himself of a sudden alone on the edge of an abyss …

Edward , whose joyful encounter with Joan de Warenne had given him a further reason for wishing to gain his freedom , sought for some means of contacting his mother .
edward , whose joyful [meet] with joan de warenne had given him a further reason for wishing to gain his freedom , sought for some means of contacting his mother .

The best neo-Marxism has obviously benefited from its serious , though critical , encounter with the best modern social science ( Roemer , 1986 ) .
the best neo-marxism has obviously benefited from its serious , though critical , [meet] with the best modern social science ( roemer , 1986 ) .

As one follows Lévi-Strauss , or any of his leading adherents , down the misty corridors of thought , each offering access to a new and more profound level of structure , successive mysteries are revealed until , within the inner sanctum of the ‘ deep structure ’ , we encounter ‘ the human mind ’ ( the usual translation offered by Lévi-Strauss 's English supporters of his esprit humain ) .
as one follows lévi-strauss , or any of his leading adherents , down the misty corridors of thought , each offering access to a new and more profound level of structure , successive mysteries are revealed until , within the inner sanctum of the ‘ deep structure ’ , we [meet] ‘ the human mind ’ ( the usual translation offered by lévi-strauss 's english supporters of his esprit humain ) .

It should be appreciated , however , that exactly the same kind of analysis as we shall develop here could be made equally revealingly of practical , everyday communism , Christianity , the apartheid philosophy of white South Africa , l the delusions of the mentally ill , or , as Ernest Gellner so tellingly shows , contemporary linguistic philosophy.2 So while our quest to understand the mysteries of witchcraft may take us deep into the inaccessible jungles of distant continents , we shall regularly encounter disconcertingly familiar images showing how dose to home we really are .
it should be appreciated , however , that exactly the same kind of analysis as we shall develop here could be made equally revealingly of practical , everyday communism , christianity , the apartheid philosophy of white south africa , l the delusions of the mentally ill , or , as ernest gellner so tellingly shows , contemporary linguistic philosophy.2 so while our quest to understand the mysteries of witchcraft may take us deep into the inaccessible jungles of distant continents , we shall regularly [meet] disconcertingly familiar images showing how dose to home we really are .

Here we encounter the intriguing problem of how much witchcraft is considered by the Zande to be a conscious or unconscious process .
here we [meet] the intriguing problem of how much witchcraft is considered by the zande to be a conscious or unconscious process .

My point , however , is that here we encounter a main morality-religion sustained by a complex and composite spiritual hierarchy which is a veritable fount of divine justice and retribution .
my point , however , is that here we [meet] a main morality-religion sustained by a complex and composite spiritual hierarchy which is a veritable fount of divine justice and retribution .

Kent had strength in depth , scoring 9–0 whitewashes against Dorset and Hants. , Isle of Wight , with a 6–3 win against Herts , the latter being a tight encounter with two of their winning rubbers going to three sets .
kent had strength in depth , scoring 9–0 whitewashes against dorset and hants. , isle of wight , with a 6–3 win against herts , the latter being a tight [meet] with two of their winning rubbers going to three sets .

People at work encounter many hazards , arising from toxic substances , dangerous machinery or the physical environment .
people at work [meet] many hazards , arising from toxic substances , dangerous machinery or the physical environment .

Visitors can enjoy refreshments from the ‘ Brief Encounter ’ station buffet in North Junction signal box or board the static advanced Passenger Train located alongside the main London to Glasgow rail line .
visitors can enjoy refreshments from the ‘ brief [meet] ’ station buffet in north junction signal box or board the static advanced passenger train located alongside the main london to glasgow rail line .

However , teachers may encounter children at school who still have visual problems although cataracts have been removed .
however , teachers may [meet] children at school who still have visual problems although cataracts have been removed .

Barraga ( 1976 ) focuses on encouraging a positive and challenging approach to the visually handicapped child 's encounter with every-day surroundings , considering that most mishaps and collisions are a part of learning for future independence , since ‘ Expanding knowledge through using the body , combined with interpretation is the key to continuous refinement in motor skills for blind children and youth throughout their lives .
barraga ( 1976 ) focuses on encouraging a positive and challenging approach to the visually handicapped child 's [meet] with every-day surroundings , considering that most mishaps and collisions are a part of learning for future independence , since ‘ expanding knowledge through using the body , combined with interpretation is the key to continuous refinement in motor skills for blind children and youth throughout their lives .

Likewise , here she was now , years later , in Schiaparelli , heading for a fateful encounter which would completely and utterly change her life , my life , all our lives .
likewise , here she was now , years later , in schiaparelli , heading for a fateful [meet] which would completely and utterly change her life , my life , all our lives .

He played very cool tennis after his tough first round encounter with twelve year old Adrian Barnes , dropping only eleven games in the three further matches he needed to reach the final .
he played very cool tennis after his tough first round [meet] with twelve year old adrian barnes , dropping only eleven games in the three further matches he needed to reach the final .

Another release by Pentaline is ‘ Sabina 's Encounter ’ , a film that deals with barrenness in Africa .
another release by pentaline is ‘ sabina 's [meet] ’ , a film that deals with barrenness in africa .

Each encounter represents a potential flashpoint unless your dog is properly trained .
each [meet] represents a potential flashpoint unless your dog is properly trained .

Children are particularly at risk , and can be scarred for life from a serious encounter .
children are particularly at risk , and can be scarred for life from a serious [meet] .

If you encounter a specific behavioural problem later , it may also be worth discussing this with your vet in case a medical condition could be responsible , and treatment can be provided .
if you [meet] a specific behavioural problem later , it may also be worth discussing this with your vet in case a medical condition could be responsible , and treatment can be provided .

If you encounter problems , you may want to kneel down alongside the dog , keeping your hand in place over the hindquarters and the leash in an upright position .
if you [meet] problems , you may want to kneel down alongside the dog , keeping your hand in place over the hindquarters and the leash in an upright position .

In an emergency this may prevent a dog from straying into a potentially dangerous situation , for example if you should suddenly encounter riders on horseback when you are out for a walk along a narrow path .
in an emergency this may prevent a dog from straying into a potentially dangerous situation , for example if you should suddenly [meet] riders on horseback when you are out for a walk along a narrow path .

You may actually encounter more problems when using public transport , simply because you have less control over events .
you may actually [meet] more problems when using public transport , simply because you have less control over events .

If you are on holiday with your dog , for example , you may encounter a canal or a similar stretch of water unexpectedly , and it will be important to ensure that your dog does not plunge into its depths , as this could be dangerous .
if you are on holiday with your dog , for example , you may [meet] a canal or a similar stretch of water unexpectedly , and it will be important to ensure that your dog does not plunge into its depths , as this could be dangerous .

In spite of all your endeavours , there may be times when you encounter difficulties in the training process .
in spite of all your endeavours , there may be times when you [meet] difficulties in the training process .

If you encounter difficulties in this respect , do not hesitate to seek the advice of an animal behaviourist , since individual cases may benefit immensely from specific advice .
if you [meet] difficulties in this respect , do not hesitate to seek the advice of an animal behaviourist , since individual cases may benefit immensely from specific advice .

The relationship is initiated by an encounter when the object or being reveals itself as ‘ people ’ ( beri ) — a person with consciousness — in a dream , trance , or during a waking state in the jungle .
the relationship is initiated by an [meet] when the object or being reveals itself as ‘ people ’ ( beri ) — a person with consciousness — in a dream , trance , or during a waking state in the jungle .

Some years ago , a local man reported an encounter with a monster while fishing in the loch and was positive about it but no further sightings have since been claimed .
some years ago , a local man reported an [meet] with a monster while fishing in the loch and was positive about it but no further sightings have since been claimed .

Wire fences are not something that wild elephants encounter every day , so this behaviour could hardly have been learned , still less inherited .
wire fences are not something that wild elephants [meet] every day , so this behaviour could hardly have been learned , still less inherited .

In this case , there was an encounter between two individuals , one of which was sporting a rather battered shell .
in this case , there was an [meet] between two individuals , one of which was sporting a rather battered shell .

One suggestion is that males and females rarely encounter each other .
one suggestion is that males and females rarely [meet] each other .

The advantage for the butterfly is that if a bird seizes it by the wings , and is reminded of some earlier unpleasant experience with the species and its toxin , it will release the insect unharmed : a bluejay that has never seen a monarch butterfly will readily catch and eat it ; but within 15–30 minutes the toxins in the butterfly 's body cause the bird to vomit , and one such encounter is sufficient to make a bluejay avoid monarchs thereafter .
the advantage for the butterfly is that if a bird seizes it by the wings , and is reminded of some earlier unpleasant experience with the species and its toxin , it will release the insect unharmed : a bluejay that has never seen a monarch butterfly will readily catch and eat it ; but within 15–30 minutes the toxins in the butterfly 's body cause the bird to vomit , and one such [meet] is sufficient to make a bluejay avoid monarchs thereafter .

‘ We are today standing at a historic crossroads , ’ Mr Suzuki told a conference in ( most appositely ) Hawaii , ‘ a crossroads where the many civilizations encounter each other in this Pacific region .
‘ we are today standing at a historic crossroads , ’ mr suzuki told a conference in ( most appositely ) hawaii , ‘ a crossroads where the many civilizations [meet] each other in this pacific region .

Only 92 men at arms and 2 priests began the route-march , for Balboa was a prudent organizer , keenly interested in security , and he insisted that the others from Santa Maria remained at the base camp , denying them their expected encounter with immortality .
only 92 men at arms and 2 priests began the route-march , for balboa was a prudent organizer , keenly interested in security , and he insisted that the others from santa maria remained at the base camp , denying them their expected [meet] with immortality .

Yeremi and Biff eyed one another , and Lexandro , remembering their previous savage encounter ; while Lexandro himself assumed an air of disdain at the presence of two such … companions .
yeremi and biff eyed one another , and lexandro , remembering their previous savage [meet] ; while lexandro himself assumed an air of disdain at the presence of two such … companions .

This argument is an example of the pitfalls that one can encounter when one talks about infinite systems .
this argument is an example of the pitfalls that one can [meet] when one talks about infinite systems .

Usually such very small building enterprises will be engaged on work of short duration and will therefore be less prone to encounter the problems associated with the valuation of work in progress discussed in Chapter 12 .
usually such very small building enterprises will be engaged on work of short duration and will therefore be less prone to [meet] the problems associated with the valuation of work in progress discussed in chapter 12 .

He knew that this was no accidental encounter .
he knew that this was no accidental [meet] .

After our dour 3–0 defeat against Leech , we certainly had that carefree spirit in our midweek encounter with champions Gosling Celtic .
after our dour 3–0 defeat against leech , we certainly had that carefree spirit in our midweek [meet] with champions gosling celtic .

‘ More to the point , as they struggle to find their way to the coast — having realised the nature of their predicament , pendant to an encounter with their hairy forefathers that will leave half their number blinded and trepanned and two-thirds of the remainder dying from blood poisoning — they will gradually come to see the uttermost folly of their own moral precepts , their spiritual baggage , their transcendental ballast .
‘ more to the point , as they struggle to find their way to the coast — having realised the nature of their predicament , pendant to an [meet] with their hairy forefathers that will leave half their number blinded and trepanned and two-thirds of the remainder dying from blood poisoning — they will gradually come to see the uttermost folly of their own moral precepts , their spiritual baggage , their transcendental ballast .

You will encounter fiery ‘ reminders .
you will [meet] fiery ‘ reminders .

That at least was something to congratulate himself on , but there had been nothing else in the encounter to afford the Colonel any consolation .
that at least was something to congratulate himself on , but there had been nothing else in the [meet] to afford the colonel any consolation .

The ministers involved recognize that MPs are being well briefed and though they will not necessarily concede directly they encounter a good case , they will usually move the amendment themselves at a later stage .
the ministers involved recognize that mps are being well briefed and though they will not necessarily concede directly they [meet] a good case , they will usually move the amendment themselves at a later stage .

It is the difference between a necessary empirical shift , when reasoning is taken across to one of its presumed objects and must take the full strain of the encounter , and a deceptive ( because falsely generalized ) empiricism , in which certain kinds of attention to certain presumptively autonomous objects are held to be justified and protected by the terms of an unargued immediacy .
it is the difference between a necessary empirical shift , when reasoning is taken across to one of its presumed objects and must take the full strain of the [meet] , and a deceptive ( because falsely generalized ) empiricism , in which certain kinds of attention to certain presumptively autonomous objects are held to be justified and protected by the terms of an unargued immediacy .

The ‘ magico-religious ’ relates to the encounter with perceived human limits ( some of them , as seen by others , historically determinate , but to almost all there and then , and to many always , intractable ) and the consequent making of images or stories in that distinguishable area .
the ‘ magico-religious ’ relates to the [meet] with perceived human limits ( some of them , as seen by others , historically determinate , but to almost all there and then , and to many always , intractable ) and the consequent making of images or stories in that distinguishable area .

Try as Mrs Crump did — a sidle into the hallway , an uncharacteristic visit to the stables , even a late saunter down the road towards the village and the lake — she could not engineer an early encounter with the glamorous newcomer and so had to keep her patience until the morning .
try as mrs crump did — a sidle into the hallway , an uncharacteristic visit to the stables , even a late saunter down the road towards the village and the lake — she could not engineer an early [meet] with the glamorous newcomer and so had to keep her patience until the morning .

Indeed , the concept of judicial independence is deemed to entail not merely the freedom of judges from responsibility to the political executive , but their active duty to protect the citizen against the political executive or its agents , and to act , in the state 's encounter with members of society , as the defenders of the latter 's rights and liberties … But in any case , the judiciary is an integral part of the state system , which affects , often profoundly , the exercise of state power .
indeed , the concept of judicial independence is deemed to entail not merely the freedom of judges from responsibility to the political executive , but their active duty to protect the citizen against the political executive or its agents , and to act , in the state 's [meet] with members of society , as the defenders of the latter 's rights and liberties … but in any case , the judiciary is an integral part of the state system , which affects , often profoundly , the exercise of state power .

What is particularly noteworthy is the fact that , despite the relative paucity of religious output compared to , say , news or drama , many people do choose to encounter religious programming .
what is particularly noteworthy is the fact that , despite the relative paucity of religious output compared to , say , news or drama , many people do choose to [meet] religious programming .

Each service should be approached as a fresh encounter , with the eager expectation of glimpsing the glory of God .
each service should be approached as a fresh [meet] , with the eager expectation of glimpsing the glory of god .

Among those Cabinet Ministers entrusted with the discussions the view was expressed that in talking to the Burmese they would not encounter ‘ the purely ‘ Bazaar approach ’ .
among those cabinet ministers entrusted with the discussions the view was expressed that in talking to the burmese they would not [meet] ‘ the purely ‘ bazaar approach ’ .

’ They were still bruised from the Nehru — Jinnah encounter !
’ they were still bruised from the nehru — jinnah [meet] !

Nkrumah 's first encounter with Nehru was less happy .
nkrumah 's first [meet] with nehru was less happy .

Had the young people been law-breakers of the son which writer and reader would seldom encounter socially , no such justification would have been necessary .
had the young people been law-breakers of the son which writer and reader would seldom [meet] socially , no such justification would have been necessary .

Very broadly stated , it is a duty to treat the trespasser with ordinary humanity … the occupier is not at fault if he has done as much as is required of him , if he has taken reasonable steps to deter the trespasser from entering or remaining on the premises , or part of the premises , in which he will encounter a dangerous situation .
very broadly stated , it is a duty to treat the trespasser with ordinary humanity … the occupier is not at fault if he has done as much as is required of him , if he has taken reasonable steps to deter the trespasser from entering or remaining on the premises , or part of the premises , in which he will [meet] a dangerous situation .

Our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .
our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we [meet] , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .

This becomes evident if one considers the goods we encounter in terms of some fairly simple criteria .
this becomes evident if one considers the goods we [meet] in terms of some fairly simple criteria .

Such goods might be divided into those we possess and those we encounter but do not possess .
such goods might be divided into those we possess and those we [meet] but do not possess .

These may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private purchase or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we encounter as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .
these may in turn be sub-divided ; goods possessed may comprise either the results of private purchase or goods allocated by the state , while goods not possessed tend to fall into two categories : first , those we [meet] as material forms , in particular the built environment , the goods of our acquaintances or those in the high street shop , and secondly , goods we do not experience directly , but which appear to us through the media — for example in television , magazines and advertising .

The long-wave school tends to see historical phases more cyclically , and to encounter repetitions and similarities between cycles .
the long-wave school tends to see historical phases more cyclically , and to [meet] repetitions and similarities between cycles .

Idea and emotion , actor and audience , are momentarily united in a rich encounter which occurs on many symbolic levels .
idea and emotion , actor and audience , are momentarily united in a rich [meet] which occurs on many symbolic levels .

Negotiating skill is more than simply being able to ‘ get on with people ’ , it demands the art of managing an encounter with a polluter .
negotiating skill is more than simply being able to ‘ get on with people ’ , it demands the art of managing an [meet] with a polluter .

He normally decides when an encounter with a discharger is appropriate and the kind of negotiation to conduct .
he normally decides when an [meet] with a discharger is appropriate and the kind of negotiation to conduct .

Knowing the area also means knowing the people well , especially those the officer will regularly encounter . After all , he is well-placed to make himself a familiar figure to the discharger :
knowing the area also means knowing the people well , especially those the officer will regularly [meet] . after all , he is well-placed to make himself a familiar figure to the discharger :

Does this mean that , whenever we encounter a deviance that can be cured either by adjustment of grammar or lexical content , we can take it that semantics is involved ? Unfortunately , no : such a deviance may be purely grammatical . Sentence 11a , for instance , can be normalised either by grammatical adjustment ( 11b ) or by lexical adjustment ( 11c ) :
does this mean that , whenever we [meet] a deviance that can be cured either by adjustment of grammar or lexical content , we can take it that semantics is involved ? unfortunately , no : such a deviance may be purely grammatical . sentence 11a , for instance , can be normalised either by grammatical adjustment ( 11b ) or by lexical adjustment ( 11c ) :

He is still vividly scarred from his recent encounter with a lion .
he is still vividly scarred from his recent [meet] with a lion .

Gentlemen may venture as far as the gun room , but the door at the end of the housekeeper 's corridor prevents an encounter with any but upper servants of their own sex .
gentlemen may venture as far as the gun room , but the door at the end of the housekeeper 's corridor prevents an [meet] with any but upper servants of their own sex .

It is illustrated by Rowlandson who takes evident delight in depicting the encounter of the gentry with peasant life ( Fig .
it is illustrated by rowlandson who takes evident delight in depicting the [meet] of the gentry with peasant life ( fig .

As we explore the ramifications of their anatomy we shall encounter a good deal of the stupidity , the greed and self-interest , the plain conservatism — just human resistance to change of any kind — as well as the pure evil of human nature , working itself out in bricks and stone and mortar .
as we explore the ramifications of their anatomy we shall [meet] a good deal of the stupidity , the greed and self-interest , the plain conservatism — just human resistance to change of any kind — as well as the pure evil of human nature , working itself out in bricks and stone and mortar .

Where once it was the main streets of the decaying inner city which hosted the most fearsome encounter between Britons and their most improbable and intimidating other — black youth — now it is the classrooms and staff rooms of the inner-city school which frame the same conflict and provide the most potent terms with which to make sense of racial difference .
where once it was the main streets of the decaying inner city which hosted the most fearsome [meet] between britons and their most improbable and intimidating other — black youth — now it is the classrooms and staff rooms of the inner-city school which frame the same conflict and provide the most potent terms with which to make sense of racial difference .

‘ Fighting talk ’ stakes its claim to credibility through the narrative conventions of autobiographical realism ; the continual citation of ‘ first hand ’ experience conveys an implicit message that it is their encounter with black people which has led these boys to adopt racist arguments and not any external ideological influence .
‘ fighting talk ’ stakes its claim to credibility through the narrative conventions of autobiographical realism ; the continual citation of ‘ first hand ’ experience conveys an implicit message that it is their [meet] with black people which has led these boys to adopt racist arguments and not any external ideological influence .

In Egypt one will encounter tourists in Cairo , Luxor and Aswan , and occasionally in Alexandria .
in egypt one will [meet] tourists in cairo , luxor and aswan , and occasionally in alexandria .

We did encounter one organisation , again in engineering , which appeared to invest quite heavily In the training of persons it was recruiting on a temporary basis .
we did [meet] one organisation , again in engineering , which appeared to invest quite heavily in the training of persons it was recruiting on a temporary basis .

But this only gave us a taste of the variety of altered states we would encounter ahead .
but this only gave us a taste of the variety of altered states we would [meet] ahead .

Isolated for long periods amongst little-known peoples , our sole defence lay in a sort of encounter therapy , a complete vulnerability to our hosts ' ways of being and seeing .
isolated for long periods amongst little-known peoples , our sole defence lay in a sort of [meet] therapy , a complete vulnerability to our hosts ' ways of being and seeing .

It was to be our first encounter with the `` Bisus `` , a bizarre peripatetic sect of transvestite and largely hermaphrodite Bugis priests who , it later transpired , were performing the traditional trance rite to accompany rice-planting .
it was to be our first [meet] with the `` bisus `` , a bizarre peripatetic sect of transvestite and largely hermaphrodite bugis priests who , it later transpired , were performing the traditional trance rite to accompany rice-planting .

Every encounter became a challenge , a test of strength .
every [meet] became a challenge , a test of strength .

Even our Bugis , quite familiar with flying foxes , paled at the encounter , but Tandri was not deterred from his hazardous method .
even our bugis , quite familiar with flying foxes , paled at the [meet] , but tandri was not deterred from his hazardous method .

All this marking and writing and reference back and forth between different textbooks and notes is the correct way to deal with impersonal communication of the kind that you encounter in your studies .
all this marking and writing and reference back and forth between different textbooks and notes is the correct way to deal with impersonal communication of the kind that you [meet] in your studies .

There may never be a court action — such an experience is uncommon for the average report writer — but criticism and attack you will certainly encounter .
there may never be a court action — such an experience is uncommon for the average report writer — but criticism and attack you will certainly [meet] .

The astronaut is not launched into space without many months of simulation of the conditions he will encounter .
the astronaut is not launched into space without many months of simulation of the conditions he will [meet] .

Birds occasionally encounter bad weather , but usually they are successful at predicting favourable conditions .
birds occasionally [meet] bad weather , but usually they are successful at predicting favourable conditions .

She remembered her last encounter with Alexander and failed yet again to understand her own behaviour .
she remembered her last [meet] with alexander and failed yet again to understand her own behaviour .

That woman is many English children 's first encounter with death , lying there knees to chin , folded , flaking , tendons taut .
that woman is many english children 's first [meet] with death , lying there knees to chin , folded , flaking , tendons taut .

Look at this script of a typical `` Introductions and greetings `` dialogue : In this encounter the language communicates greetings , introduction , invitation and information .
look at this script of a typical `` introductions and greetings `` dialogue : in this [meet] the language communicates greetings , introduction , invitation and information .

When the river broadened , the Avignon began to encounter other craft that had started downstream from Saigon on the favourable tide , and Joseph wondered why the battered-looking Chinese junks , with their shabby , patched sails , did n't sink as they lumbered past among a succession of grimy workhorse freighters from Europe and Latin America .
when the river broadened , the avignon began to [meet] other craft that had started downstream from saigon on the favourable tide , and joseph wondered why the battered-looking chinese junks , with their shabby , patched sails , did n't sink as they lumbered past among a succession of grimy workhorse freighters from europe and latin america .

Since waking that morning his thoughts had returned constantly to the encounter with the unknown Moi girl , and every time he recalled what had happened he felt a surge of exhilaration course through him .
since waking that morning his thoughts had returned constantly to the [meet] with the unknown moi girl , and every time he recalled what had happened he felt a surge of exhilaration course through him .

It was a face that Joseph and Flavia Sherman would have recognized instantly from their encounter with the Annamese journalist in the palace of Khai Dinh at Tet exactly five years earlier because it had changed little , if at all , in the interval of time .
it was a face that joseph and flavia sherman would have recognized instantly from their [meet] with the annamese journalist in the palace of khai dinh at tet exactly five years earlier because it had changed little , if at all , in the interval of time .

Although Reese manages to bomb the Terminator before himself dying after their final encounter in a factory — a rigid fibreglass replica was used for the explosion shot — the skeletal robot , minus both legs and one arm , still manages to pursue and finally catch Sarah .
although reese manages to bomb the terminator before himself dying after their final [meet] in a factory — a rigid fibreglass replica was used for the explosion shot — the skeletal robot , minus both legs and one arm , still manages to pursue and finally catch sarah .

Cohen and Uphoff ( 1 ) have shown that genuine participation happens only when there is involvement in decision-making and evaluation ; at a time when we often encounter a definite cynicism in many quarters concerning the whole matter of community involvement in health such examples are inspiring .
cohen and uphoff ( 1 ) have shown that genuine participation happens only when there is involvement in decision-making and evaluation ; at a time when we often [meet] a definite cynicism in many quarters concerning the whole matter of community involvement in health such examples are inspiring .

Gazing at the blue fabric , she noted that Ivan , ever present when least wanted , was intently watching this less than interesting encounter from a position just behind and below Henrietta 's left shoulder .
gazing at the blue fabric , she noted that ivan , ever present when least wanted , was intently watching this less than interesting [meet] from a position just behind and below henrietta 's left shoulder .

Her own college , at first encounter , struck her as somewhat dimly conformist , with long brown corridors and an unexpectedly high proportion of young women apparently wrapped up in the triumphs of yesteryear on the hockey field or in the prefects ' Common Room , but even there she had discovered part of what she was looking for : in the persons of Liz Ablewhite ( now Headleand ) and Esther Breuer ( still Breuer ) she had discovered it , and rediscovered it there each time she met them , which was , these days , on average once a fortnight .
her own college , at first [meet] , struck her as somewhat dimly conformist , with long brown corridors and an unexpectedly high proportion of young women apparently wrapped up in the triumphs of yesteryear on the hockey field or in the prefects ' common room , but even there she had discovered part of what she was looking for : in the persons of liz ablewhite ( now headleand ) and esther breuer ( still breuer ) she had discovered it , and rediscovered it there each time she met them , which was , these days , on average once a fortnight .

Alternatively , the man or woman may be trying to create a more intimate atmosphere as a prelude to a sexual encounter .
alternatively , the man or woman may be trying to create a more intimate atmosphere as a prelude to a sexual [meet] .

Kuhn recognizes that paradigms will always encounter difficulties .
kuhn recognizes that paradigms will always [meet] difficulties .

In a famous encounter between Robert Byrne and Bobby Fischer in 1963 , Fischer seemed to have lost the game by the 21st move .
in a famous [meet] between robert byrne and bobby fischer in 1963 , fischer seemed to have lost the game by the 21st move .

Such episodes may , of course , be confused as passing acknowledgements , but the readiness to exchange such signals is one of the ways in which we register the normality of the passing scene and it is when we encounter consistent anomalies in the broadcast that we begin to suspect and perhaps report something odd .
such episodes may , of course , be confused as passing acknowledgements , but the readiness to exchange such signals is one of the ways in which we register the normality of the passing scene and it is when we [meet] consistent anomalies in the broadcast that we begin to suspect and perhaps report something odd .

In a word , governments have made themselves unpopular with their manifold ‘ failures ’ , those failures are traceable to their basic failure to restructure the social relations of British capitalism , and yet there has been no social force with the ‘ will ’ and capacity to enforce any radical restructuring against the opposition which any such move must encounter .
in a word , governments have made themselves unpopular with their manifold ‘ failures ’ , those failures are traceable to their basic failure to restructure the social relations of british capitalism , and yet there has been no social force with the ‘ will ’ and capacity to enforce any radical restructuring against the opposition which any such move must [meet] .

Details such as these reinforce the ideal that the object before the viewer is a record of an actual and sustained encounter between the artist and the model , as opposed to being drawn from the artist 's imagination or from reproductions .
details such as these reinforce the ideal that the object before the viewer is a record of an actual and sustained [meet] between the artist and the model , as opposed to being drawn from the artist 's imagination or from reproductions .

Possibly , after what might be described as puritanical streaks through the 1980s , and after the theorising of desire and the occasional turning of the body into a no-go area , there is a need to explore pleasure — in the artist , the artwork and the audience ; the pleasure in that three-way encounter .
possibly , after what might be described as puritanical streaks through the 1980s , and after the theorising of desire and the occasional turning of the body into a no-go area , there is a need to explore pleasure — in the artist , the artwork and the audience ; the pleasure in that three-way [meet] .

Cleese Encounter
cleese [meet]

For Philip , the encounter has been a bizarre and disturbing diversion from his ordinary world .
for philip , the [meet] has been a bizarre and disturbing diversion from his ordinary world .

You have to remember only that from each such encounter he must , to make the story one of continuing progress and placate Thomas Ozro MacAdoo , take some new fact , something that leads him on , in most cases , to another confrontation — and take us , the readers , with him .
you have to remember only that from each such [meet] he must , to make the story one of continuing progress and placate thomas ozro macadoo , take some new fact , something that leads him on , in most cases , to another confrontation — and take us , the readers , with him .

The first encounter took place there on 29 January 1573 .
the first [meet] took place there on 29 january 1573 .

Rostov grinned at the memory of a recent face-to-face encounter .
rostov grinned at the memory of a recent face-to-face [meet] .

There is evidence to support the theory that the whole system was disrupted at some point , either by the passage of a comet or else by an encounter with an interstellar storm .
there is evidence to support the theory that the whole system was disrupted at some point , either by the passage of a comet or else by an [meet] with an interstellar storm .

The possibility of an encounter with their descendants , and the inevitability of the conflict which would follow , was the recurring nightmare which disturbed sleep at the highest levels of the Imperium .
the possibility of an [meet] with their descendants , and the inevitability of the conflict which would follow , was the recurring nightmare which disturbed sleep at the highest levels of the imperium .

The party began to encounter scouts or sentries along the way , and Rostov guessed that they were approaching a camp or a settlement .
the party began to [meet] scouts or sentries along the way , and rostov guessed that they were approaching a camp or a settlement .

Since no one knew what they were likely to encounter once they entered the Alan country .
since no one knew what they were likely to [meet] once they entered the alan country .

Just as the new ministers encounter groups of civil servants within their departments with policy concerns that conflict with their own , so too they encounter local authorities keen to take new initiatives .
just as the new ministers [meet] groups of civil servants within their departments with policy concerns that conflict with their own , so too they [meet] local authorities keen to take new initiatives .

And so , one Test apiece , to Adelaide for the third encounter .
and so , one test apiece , to adelaide for the third [meet] .

Not many hours passed before the Press had the story of the encounter in the supposed privacy of the dressing-room .
not many hours passed before the press had the story of the [meet] in the supposed privacy of the dressing-room .

Authors can also encounter some more serious difficulties .
authors can also [meet] some more serious difficulties .

Doctors are often understandably reluctant on first encounter with a patient to obtain the detailed personal history necessary to assess his or her risk category .
doctors are often understandably reluctant on first [meet] with a patient to obtain the detailed personal history necessary to assess his or her risk category .

All these are likely to encounter dementia in the course of their work .
all these are likely to [meet] dementia in the course of their work .

It is not an exaggeration to maintain that the fundamental determining factor in Nizan 's global experience was his encounter with Marxism and his deep personal involvement in the French communist party .
it is not an exaggeration to maintain that the fundamental determining factor in nizan 's global experience was his [meet] with marxism and his deep personal involvement in the french communist party .

1917 : the breaking of the father , the move to Paris , the first encounter with Sartre , the beginning of the struggle .
1917 : the breaking of the father , the move to paris , the first [meet] with sartre , the beginning of the struggle .

Nizan 's transition to the higher education system in 1924 , his first encounter with the fundamentally different educational environment of the Ecole Normale Superieure , coincided with a drastic reappraisal of the educational solution itself and projected Nizan into a downward spiral of crisis and despair . ``
nizan 's transition to the higher education system in 1924 , his first [meet] with the fundamentally different educational environment of the ecole normale superieure , coincided with a drastic reappraisal of the educational solution itself and projected nizan into a downward spiral of crisis and despair . ``

In 1935 Louis Aragon proudly proclaimed to the world that his encounter with communism and the revolutionary society of the Soviet Union had transformed him into an entirely new man , had rejuvenated him , re-educated him , and in the process cured him of the social disease of his bourgeois class origins .
in 1935 louis aragon proudly proclaimed to the world that his [meet] with communism and the revolutionary society of the soviet union had transformed him into an entirely new man , had rejuvenated him , re-educated him , and in the process cured him of the social disease of his bourgeois class origins .

The pupils from Sutton gained from the experience of mixing with a wider range of pupils than they normally encounter .
the pupils from sutton gained from the experience of mixing with a wider range of pupils than they normally [meet] .

The science that children encounter in school sometimes introduces domains of which children have little or no everyday experience .
the science that children [meet] in school sometimes introduces domains of which children have little or no everyday experience .

But the depth of experience on which children can rely when they encounter a new topic varies from one topic to another .
but the depth of experience on which children can rely when they [meet] a new topic varies from one topic to another .

Even when children encounter facts in books or are told the ‘ correct ’ explanation , it does not mean that they will necessarily believe them . One 11 year old who was asked about the shape of the Earth replied that he knew he was supposed to say that it was shaped like a sphere , but that he thought people only say that so that it would fit easily on a globe :
even when children [meet] facts in books or are told the ‘ correct ’ explanation , it does not mean that they will necessarily believe them . one 11 year old who was asked about the shape of the earth replied that he knew he was supposed to say that it was shaped like a sphere , but that he thought people only say that so that it would fit easily on a globe :

The type of practice which the ordinary citizen is most likely to encounter is the partnership of between two and four solicitors , who will employ one assistant solicitor , one articled clerk ( trainee solicitor ) , two legal executives and seven clerical staff .
the type of practice which the ordinary citizen is most likely to [meet] is the partnership of between two and four solicitors , who will employ one assistant solicitor , one articled clerk ( trainee solicitor ) , two legal executives and seven clerical staff .

He was twenty-two or three , he was French , and to him also the encounter may have appeared as something handed on a platter .
he was twenty-two or three , he was french , and to him also the [meet] may have appeared as something handed on a platter .

They are neither necessary nor sufficient , and in brief spoken exchanges , it is quite common to encounter sequences of sentences that are almost entirely bare of them .
they are neither necessary nor sufficient , and in brief spoken exchanges , it is quite common to [meet] sequences of sentences that are almost entirely bare of them .

What problems do you encounter ?
what problems do you [meet] ?

Account for each clause of the following newspaper report in terms of the writer 's assumptions of what is given and new information for the reader . What problems do you encounter ?
account for each clause of the following newspaper report in terms of the writer 's assumptions of what is given and new information for the reader . what problems do you [meet] ?

In each encounter with discourse , we start with a set of assumptions , whose accuracy we seek to improve .
in each [meet] with discourse , we start with a set of assumptions , whose accuracy we seek to improve .

It may be the case that we are capable of deriving a specific conclusion ( 7c ) from specific premises ( 7a ) and ( 7b ) , via deductive inference , but we are rarely asked to do so in the everyday discourse we encounter .
it may be the case that we are capable of deriving a specific conclusion ( 7c ) from specific premises ( 7a ) and ( 7b ) , via deductive inference , but we are rarely asked to do so in the everyday discourse we [meet] .

Given the knowledge of context the analyst has , he should find this a fairly unsurprising utterance . It is very rarely the case in real life that we can predict in detail the form and content of the language which we will encounter , but , given all of the ethnographic information we have specified , the actual occurring utterance is much more likely ( hence , we assume , much more readily processed by the addressee ) than any of the following ‘ utterances ’ which did not occur :
given the knowledge of context the analyst has , he should find this a fairly unsurprising utterance . it is very rarely the case in real life that we can predict in detail the form and content of the language which we will [meet] , but , given all of the ethnographic information we have specified , the actual occurring utterance is much more likely ( hence , we assume , much more readily processed by the addressee ) than any of the following ‘ utterances ’ which did not occur :

The place of the original utterance is hardly relevant but where you would encounter the text is .
the place of the original utterance is hardly relevant but where you would [meet] the text is .

The natural effort of hearers and readers alike is to attribute relevance and coherence to the text they encounter until they are forced not to .
the natural effort of hearers and readers alike is to attribute relevance and coherence to the text they [meet] until they are forced not to .

As they dive , so they once more encounter the Gulf Stream .
as they dive , so they once more [meet] the gulf stream .

Emerging from the cave they encounter the masked form of Koquillion , who bids them to fetch the Doctor at once .
emerging from the cave they [meet] the masked form of koquillion , who bids them to fetch the doctor at once .

People continued to go about their daily lives , make their plans , take decisions , eat , drink , love , pray for a good harvest , pray for rain , in complete ignorance of the dramatic effect this far-off encounter would have on their lives .
people continued to go about their daily lives , make their plans , take decisions , eat , drink , love , pray for a good harvest , pray for rain , in complete ignorance of the dramatic effect this far-off [meet] would have on their lives .

For chaos was the natural state and there could be no protection against the chance encounter of the Manchurian marmot and the black rat .
for chaos was the natural state and there could be no protection against the chance [meet] of the manchurian marmot and the black rat .

Had not done so since that first encounter .
had not done so since that first [meet] .

Uncle Vernon , goaded by the presence of the traveller with the skin grafts , had ruined the festive meal with recollections of his march across France and an encounter in a partially demolished farmhouse outside Lille with a white-haired woman of thirty who as a small child had suffered atrocities in the First World War .
uncle vernon , goaded by the presence of the traveller with the skin grafts , had ruined the festive meal with recollections of his march across france and an [meet] in a partially demolished farmhouse outside lille with a white-haired woman of thirty who as a small child had suffered atrocities in the first world war .

Immediately we encounter the little surprises — the fluff under the bed , the dried dog turds under the sofa , the slime around the sink — the magical substances of domestic life .
immediately we [meet] the little surprises — the fluff under the bed , the dried dog turds under the sofa , the slime around the sink — the magical substances of domestic life .

Robert Strachan , wildlife biologist on an expedition to Peru to study nocturnal mammals , had a more painful encounter with Dermatobia hominis and its delivery-service mosquito .
robert strachan , wildlife biologist on an expedition to peru to study nocturnal mammals , had a more painful [meet] with dermatobia hominis and its delivery-service mosquito .

The trick is to be fully aware of the range of conditions one is likely to encounter and then to select the clothes which offer the greatest versatility and which will cope with the harshest of these conditions .
the trick is to be fully aware of the range of conditions one is likely to [meet] and then to select the clothes which offer the greatest versatility and which will cope with the harshest of these conditions .

The Spirit in the New Testament is ‘ not found anywhere outside the realm of direct and personal encounter with the risen Christ … It would be an advantage if Christian writers would take as their example the actual usage of the Christian Scriptures .
the spirit in the new testament is ‘ not found anywhere outside the realm of direct and personal [meet] with the risen christ … it would be an advantage if christian writers would take as their example the actual usage of the christian scriptures .

Sometimes this initial encounter with the Spirit is seen as a great washing ( 1 Cor .
sometimes this initial [meet] with the spirit is seen as a great washing ( 1 cor .

Soldiers in the Australian Army are facing a new and unexpected enemy — the silence of the country 's desert regions . Army psychologists are attempting to curb fear among troops , used to life in the cities along Australia 's eastern seaboard , of the vast , still space they encounter during operations in the Outback
soldiers in the australian army are facing a new and unexpected enemy — the silence of the country 's desert regions . army psychologists are attempting to curb fear among troops , used to life in the cities along australia 's eastern seaboard , of the vast , still space they [meet] during operations in the outback

It would , for example , be an extraordinary institution which could encompass a thousand or so adolescents and not encounter some difficulty .
it would , for example , be an extraordinary institution which could encompass a thousand or so adolescents and not [meet] some difficulty .

It was the school 's belief that the creation of special units would not solve the behavioural problems which we encounter and furthermore there was little likelihood of re-integration into mainstream schooling ( a view largely substantiated by the available evidence of many of the existing units ) .
it was the school 's belief that the creation of special units would not solve the behavioural problems which we [meet] and furthermore there was little likelihood of re-integration into mainstream schooling ( a view largely substantiated by the available evidence of many of the existing units ) .

After last night 's brief encounter , after that raw eruption of feeling he 'd provoked inside her , had this little scene been engineered deliberately ?
after last night 's brief [meet] , after that raw eruption of feeling he 'd provoked inside her , had this little scene been engineered deliberately ?

As Charles limped along Praed Street , he began to regret dressing up for the encounter , but when he reflected on the exceptional violence of blackmailers in all detective fiction , he decided it was as well to conceal his identity .
as charles limped along praed street , he began to regret dressing up for the [meet] , but when he reflected on the exceptional violence of blackmailers in all detective fiction , he decided it was as well to conceal his identity .

The sweat that had begun in anticipation of what she might encounter in the street now ran in fear of her mother 's rage ; Nunzia 's eyes had gone hard and wrinkled like black olive pips when Rosa had produced the plover , and she had clucked impatiently with her tongue when Rosa lied and said her grandfather had shot it and presented it to her .
the sweat that had begun in anticipation of what she might [meet] in the street now ran in fear of her mother 's rage ; nunzia 's eyes had gone hard and wrinkled like black olive pips when rosa had produced the plover , and she had clucked impatiently with her tongue when rosa lied and said her grandfather had shot it and presented it to her .

Had the encounter taken place at all ?
had the [meet] taken place at all ?

She sensed his fear and , perceiving that he had placed this construction upon their encounter , pressed herself closer to the soft protuberance of his cock , touching his balls with her cheeks , one side and then the other , wheedling the while .
she sensed his fear and , perceiving that he had placed this construction upon their [meet] , pressed herself closer to the soft protuberance of his cock , touching his balls with her cheeks , one side and then the other , wheedling the while .

Lethargy squeezed him the whole of the rest of the day , after his encounter with the mother of the vanished boy .
lethargy squeezed him the whole of the rest of the day , after his [meet] with the mother of the vanished boy .

As winds sweep these chemical pockets into middle latitudes they encounter sunlight and trigger rapid ozone destruction .
as winds sweep these chemical pockets into middle latitudes they [meet] sunlight and trigger rapid ozone destruction .

To encounter a hairy elephant would be alarming ; but the dinosaurs caught and have held the imagination of us all because they seemed dragons .
to [meet] a hairy elephant would be alarming ; but the dinosaurs caught and have held the imagination of us all because they seemed dragons .

‘ How long would the journey take ? And what sort of things might we have to encounter on the road ? ’
‘ how long would the journey take ? and what sort of things might we have to [meet] on the road ? ’

Floy had asked about dangers and what they might expect to encounter , but Fenella did not think it looked especially dangerous .
floy had asked about dangers and what they might expect to [meet] , but fenella did not think it looked especially dangerous .

The train hastened through the flat Thames Valley fields and flat Western suburbs with single-minded impatience ; Tessa felt that everyone aboard , like herself , must be on the way to some metropolitan sexual encounter .
the train hastened through the flat thames valley fields and flat western suburbs with single-minded impatience ; tessa felt that everyone aboard , like herself , must be on the way to some metropolitan sexual [meet] .

Other forms of ‘ non-shivering thermogenesis ’ may be used by human populations that encounter cold .
other forms of ‘ non-shivering thermogenesis ’ may be used by human populations that [meet] cold .

Clips of her conversations with Christine Mills , Marek Nowak and the encounter with Taczek floated before her , flickered like a silent film as she ran her manicured fingernails along the spines of her many books .
clips of her conversations with christine mills , marek nowak and the [meet] with taczek floated before her , flickered like a silent film as she ran her manicured fingernails along the spines of her many books .

When any one of them occurs , the teacher and the parent are likely to experience each other 's behaviour as inappropriate and hence strange and uncooperative , and both may leave the encounter bewildered and disappointed .
when any one of them occurs , the teacher and the parent are likely to experience each other 's behaviour as inappropriate and hence strange and uncooperative , and both may leave the [meet] bewildered and disappointed .

For all she knew , the pilot in the Spitfire pursuing his enemy low across the fields was Johnny , and if anyone were to die in that encounter , it must not be him .
for all she knew , the pilot in the spitfire pursuing his enemy low across the fields was johnny , and if anyone were to die in that [meet] , it must not be him .

In the strengthening light , Cassie saw him with all the clarity and shock of their first encounter , and her flesh shivered with excitement , as it had done even then .
in the strengthening light , cassie saw him with all the clarity and shock of their first [meet] , and her flesh shivered with excitement , as it had done even then .

’ Monboddo and Johnson debated ‘ whether the Savage or the London Shopkeeper had the best existence , : unamazingly , no firm conclusion was reached , apart from Boswell 's recurring delight at how well the encounter went between the two men .
’ monboddo and johnson debated ‘ whether the savage or the london shopkeeper had the best existence , : unamazingly , no firm conclusion was reached , apart from boswell 's recurring delight at how well the [meet] went between the two men .

Their reports of this encounter highlight the difference between Johnson and Boswell as human beings .
their reports of this [meet] highlight the difference between johnson and boswell as human beings .

He does his readers the service of conveying to them the life and living of a family they might never encounter , or have had occasion to consider .
he does his readers the service of conveying to them the life and living of a family they might never [meet] , or have had occasion to consider .

The Flora Macdonald section of Boswell 's Journal lasts for over three thousand words , and in the detail of any one single meeting or encounter enjoyed throughout their whole journey , nothing else compares with it .
the flora macdonald section of boswell 's journal lasts for over three thousand words , and in the detail of any one single meeting or [meet] enjoyed throughout their whole journey , nothing else compares with it .

After the encounter Khrushchev observed that Castro was ‘ like a young horse that has n't been broken .
after the [meet] khrushchev observed that castro was ‘ like a young horse that has n't been broken .

From 23 May , when the first brick smashed through a lorry windscreen , to the final cataclysmic encounter almost four weeks later on 18 June , the violence rose in a series of tidal waves .
from 23 may , when the first brick smashed through a lorry windscreen , to the final cataclysmic [meet] almost four weeks later on 18 june , the violence rose in a series of tidal waves .

Although the media coverage of Hadfields suggested a violent encounter between police and pickets , even on the most serious day of violence , 12 March when seventy-five arrests were made , the confrontation was relatively tame ( ibid .
although the media coverage of hadfields suggested a violent [meet] between police and pickets , even on the most serious day of violence , 12 march when seventy-five arrests were made , the confrontation was relatively tame ( ibid .

There tends to be more division between workers where the strike may be defined as ‘ illegal ’ ; employers are likewise more apt to continue production and employ strikebreakers ; and trade unions are more likely to elicit more public condemnation and encounter ‘ more vigorous state repression ’ when they deliberately flout the law ( ibid .
there tends to be more division between workers where the strike may be defined as ‘ illegal ’ ; employers are likewise more apt to continue production and employ strikebreakers ; and trade unions are more likely to elicit more public condemnation and [meet] ‘ more vigorous state repression ’ when they deliberately flout the law ( ibid .

But they counted as necessary a pair of iron-pointed walking sticks , a clasp-knife , stout hunting-whips to beat off the legions of dogs they were prepared to encounter , and a policeman 's small lantern , since they had been warned that Turkish paper lanterns were useless in a hurricane .
but they counted as necessary a pair of iron-pointed walking sticks , a clasp-knife , stout hunting-whips to beat off the legions of dogs they were prepared to [meet] , and a policeman 's small lantern , since they had been warned that turkish paper lanterns were useless in a hurricane .

People 's propensity to misjudge the context of a reference is an indication of their willingness to assimilate the situations they encounter to paradigms of thought and action with which they are familiar , however misleading or falsifying this process of assimilation might be .
people 's propensity to misjudge the context of a reference is an indication of their willingness to assimilate the situations they [meet] to paradigms of thought and action with which they are familiar , however misleading or falsifying this process of assimilation might be .

Brooke-Rose 's engagement with feminist theory is typical of her encounter with literary theory in general .
brooke-rose 's engagement with feminist theory is typical of her [meet] with literary theory in general .

In their encounter with Xorandor , Jip and Zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .
in their [meet] with xorandor , jip and zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .

You encounter as if they were a sort of home Fountains of fern that jet from the coarse loam .
you [meet] as if they were a sort of home fountains of fern that jet from the coarse loam .

And the first one you will encounter as a first-time buyer is the choice between the two basic types of loan — repayment and endowment .
and the first one you will [meet] as a first-time buyer is the choice between the two basic types of loan — repayment and endowment .

This latest encounter between the two sides promises to be more exciting than ever before .
this latest [meet] between the two sides promises to be more exciting than ever before .

If they buy on credit are they likely to encounter difficulties in repaying the loan ?
if they buy on credit are they likely to [meet] difficulties in repaying the loan ?

Aimed at the amateur , it begins by offering advice on how to assess a building for any structural failures followed by a step-by-step guide to the most common problems you are likely to encounter , including how to repair walls and roofs , dealing with damp and choosing doors and windows to suit the style of the property .
aimed at the amateur , it begins by offering advice on how to assess a building for any structural failures followed by a step-by-step guide to the most common problems you are likely to [meet] , including how to repair walls and roofs , dealing with damp and choosing doors and windows to suit the style of the property .

The near vicinity offers excursions to the legendary Bran Castle for a haunting encounter with Count Dracula 's past , or dining and dancing in the nearby mediaeval town of Brasov .
the near vicinity offers excursions to the legendary bran castle for a haunting [meet] with count dracula 's past , or dining and dancing in the nearby mediaeval town of brasov .

Recreational skiers tense up when they encounter fear , be it due to difficult snow conditions , moguls or gradient .
recreational skiers tense up when they [meet] fear , be it due to difficult snow conditions , moguls or gradient .

And so , as so often before , we have the encounter of good and evil .
and so , as so often before , we have the [meet] of good and evil .

The second force defining the modern West has been the intensive and intense encounter with other cultures brought about by imperialist expansion .
the second force defining the modern west has been the intensive and intense [meet] with other cultures brought about by imperialist expansion .

This confrontation has assumed its most intense and confrontational form in the encounter with Islam .
this confrontation has assumed its most intense and confrontational form in the [meet] with islam .

They 're just what you would expect to encounter on safari — except that the backdrop for these elephants is not the wilderness of Africa 's vast plains but the flower-bedecked veranda of a neat house .
they 're just what you would expect to [meet] on safari — except that the backdrop for these elephants is not the wilderness of africa 's vast plains but the flower-bedecked veranda of a neat house .

The generation which designed cantilevered structures for Jane Russell , had Marilyn looking permanently over-ripe and arranged a sexual encounter between Jane Fonda and machinery , has given way to a society which is hooked on fitness .
the generation which designed cantilevered structures for jane russell , had marilyn looking permanently over-ripe and arranged a sexual [meet] between jane fonda and machinery , has given way to a society which is hooked on fitness .

Boris Anrep , for instance , whom the Berkeleys used to encounter when they stayed with Maud Russell at Mottisfont , gave them the model he painted for the mosaics which were intended for the apse of Westminster Cathedral ( it stands on the chest of drawers in their bedroom ) and Hugh Honour and John Fleming gave them the marble hermaphrodite which reclines on the top of a bookcase in the study .
boris anrep , for instance , whom the berkeleys used to [meet] when they stayed with maud russell at mottisfont , gave them the model he painted for the mosaics which were intended for the apse of westminster cathedral ( it stands on the chest of drawers in their bedroom ) and hugh honour and john fleming gave them the marble hermaphrodite which reclines on the top of a bookcase in the study .

One report even tells of an encounter with a yeti-like creature .
one report even tells of an [meet] with a yeti-like creature .

Nicol , since the disastrous encounter near Ullesthorpe , had had five days to make his way lamely across country to reach Sub-Prior Herluin and make his report .
nicol , since the disastrous [meet] near ullesthorpe , had had five days to make his way lamely across country to reach sub-prior herluin and make his report .

It was the first time Hugh had seen him , and he came to the encounter with sharp and wary interest .
it was the first time hugh had seen him , and he came to the [meet] with sharp and wary interest .

He was not so simple as to believe that the danger would be over when Aldhelm went home frustrated , but what followed he would have to encounter and parry when it came .
he was not so simple as to believe that the danger would be over when aldhelm went home frustrated , but what followed he would have to [meet] and parry when it came .

Apart from that early sexual encounter , which did not count as love , there had been Peter Datchett and two others .
apart from that early sexual [meet] , which did not count as love , there had been peter datchett and two others .

Their students learn that to make effective choices about what to say , how , when and whether to say it , a speaker has to take contextual elements into account : the topic involved , the setting of the encounter , the role relationship between the speakers , the extent of shared knowledge between them , any cultural expectations one or other might have and so on .
their students learn that to make effective choices about what to say , how , when and whether to say it , a speaker has to take contextual elements into account : the topic involved , the setting of the [meet] , the role relationship between the speakers , the extent of shared knowledge between them , any cultural expectations one or other might have and so on .

Our trainers , as many of you do , will encounter students from different cultural backgrounds who will have different traditions in learning .
our trainers , as many of you do , will [meet] students from different cultural backgrounds who will have different traditions in learning .

He whirled from the door , heart still pumping madly from his encounter in the basement .
he whirled from the door , heart still pumping madly from his [meet] in the basement .

Charlotte realized he was still stage-managing their encounter , moving Holly into and out of the wings as and when it suited him .
charlotte realized he was still stage-managing their [meet] , moving holly into and out of the wings as and when it suited him .

Any member of staff who sat down at his or her desk and wept with sorrow at the pain they are constantly having to encounter in their customers ' lives , anyone who wept with frustration at their helplessness in the face of the world suffering that they perceive would be considered mentally unstable .
any member of staff who sat down at his or her desk and wept with sorrow at the pain they are constantly having to [meet] in their customers ' lives , anyone who wept with frustration at their helplessness in the face of the world suffering that they perceive would be considered mentally unstable .

As with doctors , there are always nurses whose personal strengths are such that they can openly and lovingly respond to a patient 's pain , grief and distress without needing defences . Stephani Cook described one such encounter when at the limits of her courage :
as with doctors , there are always nurses whose personal strengths are such that they can openly and lovingly respond to a patient 's pain , grief and distress without needing defences . stephani cook described one such [meet] when at the limits of her courage :

An encounter without real warmth , without loving feelings , but exciting in its strangeness , may help achieve his climax within the woman but will only reinforce the message of prison that life is simpler without feelings .
an [meet] without real warmth , without loving feelings , but exciting in its strangeness , may help achieve his climax within the woman but will only reinforce the message of prison that life is simpler without feelings .

By creating and maintaining institutions that deny feelings of warmth and tenderness , by encouraging male competitive and aggressive styles of human encounter , prisons are killing off in prisoners those qualities most likely to help re-establish them in the community .
by creating and maintaining institutions that deny feelings of warmth and tenderness , by encouraging male competitive and aggressive styles of human [meet] , prisons are killing off in prisoners those qualities most likely to help re-establish them in the community .

In the confusion of this anger both men and women may turn to a friend or even a stranger for a sexual encounter , often to the scandal of friends and neighbours .
in the confusion of this anger both men and women may turn to a friend or even a stranger for a sexual [meet] , often to the scandal of friends and neighbours .

In this encounter and during many others following , as it turned out , his God proved more willing to try him than to catch him up to safety ; and in this trial of his will , Kit Everard failed .
in this [meet] and during many others following , as it turned out , his god proved more willing to try him than to catch him up to safety ; and in this trial of his will , kit everard failed .

The tree was gleaming green with new foliage that had broken out from the charred branches of the first encounter between the English and the islanders .
the tree was gleaming green with new foliage that had broken out from the charred branches of the first [meet] between the english and the islanders .

For it turned out that she felt protective towards the actor George Felix and preferred to keep their encounter private .
for it turned out that she felt protective towards the actor george felix and preferred to keep their [meet] private .

Perhaps the most significant aspect of any culture is its language , and there , above all , we encounter the most obvious signs of difference across the disciplines .
perhaps the most significant aspect of any culture is its language , and there , above all , we [meet] the most obvious signs of difference across the disciplines .

For the learning which students acquire is learning how to respond to what they encounter .
for the learning which students acquire is learning how to respond to what they [meet] .

All these examples are part and parcel of what we can encounter in higher education courses .
all these examples are part and parcel of what we can [meet] in higher education courses .

If managers wish to integrate divisionalised structures or geographically dispersed branches , for example , by promoting a strong ‘ central ’ culture , they may encounter resistance among the sub-units .
if managers wish to integrate divisionalised structures or geographically dispersed branches , for example , by promoting a strong ‘ central ’ culture , they may [meet] resistance among the sub-units .

The encounter with the bull made a great impression on George Sadler who came to the rescue ; and he left a written account of it .
the [meet] with the bull made a great impression on george sadler who came to the rescue ; and he left a written account of it .

He wrote it down in his ledger which he used as a kind of diary-cum-commonplace book : and by the vigour of his writing he has brought the encounter vividly to life :
he wrote it down in his ledger which he used as a kind of diary-cum-commonplace book : and by the vigour of his writing he has brought the [meet] vividly to life :

An encounter with a French frigate delayed their final sailing so that they could not reach Sumatra in time .
an [meet] with a french frigate delayed their final sailing so that they could not reach sumatra in time .

, the single most important encounter of his brief life .
, the single most important [meet] of his brief life .

He tried to suggest it was a casual encounter as he stepped from the shadows , but realized at once that his subterfuge was painfully obvious .
he tried to suggest it was a casual [meet] as he stepped from the shadows , but realized at once that his subterfuge was painfully obvious .

Tonight she was particularly nervous , after the encounter with that boy at the pictures .
tonight she was particularly nervous , after the [meet] with that boy at the pictures .

Their bodies can be mapped out like butchers ’ charts … Touch one of the forbidden areas — breast , rump or loin , and you encounter resistance … ’
their bodies can be mapped out like butchers ’ charts … touch one of the forbidden areas — breast , rump or loin , and you [meet] resistance … ’

If it seems likely that a particular march will encounter a large and aggressively hostile opposition , the proper course is for the police to organise in such a way as to protect the marchers against the opposition .
if it seems likely that a particular march will [meet] a large and aggressively hostile opposition , the proper course is for the police to organise in such a way as to protect the marchers against the opposition .

Among other things , this means that we have to learn to recognise the sounds , spellings and meanings of individual words , and to store this information in such a way that we can call upon it when we encounter spoken or written words .
among other things , this means that we have to learn to recognise the sounds , spellings and meanings of individual words , and to store this information in such a way that we can call upon it when we [meet] spoken or written words .

At the new Grand Central in New York there was a separate waiting-room for gangs of labourers and immigrants , with its own attendants , so designed that these groups need not encounter other passengers .
at the new grand central in new york there was a separate waiting-room for gangs of labourers and immigrants , with its own attendants , so designed that these groups need not [meet] other passengers .

Excursions were regularly organized by churches and chapels , firms , clubs , street committees , and this for many would be the great occasion of their encounter with the railway station .
excursions were regularly organized by churches and chapels , firms , clubs , street committees , and this for many would be the great occasion of their [meet] with the railway station .

When he reported this encounter to Control , Donleavy hit the roof and summoned him to Frankfurt .
when he reported this [meet] to control , donleavy hit the roof and summoned him to frankfurt .

Donleavy had thought seriously about the chance encounter with Hurley , and , on balance , had decided that they might turn it to account , although …
donleavy had thought seriously about the chance [meet] with hurley , and , on balance , had decided that they might turn it to account , although …

He was attempting to comfort Cleo , who had been uncharacteristically silent since their encounter with the children .
he was attempting to comfort cleo , who had been uncharacteristically silent since their [meet] with the children .

Wycliffe stood , irresolute , wondering how best to turn this chance encounter to advantage . ‘ Your grandmother died four months ago ; has her death had much effect on family relationships ? ’
wycliffe stood , irresolute , wondering how best to turn this chance [meet] to advantage . ‘ your grandmother died four months ago ; has her death had much effect on family relationships ? ’

Wycliffe suspected that the encounter between Fox and Clarence had not been a meeting of kindred souls .
wycliffe suspected that the [meet] between fox and clarence had not been a meeting of kindred souls .

It looked like two rooms in one , because that 's what it was ; Joe had recognised the layout as that of a disused encounter studio , a place whose sole commodity would once have been three or four minutes of stilted conversation with a naked woman in the armchair .
it looked like two rooms in one , because that 's what it was ; joe had recognised the layout as that of a disused [meet] studio , a place whose sole commodity would once have been three or four minutes of stilted conversation with a naked woman in the armchair .

The glass would prevent contact , and when the time ran out she 'd stand and draw the velvet curtain across to end the encounter .
the glass would prevent contact , and when the time ran out she 'd stand and draw the velvet curtain across to end the [meet] .

Our thoughts are with the circles of family and friends that you have given us , and we pray for those we meet , our neighbours , the people we work with , those we encounter in shops and businesses .
our thoughts are with the circles of family and friends that you have given us , and we pray for those we meet , our neighbours , the people we work with , those we [meet] in shops and businesses .

Immediate cover is also available and , once this takes effect , customers can call upon a Businessure support team should they encounter any problems or need any advice .
immediate cover is also available and , once this takes effect , customers can call upon a businessure support team should they [meet] any problems or need any advice .

Despite the weather conditions this year , everyone enjoyed the day out and are already looking forward to next year 's encounter .
despite the weather conditions this year , everyone enjoyed the day out and are already looking forward to next year 's [meet] .

The other encounter was with a young white couple , Don and Penny .
the other [meet] was with a young white couple , don and penny .

Instead , we encounter an apparently different concept `` of figural decoration .
instead , we [meet] an apparently different concept `` of figural decoration .

Of course he would not think this encounter a dream .
of course he would not think this [meet] a dream .

The first , and lengthiest , presents a group of Neanderthal people and their encounter with homo sapiens .
the first , and lengthiest , presents a group of neanderthal people and their [meet] with homo sapiens .

In the final chapter the narrator relates the actions of the new people as they flee from their encounter with the Neanderthalers .
in the final chapter the narrator relates the actions of the new people as they flee from their [meet] with the neanderthalers .

We first encounter Anderson , a professor of ethics , on board a plane for Prague , where he has been invited to speak at a philosophy conference .
we first [meet] anderson , a professor of ethics , on board a plane for prague , where he has been invited to speak at a philosophy conference .

On the ground most larvae are active ; although they require a film of water for movement and are stimulated by light and temperature , it is now thought that larval movement is mostly random and encounter with grass blades accidental .
on the ground most larvae are active ; although they require a film of water for movement and are stimulated by light and temperature , it is now thought that larval movement is mostly random and [meet] with grass blades accidental .

There are 2 kinds of errors which you could still encounter ; errors of logic and run-time errors .
there are 2 kinds of errors which you could still [meet] ; errors of logic and run-time errors .

Beneath that wild , impulsive exterior lurked as sophisticated a character as she was ever likely to encounter .
beneath that wild , impulsive exterior lurked as sophisticated a character as she was ever likely to [meet] .

And so , about a week after their last direct encounter , she found herself one evening waiting up for him , sitting with a glass of vodka and tonic in the drawing-room , long after Silvia had gone to bed .
and so , about a week after their last direct [meet] , she found herself one evening waiting up for him , sitting with a glass of vodka and tonic in the drawing-room , long after silvia had gone to bed .

did anyone encounter any trouble from Hibs fans in Edinburgh pre season .
did anyone [meet] any trouble from hibs fans in edinburgh pre season .

( To a first approximation , one is likely to encounter the first type if f is a little higher than f and the second type if f is a little lower than f . )
( to a first approximation , one is likely to [meet] the first type if f is a little higher than f and the second type if f is a little lower than f . )

Katrina Lithgow 's work shows , often painfully , this encounter between the perceived and the real .
katrina lithgow 's work shows , often painfully , this [meet] between the perceived and the real .

Another picture of Summerchild comes into my mind , another encounter in the darkness of the unmade-up lane .
another picture of summerchild comes into my mind , another [meet] in the darkness of the unmade-up lane .

Jeremy Montagu , an early member of Musica Reservata , is a leading authority on ‘ world ’ instruments ; David Munrow collected them avidly ; John Sothcott , a founder member of Musica Reservata , always wanted to play in a Bulgarian folk ensemble and his contribution to one of Reservata 's most notorious recordings was inspired by a chance encounter with a record of Romanian music in a Hampstead shop .
jeremy montagu , an early member of musica reservata , is a leading authority on ‘ world ’ instruments ; david munrow collected them avidly ; john sothcott , a founder member of musica reservata , always wanted to play in a bulgarian folk ensemble and his contribution to one of reservata 's most notorious recordings was inspired by a chance [meet] with a record of romanian music in a hampstead shop .

For the rest of her stay on the island , she did n't let the ragged emotions of that near-miss encounter with Guy trouble her mind for a single waking minute .
for the rest of her stay on the island , she did n't let the ragged emotions of that near-miss [meet] with guy trouble her mind for a single waking minute .

‘ Idiot ! ’ Sophie laughed , but there was a warm feeling in her heart as she contemplated the fact that in such a small place it was quite likely she would encounter her chance acquaintance again .
‘ idiot ! ’ sophie laughed , but there was a warm feeling in her heart as she contemplated the fact that in such a small place it was quite likely she would [meet] her chance acquaintance again .

One minute they were having a philosophical discussion , and the next a very physical encounter , in which Shelley felt that her companion had the greater advantage .
one minute they were having a philosophical discussion , and the next a very physical [meet] , in which shelley felt that her companion had the greater advantage .

She was making too much of the encounter .
she was making too much of the [meet] .

For a confused moment she felt as if it might be her own subconscious , ridiculously exhilarated by an encounter her intellect had found dreadful , humiliating and anxiety-provoking .
for a confused moment she felt as if it might be her own subconscious , ridiculously exhilarated by an [meet] her intellect had found dreadful , humiliating and anxiety-provoking .

But somehow this latest encounter with Matthew had been even more disturbing than their encounter in the cupboard .
but somehow this latest [meet] with matthew had been even more disturbing than their [meet] in the cupboard .

One last encounter .
one last [meet] .

She 'd worried that seeing Nicolo tonight would make her feel uncomfortable , but it had n't , except for that first unpleasant encounter .
she 'd worried that seeing nicolo tonight would make her feel uncomfortable , but it had n't , except for that first unpleasant [meet] .

Those two years had also made her wiser and a darn sight more wary so , vulnerable or not , there was no way she would risk another close encounter of the erotic kind .
those two years had also made her wiser and a darn sight more wary so , vulnerable or not , there was no way she would risk another close [meet] of the erotic kind .

Merely imagining the contexts in which we encounter electronic systems offers some ideas about the diversity of electronically stored information .
merely imagining the contexts in which we [meet] electronic systems offers some ideas about the diversity of electronically stored information .

The problems they encounter in creating and interpreting them are as sophisticated and as complex as they come .
the problems they [meet] in creating and interpreting them are as sophisticated and as complex as they come .

Her eyes were bright and her face pink , but she said nothing about their encounter with Matthew and Sara felt it would be prying to ask questions .
her eyes were bright and her face pink , but she said nothing about their [meet] with matthew and sara felt it would be prying to ask questions .

Other place-name ingredients which the traveller and map-reader will frequently encounter are :
other place-name ingredients which the traveller and map-reader will frequently [meet] are :

An unambitious enough menu — and what a delicious surprise it would be to encounter such a meal at any one of those country town Hôtels des Voyageurs , du Commerce , du Lion d'Or , to which my own business affairs in France now take me .
an unambitious enough menu — and what a delicious surprise it would be to [meet] such a meal at any one of those country town hôtels des voyageurs , du commerce , du lion d'or , to which my own business affairs in france now take me .

The only other smell you are likely to encounter that could be confused with badger musk is that of the fox .
the only other smell you are likely to [meet] that could be confused with badger musk is that of the fox .

They did not take the direct coastal route ( 13:17 ) because they were unready to encounter the Philistine forces .
they did not take the direct coastal route ( 13:17 ) because they were unready to [meet] the philistine forces .

These are among the most exquisite objects that the microscope-borne explorer will ever encounter .
these are among the most exquisite objects that the microscope-borne explorer will ever [meet] .

And he prepares for his encounter with his mate long before he meets her .
and he prepares for his [meet] with his mate long before he meets her .

On their way upstream , they may encounter waterfalls .
on their way upstream , they may [meet] waterfalls .

The common European toad , when it meets a snake , inflates its body and stands on tip-toe , a procedure that makes it appear to have grown suddenly and that seems to baffle most of the snakes that encounter it .
the common european toad , when it meets a snake , inflates its body and stands on tip-toe , a procedure that makes it appear to have grown suddenly and that seems to baffle most of the snakes that [meet] it .

Here Donaldson draws attention to the importance of the new systems of representation that children encounter in school , in the acquisition of literacy and numeracy .
here donaldson draws attention to the importance of the new systems of representation that children [meet] in school , in the acquisition of literacy and numeracy .

Since deductive explanations are most natural in situations where speakers encounter ( or anticipate ) a conflict between their own and someone else 's beliefs , it may well be that the ability to represent the relationship between two conflicting beliefs helps children appreciate the need for deductive explanations .
since deductive explanations are most natural in situations where speakers [meet] ( or anticipate ) a conflict between their own and someone else 's beliefs , it may well be that the ability to represent the relationship between two conflicting beliefs helps children appreciate the need for deductive explanations .

On the other hand , the context created in the deductive marking experiment did involve the child having knowledge which the addressee ( the Pink Panther ) lacked , and so it was probably more conducive to the production of deductive explanations than many of the contexts children encounter in school .
on the other hand , the context created in the deductive marking experiment did involve the child having knowledge which the addressee ( the pink panther ) lacked , and so it was probably more conducive to the production of deductive explanations than many of the contexts children [meet] in school .

Then they encounter an odd situation .
then they [meet] an odd situation .

And yet in the same lecture he had expressed his belief that the tradition of which he spoke was drawing to a close ; and , in the poem , the encounter with the familiar but only half-glimpsed figure is charged with a sense of transitoriness and loss :
and yet in the same lecture he had expressed his belief that the tradition of which he spoke was drawing to a close ; and , in the poem , the [meet] with the familiar but only half-glimpsed figure is charged with a sense of transitoriness and loss :

She hid more success with the identities of various names that had been puzzling her since their last encounter , and most satisfactorily of all , she placed the baby .
she hid more success with the identities of various names that had been puzzling her since their last [meet] , and most satisfactorily of all , she placed the baby .

Carving a wooden rocking horse is a most satisfying project , though you may well encounter frustrations on the way and times when you think it will never come right , but it will , eventually .
carving a wooden rocking horse is a most satisfying project , though you may well [meet] frustrations on the way and times when you think it will never come right , but it will , eventually .

Unprepared for the circumstances which he would encounter he was assured by them that the Vietminh would not resist and that Cédile , the French Commissioner in the South , had tight control of his forces .
unprepared for the circumstances which he would [meet] he was assured by them that the vietminh would not resist and that cédile , the french commissioner in the south , had tight control of his forces .

But it is , on the whole , primarily among younger people — and even here more among people in their twenties than in their thirties — that we encounter the most notable measure of sexual knowledge , willingness to experiment and non-inhibition .
but it is , on the whole , primarily among younger people — and even here more among people in their twenties than in their thirties — that we [meet] the most notable measure of sexual knowledge , willingness to experiment and non-inhibition .

One never knows when the next encounter will lead to profit .
one never knows when the next [meet] will lead to profit .

But every encounter brings the prospect of profit .
but every [meet] brings the prospect of profit .

It was only too likely that they would encounter dangers beyond the warren and that they would stand in need of some good fighters .
it was only too likely that they would [meet] dangers beyond the warren and that they would stand in need of some good fighters .

Bigwig was racing back across the field , looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly .
bigwig was racing back across the field , looking more agitated than he had at any time since the [meet] with captain holly .

It is difficult at first encounter to appreciate how great a step has been taken in adopting this principle .
it is difficult at first [meet] to appreciate how great a step has been taken in adopting this principle .

At first encounter this conclusion was exceedingly unpalatable to those brought up in the clarity of classical physics .
at first [meet] this conclusion was exceedingly unpalatable to those brought up in the clarity of classical physics .

After this encounter Einstein gave up his specific attempts to undermine the uncertainty principle .
after this [meet] einstein gave up his specific attempts to undermine the uncertainty principle .

Anyone who has had to teach a mathematically based subject will know the difficulties which students encounter in negotiating a new level of abstraction .
anyone who has had to teach a mathematically based subject will know the difficulties which students [meet] in negotiating a new level of abstraction .

Instead they must facilitate the proper mode of encounter between reader and text , that of `` falling in love `` .
instead they must facilitate the proper mode of [meet] between reader and text , that of `` falling in love `` .

The encounter with modernism
the [meet] with modernism

This was one of the questions raised during the Worldwide Anglican Encounter in Bahía , Brazil ( 29 March — 3 April ) , which brought together some 600 women from 47 countries .
this was one of the questions raised during the worldwide anglican [meet] in bahía , brazil ( 29 march — 3 april ) , which brought together some 600 women from 47 countries .

Several bishops and priests also attended the Encounter , which was the first of its kind .
several bishops and priests also attended the [meet] , which was the first of its kind .

Despite their frustrations , the participants felt that this Encounter was an important step forward .
despite their frustrations , the participants felt that this [meet] was an important step forward .

Fraser 's relief at being able to resume a career that looked destined for a premature encounter with the scrapheap is manifest .
fraser 's relief at being able to resume a career that looked destined for a premature [meet] with the scrapheap is manifest .

It was always going to be a tough encounter , with the likelihood of further displays of petulance based on the tourists ' suspicion of the umpires .
it was always going to be a tough [meet] , with the likelihood of further displays of petulance based on the tourists ' suspicion of the umpires .

At once we encounter a problem , namely which legal theory do we contemplate ?
at once we [meet] a problem , namely which legal theory do we contemplate ?

Interreligious encounter , trade in Native Taiwanese children and the Church in South China are the themes of three documentary films which have recently been produced by Kuangchi Program Service .
interreligious [meet] , trade in native taiwanese children and the church in south china are the themes of three documentary films which have recently been produced by kuangchi program service .

‘ Pilgrims in Dialogue — Paths to Interreligious Encounter ’ , is a 65-minute video showing the cooperative efforts of Buddhists , Christians , Muslims and Hindus in bringing peace , development and harmonious living to their communities .
‘ pilgrims in dialogue — paths to interreligious [meet] ’ , is a 65-minute video showing the cooperative efforts of buddhists , christians , muslims and hindus in bringing peace , development and harmonious living to their communities .

Tom Otterness , the sculptor , has created a true epitaph for the Eighties in his ‘ The Real World ’ a pocket Disney and-by-way-of-Hieronymus Bosch in which diminutive doll figures cute at first encounter — cavort in the open air among what are , for them , giants huge Molochian beings awash in and sometimes even exploding with money , money symbolized by thousands of larger-than-life one-cent pieces .
tom otterness , the sculptor , has created a true epitaph for the eighties in his ‘ the real world ’ a pocket disney and-by-way-of-hieronymus bosch in which diminutive doll figures cute at first [meet] — cavort in the open air among what are , for them , giants huge molochian beings awash in and sometimes even exploding with money , money symbolized by thousands of larger-than-life one-cent pieces .

This may be from chronic stress , where our stress tap drips constantly a small amount at a time for months or years , or from sudden stress , when we encounter a specific fear , problem or major life event , which causes the stress tap to turn full on .
this may be from chronic stress , where our stress tap drips constantly a small amount at a time for months or years , or from sudden stress , when we [meet] a specific fear , problem or major life event , which causes the stress tap to turn full on .

The model of the tap and the glass however explains that for some people their first experience of anxiety symptoms was not caused by any specific frightful encounter but rather by the insidious , unapparent build-up of stress , one drop at a time .
the model of the tap and the glass however explains that for some people their first experience of anxiety symptoms was not caused by any specific frightful [meet] but rather by the insidious , unapparent build-up of stress , one drop at a time .

People often feel devastated by an encounter with an aggressive person .
people often feel devastated by an [meet] with an aggressive person .

Interreligious encounter , trade in Native Taiwanese children and the Church in South China are the themes of three documentary films which have recently been produced by Kuangchi Program Service .
interreligious [meet] , trade in native taiwanese children and the church in south china are the themes of three documentary films which have recently been produced by kuangchi program service .

‘ Pilgrims in Dialogue — Paths to Interreligious Encounter ’ , is a 65-minute video showing the cooperative efforts of Buddhists , Christians , Muslims and Hindus in bringing peace , development and harmonious living to their communities .
‘ pilgrims in dialogue — paths to interreligious [meet] ’ , is a 65-minute video showing the cooperative efforts of buddhists , christians , muslims and hindus in bringing peace , development and harmonious living to their communities .

Your challenge was to encounter a dying man or child , the victim of an accident , and to have the presence of mind to rescue his soul , in a terrible elevation to sacred power , by the formula of baptism .
your challenge was to [meet] a dying man or child , the victim of an accident , and to have the presence of mind to rescue his soul , in a terrible elevation to sacred power , by the formula of baptism .

My first encounter with Cambridge ( in 1936 ) was with Mrs Stubbins , my landlady , whose house overlooked Midsummer Common .
my first [meet] with cambridge ( in 1936 ) was with mrs stubbins , my landlady , whose house overlooked midsummer common .

You will undoubtedly encounter prejudice , hostility and misunderstanding .
you will undoubtedly [meet] prejudice , hostility and misunderstanding .

By virtue of being hand-made , all oriental rugs can be said to be unique — a weaver , no matter how hard he or she tries to follow a particular design , will invariably make small mistakes or innovations which will impart some individual flavour to the work — but it is rare to encounter a rug in which the weaver has consciously striven to express his own creative ideas at the expense of a traditional design .
by virtue of being hand-made , all oriental rugs can be said to be unique — a weaver , no matter how hard he or she tries to follow a particular design , will invariably make small mistakes or innovations which will impart some individual flavour to the work — but it is rare to [meet] a rug in which the weaver has consciously striven to express his own creative ideas at the expense of a traditional design .

This is so because the former quite possibly face weaker external constraints and because management may not encounter such sophisticated incentive structures .
this is so because the former quite possibly face weaker external constraints and because management may not [meet] such sophisticated incentive structures .

Any investigation which covers a long span of time is bound to encounter certain special problems .
any investigation which covers a long span of time is bound to [meet] certain special problems .

Does he encounter warm or cold relationships in the home ?
does he [meet] warm or cold relationships in the home ?

If we analyse this scenario we can see why the manager might be surprised about the encounter .
if we analyse this scenario we can see why the manager might be surprised about the [meet] .

Here in the South , hedgerow constituents can comprise oak , beech , ash , wild cherry ( gean or mazzard ) , blackthorn , common hawthorn , Midland hawthorn , crab-apple , dog-rose , hazel , maple , sycamore , buckthorpe , elder , hornbeam , lime , sallow , pussy willow , ivy , holly , yew , gorse , wayfaring tree , guelder rose , dogwood , privet , bullace , spindle , elm and others ! Hawthorn and blackthorn are the most frequently occurring species but you can recognise pointers to the antiquity of the hedgerows you encounter on the ‘ indicator ’ species — hazel , field maple , Midland hawthorn and spindle .
here in the south , hedgerow constituents can comprise oak , beech , ash , wild cherry ( gean or mazzard ) , blackthorn , common hawthorn , midland hawthorn , crab-apple , dog-rose , hazel , maple , sycamore , buckthorpe , elder , hornbeam , lime , sallow , pussy willow , ivy , holly , yew , gorse , wayfaring tree , guelder rose , dogwood , privet , bullace , spindle , elm and others ! hawthorn and blackthorn are the most frequently occurring species but you can recognise pointers to the antiquity of the hedgerows you [meet] on the ‘ indicator ’ species — hazel , field maple , midland hawthorn and spindle .

He argued that thought does not arise out of abstract logical puzzles but from specific problems which we encounter in practice .
he argued that thought does not arise out of abstract logical puzzles but from specific problems which we [meet] in practice .

In real life — or even in the physics laboratory — we frequently encounter objects that are neither gases nor in equilibrium .
in real life — or even in the physics laboratory — we frequently [meet] objects that are neither gases nor in equilibrium .

The reason may lie in what happens to the teachers themselves when they first encounter it , rather than in the use they make of it directly with children over a long period .
the reason may lie in what happens to the teachers themselves when they first [meet] it , rather than in the use they make of it directly with children over a long period .

Here we encounter that fear of the many , the multitude , which is to be a recurring motif in the re-emergence of democracy in the modern era .
here we [meet] that fear of the many , the multitude , which is to be a recurring motif in the re-emergence of democracy in the modern era .

Journal account of an encounter with the Theosophists at The Manor , Sydney , Australia in October 1925
journal account of an [meet] with the theosophists at the manor , sydney , australia in october 1925

This was my first personal encounter with Basil Rocke .
this was my first personal [meet] with basil rocke .

We encounter people who have been dead for years , or improbably have conversations with film stars or royalty .
we [meet] people who have been dead for years , or improbably have conversations with film stars or royalty .

She felt a twinge of compassion for her new fledgling , but it was n't until some ten minutes later that she realized the marquis had not remained untouched by his encounter with the gypsy girl .
she felt a twinge of compassion for her new fledgling , but it was n't until some ten minutes later that she realized the marquis had not remained untouched by his [meet] with the gypsy girl .

Agatha ignored Fidelma and returned to the much more worrying matter of Timothy 's encounter with a chit called Topaz Chilcott .
agatha ignored fidelma and returned to the much more worrying matter of timothy 's [meet] with a chit called topaz chilcott .

She was just someone vaguely in the background of his life to whom he was courtesy itself when they did encounter each other .
she was just someone vaguely in the background of his life to whom he was courtesy itself when they did [meet] each other .

She had confessed her sin and done her penance , but then she would encounter Sister Matthew John again and the same unworthy thought would pop back into her head once more .
she had confessed her sin and done her penance , but then she would [meet] sister matthew john again and the same unworthy thought would pop back into her head once more .

It was a repetition of an earlier encounter .
it was a repetition of an earlier [meet] .

Towards the end of this encounter , or interview , a second man had come in , and sat without saying a word , listening .
towards the end of this [meet] , or interview , a second man had come in , and sat without saying a word , listening .

Nurses are invited to make it known that for one reason or another they may encounter difficulties in attending for work as scheduled .
nurses are invited to make it known that for one reason or another they may [meet] difficulties in attending for work as scheduled .

At least they did not encounter what the builders of the Moscow Underground came up against many years later , a quicksand in their path .
at least they did not [meet] what the builders of the moscow underground came up against many years later , a quicksand in their path .

There are no tunnels and no low bridges to encounter on the train 's journey to Latimer Road .
there are no tunnels and no low bridges to [meet] on the train 's journey to latimer road .

Christoph Eschenbach , in his first encounter with Wagner in the pit , led the Houston Symphony Orchestra in a sensitive performance of the score .
christoph eschenbach , in his first [meet] with wagner in the pit , led the houston symphony orchestra in a sensitive performance of the score .

For example , it is in the family that we first encounter the way in which people who have authority behave , and the differences in the way men and women behave .
for example , it is in the family that we first [meet] the way in which people who have authority behave , and the differences in the way men and women behave .

This agency , called the peer group , is probably the first means by which children encounter ideas and ways of behaving different from those at home .
this agency , called the peer group , is probably the first means by which children [meet] ideas and ways of behaving different from those at home .

The socialisation process pupils encounter in schools therefore involves not only the acquisition of formally defined skills , but also the gaining of many other social skills , such as learning how to live in a group and how to respond to those in authority .
the socialisation process pupils [meet] in schools therefore involves not only the acquisition of formally defined skills , but also the gaining of many other social skills , such as learning how to live in a group and how to respond to those in authority .

But the ‘ truth ’ is not the point at issue ; what matters is that as human beings we necessarily engage in an interpretative process when we encounter others , as they do with us .
but the ‘ truth ’ is not the point at issue ; what matters is that as human beings we necessarily engage in an interpretative process when we [meet] others , as they do with us .

His description of their encounter conforms to the usual descriptions with the general 's immense sense of presence and concomitant dramatic side-effects .
his description of their [meet] conforms to the usual descriptions with the general 's immense sense of presence and concomitant dramatic side-effects .

The State Department on the whole supported the conclusion of an early treaty and was sympathetic to the British view that the indefinite prolongation of the occupation would be counter-productive politically and would encounter growing resentment from the Japanese people .
the state department on the whole supported the conclusion of an early treaty and was sympathetic to the british view that the indefinite prolongation of the occupation would be counter-productive politically and would [meet] growing resentment from the japanese people .

But here we encounter an even more elusive difficulty .
but here we [meet] an even more elusive difficulty .

The Daily Graphic ( 30 March 1898 ) described the fate of one young man , Thomas Duff , who had been unlucky enough to be charged with ‘ riding a tricycle to the common danger ’ and to encounter a magistrate who took an extremely dim view of the matter .
the daily graphic ( 30 march 1898 ) described the fate of one young man , thomas duff , who had been unlucky enough to be charged with ‘ riding a tricycle to the common danger ’ and to [meet] a magistrate who took an extremely dim view of the matter .

None of this excuses their behaviour , of course , but this is an unusually human account of an all-too-human encounter in the streets which reminds us of a certain constancy of human motive , and of conflicts built around the human meanings that are attached to the social realities of class , physical appearance and territory .
none of this excuses their behaviour , of course , but this is an unusually human account of an all-too-human [meet] in the streets which reminds us of a certain constancy of human motive , and of conflicts built around the human meanings that are attached to the social realities of class , physical appearance and territory .

The media tell it whenever they present international relations as a dramatic encounter between world leaders who personify their countries .
the media tell it whenever they present international relations as a dramatic [meet] between world leaders who personify their countries .

As Bertaux-Wiame ( 1979 , p. 29 ) notes , the act of telling one 's life story is an encounter with reality .
as bertaux-wiame ( 1979 , p. 29 ) notes , the act of telling one 's life story is an [meet] with reality .

While this encounter seems to be limited to an account of the past , it is in fact very much determined by the present .
while this [meet] seems to be limited to an account of the past , it is in fact very much determined by the present .

Nor is there any real evolution , only the inevitable modifications of time , in his personal feelings , the loyal determined affection for his drab wife Mana , his jealous longing for Lady Barbara Wellesley and his brief encounter with Mane de Graçay during his escape from France .
nor is there any real evolution , only the inevitable modifications of time , in his personal feelings , the loyal determined affection for his drab wife mana , his jealous longing for lady barbara wellesley and his brief [meet] with mane de graçay during his escape from france .

This first encounter between Marco and the boy known as the Rat is not friendly — at least not until the two lads , each with his own particular air of authority , have confirmed their direct loyalty to the disturbed country and have begun to work out for the ‘ Club ’ a youthful but intelligent strategy for revolution .
this first [meet] between marco and the boy known as the rat is not friendly — at least not until the two lads , each with his own particular air of authority , have confirmed their direct loyalty to the disturbed country and have begun to work out for the ‘ club ’ a youthful but intelligent strategy for revolution .

An article in the Oxford Times of 18 May 1976 describes an encounter between a householder and a group of rather tiresome young people who had chosen his street frontage as a meeting place .
an article in the oxford times of 18 may 1976 describes an [meet] between a householder and a group of rather tiresome young people who had chosen his street frontage as a meeting place .

Finally , one must look for some representation in accounts of the personal style deemed appropriate in an encounter in a given type of situation .
finally , one must look for some representation in accounts of the personal style deemed appropriate in an [meet] in a given type of situation .

Similarly , mimicry of the expressions , stance and actions of a truly violent encounter can represent an intention or threat .
similarly , mimicry of the expressions , stance and actions of a truly violent [meet] can represent an intention or threat .

For all our participants , and undoubtedly for many of this age-group , a central issue that is constantly recurring in their interpretation of the day-to-day practices they encounter in their social lives is the extent to which they are recognized as persons of independent dignity and standing .
for all our participants , and undoubtedly for many of this age-group , a central issue that is constantly recurring in their interpretation of the day-to-day practices they [meet] in their social lives is the extent to which they are recognized as persons of independent dignity and standing .

On a stroll along the famous five-mile seafront , from Brighton 's bustling Marina to the sheltered calm of Hove Lagoon , you 'll encounter Britain 's original electric railway , the Victorian Palace Pier , Peter Pan 's Playground , the King Alfred Leisure Centre and a host of other attractions .
on a stroll along the famous five-mile seafront , from brighton 's bustling marina to the sheltered calm of hove lagoon , you 'll [meet] britain 's original electric railway , the victorian palace pier , peter pan 's playground , the king alfred leisure centre and a host of other attractions .

Opening the black box : an encounter in the corridors of health services research
opening the black box : an [meet] in the corridors of health services research

Effects on domestic inflation If exchange rate fluctuations are fairly large under floating , then economies with depreciating currencies should encounter rising import prices .
effects on domestic inflation if exchange rate fluctuations are fairly large under floating , then economies with depreciating currencies should [meet] rising import prices .

In a small town in Surrey an old woman 's plea for help leads to an unsettling encounter
in a small town in surrey an old woman 's plea for help leads to an unsettling [meet]

The nature of psychoanalysis as a communicative encounter has been developed and refined by Jurgen Habermas .
the nature of psychoanalysis as a communicative [meet] has been developed and refined by jurgen habermas .

The therapeutic encounter is one in which two people communicate with one another , using a language .
the therapeutic [meet] is one in which two people communicate with one another , using a language .

Habermas 's account of the nature of psychoanalysis as a therapeutic encounter , by drawing on communication theory and modern philosophy , as it does , is superior to that of Freud .
habermas 's account of the nature of psychoanalysis as a therapeutic [meet] , by drawing on communication theory and modern philosophy , as it does , is superior to that of freud .

However , the company is not sympathetic to climbing , and should you encounter access problems contact me immediately .
however , the company is not sympathetic to climbing , and should you [meet] access problems contact me immediately .

The encounter took place near Poitiers on 19 September 1356 .
the [meet] took place near poitiers on 19 september 1356 .

It was never a classic encounter , but Colchester 's greater motivation kept them running hard and reaching half-time just one goal behind was a huge bonus .
it was never a classic [meet] , but colchester 's greater motivation kept them running hard and reaching half-time just one goal behind was a huge bonus .

He felt that he was being earmarked for special attention from the Dale 's big central defenders in a rough and tumble encounter that saw McDonough being given his marching orders in the 66th minute for an alleged use of the elbow .
he felt that he was being earmarked for special attention from the dale 's big central defenders in a rough and tumble [meet] that saw mcdonough being given his marching orders in the 66th minute for an alleged use of the elbow .

Special care is taken to ensure that teachers understand and can interpret correctly for their students , the plants and wildlife they are likely to encounter along the way .
special care is taken to ensure that teachers understand and can interpret correctly for their students , the plants and wildlife they are likely to [meet] along the way .

He shows how to keep our painting eyes skinned for the people and landscapes we will encounter .
he shows how to keep our painting eyes skinned for the people and landscapes we will [meet] .

Like a mountaineer conquering his own nightmare , he embarked on a two-month personal encounter with the unknown — the working class , who populated his childhood memories as a spectre of fear and loathing .
like a mountaineer conquering his own nightmare , he embarked on a two-month personal [meet] with the unknown — the working class , who populated his childhood memories as a spectre of fear and loathing .

It 's an encounter with women on the edge of transition , discontented and yet disarmed .
it 's an [meet] with women on the edge of transition , discontented and yet disarmed .

There is another question which arises from all this training ; are the Banks ceasing to look upon staff as being capable of individual reaction to whatever difficulty they encounter ? There is a danger of making staff a bland set of people , unsure of their standing in anything without reference to a manual . If that happens will there be a spark left to impress members of the public ? Would they then bring us flowers anymore ?
there is another question which arises from all this training ; are the banks ceasing to look upon staff as being capable of individual reaction to whatever difficulty they [meet] ? there is a danger of making staff a bland set of people , unsure of their standing in anything without reference to a manual . if that happens will there be a spark left to impress members of the public ? would they then bring us flowers anymore ?

Waterford Area came up trumps last year in a classic encounter with Dublin Ladies but Dublin are poised this year to make their mark .
waterford area came up trumps last year in a classic [meet] with dublin ladies but dublin are poised this year to make their mark .

It seems strange that , when we arrive in the Garden of Eden , the only humans we encounter seem so distant to us .
it seems strange that , when we arrive in the garden of eden , the only humans we [meet] seem so distant to us .

She had learned of the place from an encounter some years ago .
she had learned of the place from an [meet] some years ago .

When he came to Tallis , carrying the spoils , there was a strange look in his eyes ; he had been fired by the bloody encounter .
when he came to tallis , carrying the spoils , there was a strange look in his eyes ; he had been fired by the bloody [meet] .

The encounter came at dusk .
the [meet] came at dusk .

One of them turned on Holly-Tallis and she fled up the path to the gate , passing a woman she knew well , remembering her earlier shock at this unexpected encounter .
one of them turned on holly-tallis and she fled up the path to the gate , passing a woman she knew well , remembering her earlier shock at this unexpected [meet] .

He was still smarting from his encounter with the child prostitute .
he was still smarting from his [meet] with the child prostitute .

The department offers opportunities for postgraduate study in all areas of systematic theology from the Patristic to the Mediaeval era ; from the Reformation to modern times ; in philosophical theology , from the pre-Socratics to the encounter with modern humanist systems ; in comparative religion and the history and phenomenology of religions , and in such specialised topics as theology and ecology ; feminist theology ; theology and imagination ; theology in the post-modern world ; theology of world religions ; Celtic Christianity ; ecumenical theology ; and theology , ideology and culture ( representing some prominent research interests of current members of staff ) .
the department offers opportunities for postgraduate study in all areas of systematic theology from the patristic to the mediaeval era ; from the reformation to modern times ; in philosophical theology , from the pre-socratics to the [meet] with modern humanist systems ; in comparative religion and the history and phenomenology of religions , and in such specialised topics as theology and ecology ; feminist theology ; theology and imagination ; theology in the post-modern world ; theology of world religions ; celtic christianity ; ecumenical theology ; and theology , ideology and culture ( representing some prominent research interests of current members of staff ) .

Large enough to be able to offer supervision in most areas of social policy and social work , the department 's commitment to research creates a very congenial environment for research students who will encounter a wide range of substantive interests and methodological expertise .
large enough to be able to offer supervision in most areas of social policy and social work , the department 's commitment to research creates a very congenial environment for research students who will [meet] a wide range of substantive interests and methodological expertise .

He had been somewhat apprehensive about the encounter in view of the way their last meeting had ended , but fortunately she seemed to have put her irritation behind her .
he had been somewhat apprehensive about the [meet] in view of the way their last meeting had ended , but fortunately she seemed to have put her irritation behind her .

Earlier , for brief periods of the day , she had contemplated making up a foursome not unhappily , might have taken risks , might even have ended up in bed with someone , the classic holiday encounter .
earlier , for brief periods of the day , she had contemplated making up a foursome not unhappily , might have taken risks , might even have ended up in bed with someone , the classic holiday [meet] .

The simple consequence is that , being so deeply buried in the human unconscious , any attempt to uncover the repressed foundations of our social life is bound to encounter severe resistances , especially in the minds of those who have convinced themselves that there is no psychic trauma at the origin of human society and no painful consequences of it hidden within every one of us .
the simple consequence is that , being so deeply buried in the human unconscious , any attempt to uncover the repressed foundations of our social life is bound to [meet] severe resistances , especially in the minds of those who have convinced themselves that there is no psychic trauma at the origin of human society and no painful consequences of it hidden within every one of us .

In the Amarna Letters , a library of correspondence dating from XVIIIth dynasty Egypt , Pharaoh is routinely addressed as ‘ King , Lord , Sungod of the lands , the Sungod from heaven ! ’ and throughout ancient and modern polytheism we encounter worship of the sun and identification of divine kings as sons of the sun . Modern psychotics also often make something of a personal divinity of the sun , as the following quotation suggests :
in the amarna letters , a library of correspondence dating from xviiith dynasty egypt , pharaoh is routinely addressed as ‘ king , lord , sungod of the lands , the sungod from heaven ! ’ and throughout ancient and modern polytheism we [meet] worship of the sun and identification of divine kings as sons of the sun . modern psychotics also often make something of a personal divinity of the sun , as the following quotation suggests :

He walked away quickly , trying to shake off the unnerving effect of the encounter .
he walked away quickly , trying to shake off the unnerving effect of the [meet] .

It was a strange , small , unambitious play about a man and his donkey who encounter an angel .
it was a strange , small , unambitious play about a man and his donkey who [meet] an angel .

His passionate encounter with Tro had been a reaction to horror and danger , and they both knew it .
his passionate [meet] with tro had been a reaction to horror and danger , and they both knew it .

Her brief encounter with the Sun had evidently had a bad influence on her .
her brief [meet] with the sun had evidently had a bad influence on her .

As physicians encounter an increasing number of these patients , Female Pelvic Floor Disorders should prove invaluable as a primary reference source and guide to diagnosis and management .
as physicians [meet] an increasing number of these patients , female pelvic floor disorders should prove invaluable as a primary reference source and guide to diagnosis and management .

Time and empathy are often lacking in the doctor-patient encounter ; high-tech medicine sometimes turns patients into numbers labelled with a diagnosis ; and since many diseases have become curable , some patients expect a cure for all ailments .
time and empathy are often lacking in the doctor-patient [meet] ; high-tech medicine sometimes turns patients into numbers labelled with a diagnosis ; and since many diseases have become curable , some patients expect a cure for all ailments .

When Morse opened the ramshackle gate to number 97 , his mind was anticipating a potentially most interesting encounter .
when morse opened the ramshackle gate to number 97 , his mind was anticipating a potentially most interesting [meet] .

‘ And sold to the young woman who runs the encounter group . ’
‘ and sold to the young woman who runs the [meet] group . ’

As the years passed , my cousin came to encounter this phenomenon again and again .
as the years passed , my cousin came to [meet] this phenomenon again and again .

During the first year , if you encounter a problem with your CompuAdd 200 , 300 , or 400 Series desktop or deskside system which ca n't be resolved by our Telephone Technical Support Staff , we provide On-Site Service in most parts of the country within the next business day .
during the first year , if you [meet] a problem with your compuadd 200 , 300 , or 400 series desktop or deskside system which ca n't be resolved by our telephone technical support staff , we provide on-site service in most parts of the country within the next business day .

In an encounter with a high status role the options are few — they can agree to do as they 're told ( in which case you , the teacher , end up doing all the decision-making ) or they can refuse ; it 's a battle of wits and wills : you remain in control or they overthrow you .
in an [meet] with a high status role the options are few — they can agree to do as they 're told ( in which case you , the teacher , end up doing all the decision-making ) or they can refuse ; it 's a battle of wits and wills : you remain in control or they overthrow you .

Thus Cripps 's patience snapped in one encounter with a top American official who , he complained , had wasted his time with a `` schoolboy lecture `` on the complicated problems which afflicted Europe .
thus cripps 's patience snapped in one [meet] with a top american official who , he complained , had wasted his time with a `` schoolboy lecture `` on the complicated problems which afflicted europe .

Whereas Fredegar relates the tale of the encounter with the Quinotaur , in the corresponding section of his Histories the bishop of Tours has an outburst against idolatry .
whereas fredegar relates the tale of the [meet] with the quinotaur , in the corresponding section of his histories the bishop of tours has an outburst against idolatry .

Although Dionysius stresses the utter inadequacy of any created being to know the nature of the one God who created everything from nothing , he also asserts that He is immanent in His creation and that man can encounter the reality of the energy of divine love at the heart of his being .
although dionysius stresses the utter inadequacy of any created being to know the nature of the one god who created everything from nothing , he also asserts that he is immanent in his creation and that man can [meet] the reality of the energy of divine love at the heart of his being .

It is true that literacy seems to generate a sense of rigidly structured social order and a consciousness of historical change which is qualitatively different from the loose structural metaphors and the `` mythological `` view of the past which anthropologists usually encounter in `` wild `` ( sauvage ) societies .
it is true that literacy seems to generate a sense of rigidly structured social order and a consciousness of historical change which is qualitatively different from the loose structural metaphors and the `` mythological `` view of the past which anthropologists usually [meet] in `` wild `` ( sauvage ) societies .

Fear debilitated , and he would need all his wits and ability at his command , if he was to survive this encounter .
fear debilitated , and he would need all his wits and ability at his command , if he was to survive this [meet] .

Their world-view , expectations from life and even their emotional responses were reshaped by the challenge of Europe 's dominance , encounter with the western civilisation and absorption into an international economy .
their world-view , expectations from life and even their emotional responses were reshaped by the challenge of europe 's dominance , [meet] with the western civilisation and absorption into an international economy .

Also available from the same authors : This atlas is designed to test the postgraduate 's knowledge of commonplace infections and provide a challenge to the more experienced physician who is likely to encounter unusual and exotic infections in travellers .
also available from the same authors : this atlas is designed to test the postgraduate 's knowledge of commonplace infections and provide a challenge to the more experienced physician who is likely to [meet] unusual and exotic infections in travellers .

Londonderry 's historic craft village is the setting for a mighty encounter on the squares this Saturday ( 2pm ) .
londonderry 's historic craft village is the setting for a mighty [meet] on the squares this saturday ( 2pm ) .

Yet , just as in last month 's encounter when Steve Morrow struck the decisive blow , it was not the much-heralded superstars but an unsung stalwart who proved the match winner .
yet , just as in last month 's [meet] when steve morrow struck the decisive blow , it was not the much-heralded superstars but an unsung stalwart who proved the match winner .

Inspiring news or a touching encounter will brighten the week .
inspiring news or a touching [meet] will brighten the week .

It promises to be a very close encounter , but North will not have a better chance to redress the balance against the runaway Ulster League winners .
it promises to be a very close [meet] , but north will not have a better chance to redress the balance against the runaway ulster league winners .

That day he had held on in a photo from Forever Diamonds , on similar ground to that he will encounter tomorrow .
that day he had held on in a photo from forever diamonds , on similar ground to that he will [meet] tomorrow .

Atoms ( or ions ; the difference need n't concern us ) float around free in solution , but if they happen to encounter a crystal they have a natural tendency to slot into position on the surface of the crystal .
atoms ( or ions ; the difference need n't concern us ) float around free in solution , but if they happen to [meet] a crystal they have a natural tendency to slot into position on the surface of the crystal .

And where does a gene ‘ encounter ’ other genes ?
and where does a gene ‘ [meet] ’ other genes ?

In their march down geological time , genes also encounter one another in circumstances that favour antagonism .
in their march down geological time , genes also [meet] one another in circumstances that favour antagonism .

Speed , consistency , and the ability to answer questions as they arise are the three great benefits of such a system One of the difficulties which personnel managers encounter whenever they get involved in computerisation is that there are apparently so many options available .
speed , consistency , and the ability to answer questions as they arise are the three great benefits of such a system one of the difficulties which personnel managers [meet] whenever they get involved in computerisation is that there are apparently so many options available .

The poor astronaut who falls into a black hole will still come to a sticky end ; only if he lived in imaginary time would he encounter no singularities .
the poor astronaut who falls into a black hole will still come to a sticky end ; only if he lived in imaginary time would he [meet] no singularities .

But as she made her way back to the table , Polly 's fierce satisfaction at having the last word in what had been a nerve-shattering encounter quickly faded .
but as she made her way back to the table , polly 's fierce satisfaction at having the last word in what had been a nerve-shattering [meet] quickly faded .

In her acceptance she broke the code of propriety , went beyond the established manners in a light encounter .
in her acceptance she broke the code of propriety , went beyond the established manners in a light [meet] .

Rob 's friends were a lively , uninhibited crowd , and by the time Richard returned the party atmosphere was palpable , and Merrill had recovered from the disquiet provoked by her encounter with Luke .
rob 's friends were a lively , uninhibited crowd , and by the time richard returned the party atmosphere was palpable , and merrill had recovered from the disquiet provoked by her [meet] with luke .

The best laid plans do n't always run as smoothly as they should , so we have tried to identify areas where you might encounter problems .
the best laid plans do n't always run as smoothly as they should , so we have tried to identify areas where you might [meet] problems .

Whenever you first encounter a new programming language the ‘ Hello World ’ program is a good starting point .
whenever you first [meet] a new programming language the ‘ hello world ’ program is a good starting point .

It seemed easier to discuss the encounter in Babbington 's .
it seemed easier to discuss the [meet] in babbington 's .

He was the most infuriating person she 'd ever had the misfortune to encounter , but probably also the most influential .
he was the most infuriating person she 'd ever had the misfortune to [meet] , but probably also the most influential .

That , and the narrowly missed encounter with Richard Blake after the intervening four years .
that , and the narrowly missed [meet] with richard blake after the intervening four years .

Thus Zlorf 's broad , honest face was a welt of scar tissue , the result of many a close encounter .
thus zlorf 's broad , honest face was a welt of scar tissue , the result of many a close [meet] .

Wow ! That had been some encounter ! she admitted as , regaining the sanctuary of the street , she drew in a deep breath of refreshing air before turning into the road which she remembered from her map-reading would lead her into a series of narrow streets closed to traffic , and known familiarly to the local inhabitants as Strøget .
wow ! that had been some [meet] ! she admitted as , regaining the sanctuary of the street , she drew in a deep breath of refreshing air before turning into the road which she remembered from her map-reading would lead her into a series of narrow streets closed to traffic , and known familiarly to the local inhabitants as strøget .

Suppose they should encounter Lotta again ?
suppose they should [meet] lotta again ?

We tend to take pictures of people for granted regardless of the purpose and circumstances of the making , and context in which we encounter the image .
we tend to take pictures of people for granted regardless of the purpose and circumstances of the making , and context in which we [meet] the image .

Thus the diversity lies not only in the differences between people , the sitters , but also in different ways of photographing and in the varying contexts within which we encounter the image .
thus the diversity lies not only in the differences between people , the sitters , but also in different ways of photographing and in the varying contexts within which we [meet] the image .

In the introduction they outline how the encounter with postmodern theory has literally expanded and diversified the discourses of feminist art historians producing what they define as ‘ neo-Marxist ’ , ‘ constructivist ’ and ‘ poststructuralist ’ accounts in addition to their own ‘ liberal feminist ’ project .
in the introduction they outline how the [meet] with postmodern theory has literally expanded and diversified the discourses of feminist art historians producing what they define as ‘ neo-marxist ’ , ‘ constructivist ’ and ‘ poststructuralist ’ accounts in addition to their own ‘ liberal feminist ’ project .

This encounter had used much of my courage .
this [meet] had used much of my courage .

The first is that the book is written for engineers ; project management is for many the first form of management they encounter and the first form to which they are appointed .
the first is that the book is written for engineers ; project management is for many the first form of management they [meet] and the first form to which they are appointed .

There were to be brief respites from the prolonged drought , one of which Gould was to be most fortunate to encounter , but the settlers were still facing a period of unparalleled hardship .
there were to be brief respites from the prolonged drought , one of which gould was to be most fortunate to [meet] , but the settlers were still facing a period of unparalleled hardship .

Here we encounter , for example , locales , localities , front and back regions and activities , moral careers , changing forms of face-to-face association and an abiding concern with physical space in the making of individual and collective identities .
here we [meet] , for example , locales , localities , front and back regions and activities , moral careers , changing forms of face-to-face association and an abiding concern with physical space in the making of individual and collective identities .

We will encounter here Williams 's emphasis on the city as a ‘ front ’ region : a romantic place representing a better life over the horizon is common .
we will [meet] here williams 's emphasis on the city as a ‘ front ’ region : a romantic place representing a better life over the horizon is common .

But we will encounter , too , the grim reality of the same city being an alien and sometimes hostile society with ‘ back ’ as well as ‘ front ’ regions .
but we will [meet] , too , the grim reality of the same city being an alien and sometimes hostile society with ‘ back ’ as well as ‘ front ’ regions .

The machinery they use , their cars , their clothes , the tourists they encounter , the music they hear , all summon up the idea of a new , modern , ‘ front ’ region : one which can only be fully appreciated by actually moving and becoming part of it .
the machinery they use , their cars , their clothes , the tourists they [meet] , the music they hear , all summon up the idea of a new , modern , ‘ front ’ region : one which can only be fully appreciated by actually moving and becoming part of it .

Presumably the actual outcome depends on , for example , the social classes of the people involved , and the kinds of resistance they encounter from parents and other authorities .
presumably the actual outcome depends on , for example , the social classes of the people involved , and the kinds of resistance they [meet] from parents and other authorities .

The separation and spatial spread of social life means that people do not regularly encounter the significant experiences of life : birth , sexuality , madness , illness , death and so on .
the separation and spatial spread of social life means that people do not regularly [meet] the significant experiences of life : birth , sexuality , madness , illness , death and so on .

It was just not anything you might encounter in Texas , not if you went back or forward a million years .
it was just not anything you might [meet] in texas , not if you went back or forward a million years .

In my hesitation to step forth lay this question : supposing that this encounter revealed my unreality rather than his … ?
in my hesitation to step forth lay this question : supposing that this [meet] revealed my unreality rather than his … ?

That alone would be terrible without any danger she might encounter on the way .
that alone would be terrible without any danger she might [meet] on the way .

He was thinking how unconscious she seemed now to be of the awkwardness of their encounter .
he was thinking how unconscious she seemed now to be of the awkwardness of their [meet] .

Victorious from her own encounter with the woman , she confronted Mr Caswell with belligerence .
victorious from her own [meet] with the woman , she confronted mr caswell with belligerence .

Lastly , there is vocubulary , where again there are many new roads to travel and myths to encounter .
lastly , there is vocubulary , where again there are many new roads to travel and myths to [meet] .

It was his misfortune to envisage every such encounter as a matter of life and death , though by now he should have been used to anticlimax , and to the survival and tenacity of both parties to fight another day .
it was his misfortune to envisage every such [meet] as a matter of life and death , though by now he should have been used to anticlimax , and to the survival and tenacity of both parties to fight another day .

She wondered if she 'd walk out into a scene , or whether Ace had managed to extricate himself unscathed from the encounter as she left the relative comfort of the ladies ' room .
she wondered if she 'd walk out into a scene , or whether ace had managed to extricate himself unscathed from the [meet] as she left the relative comfort of the ladies ' room .

Wha-a-at ? What ever does the woman mean ? Is the little dark-eyed doe implying that she has n't been haunted , since the moment of their first encounter , with images of our fascinating , leather-jacketed heroine ? Has she not throbbed at the memory of their dances hand in hand ?
wha-a-at ? what ever does the woman mean ? is the little dark-eyed doe implying that she has n't been haunted , since the moment of their first [meet] , with images of our fascinating , leather-jacketed heroine ? has she not throbbed at the memory of their dances hand in hand ?

Full awareness was returning to her , her head had ceased to swim , and all that was left of her recent encounter was the pain in her face , and her consequent anger at every member of the male sex .
full awareness was returning to her , her head had ceased to swim , and all that was left of her recent [meet] was the pain in her face , and her consequent anger at every member of the male sex .

My first encounter with contraception happened in a rainy city in the industrial north , hundreds of miles from home , in an unfriendly hotel .
my first [meet] with contraception happened in a rainy city in the industrial north , hundreds of miles from home , in an unfriendly hotel .

of cases , rape is by someone known to the victim , so women are not at risk from every man they happen to encounter when they go for a walk on a dark night .
of cases , rape is by someone known to the victim , so women are not at risk from every man they happen to [meet] when they go for a walk on a dark night .

It sounds as though the high point of that person 's career was his encounter with the hon .
it sounds as though the high point of that person 's career was his [meet] with the hon .

But this was her first personal encounter with such a craft .
but this was her first personal [meet] with such a craft .

If he went abroad she would n't even encounter him accidentally .
if he went abroad she would n't even [meet] him accidentally .

Somehow she found the courage to hold the gleaming brilliance of his gaze with her own , as if by this encounter of eyes she could mesmerise , draw him to her .
somehow she found the courage to hold the gleaming brilliance of his gaze with her own , as if by this [meet] of eyes she could mesmerise , draw him to her .

Fen waited until he had negotiated a narrow stretch of the canal and a close encounter with another boat .
fen waited until he had negotiated a narrow stretch of the canal and a close [meet] with another boat .

The slightest move by either of them could result in the encounter of a foot or , worse still , the brushing of knees .
the slightest move by either of them could result in the [meet] of a foot or , worse still , the brushing of knees .

Their first encounter today was going to be a tense and difficult one .
their first [meet] today was going to be a tense and difficult one .

This was the real thing — but her encounter with Fen had come too late .
this was the real thing — but her [meet] with fen had come too late .

But just as Geertz 's textually absent wife must have been present in reality , contributing to Geertz encounter with the Balinese , so women are also present in Balinese society though they may be absent from cockfighting .
but just as geertz 's textually absent wife must have been present in reality , contributing to geertz [meet] with the balinese , so women are also present in balinese society though they may be absent from cockfighting .

Most diverting is Artegall 's encounter with the Amazon Radigund whose sexual allurements cause him to be captured and emasculated by being dressed in woman 's clothes and forced to spin .
most diverting is artegall 's [meet] with the amazon radigund whose sexual allurements cause him to be captured and emasculated by being dressed in woman 's clothes and forced to spin .

In contrast , Artegall 's final encounter with Grantorto , again organised as a formal chivalric contest , shows Artegall as intensely self-composed and controlled as opposed to the giant 's enraged but chaotic behaviour .
in contrast , artegall 's final [meet] with grantorto , again organised as a formal chivalric contest , shows artegall as intensely self-composed and controlled as opposed to the giant 's enraged but chaotic behaviour .

She felt totally unnerved by the encounter , and was n't ashamed to admit it .
she felt totally unnerved by the [meet] , and was n't ashamed to admit it .

This was n't his first encounter with Stephen 's rival and he knew the woman seated on the other side of the high table was a formidable opponent , probably more dangerous than the King , and possessing in full measure the strong will and harsh determination that had characterised her father and grandfather .
this was n't his first [meet] with stephen 's rival and he knew the woman seated on the other side of the high table was a formidable opponent , probably more dangerous than the king , and possessing in full measure the strong will and harsh determination that had characterised her father and grandfather .

She would just glance quickly into each room and hope she did n't encounter anyone who knew her .
she would just glance quickly into each room and hope she did n't [meet] anyone who knew her .

‘ Now , then , let's have a look at you , ’ came fitzAlan 's voice , and she found herself flipped over on to her back to encounter a pair of hard blue eyes .
‘ now , then , let's have a look at you , ’ came fitzalan 's voice , and she found herself flipped over on to her back to [meet] a pair of hard blue eyes .

Despite fitzAlan 's assurances that she would n't encounter a corpse , she held her breath with trepidation every time she swung her free hand in a groping semicircle .
despite fitzalan 's assurances that she would n't [meet] a corpse , she held her breath with trepidation every time she swung her free hand in a groping semicircle .

That a fleeting encounter in the past , no matter how romantic , had no place in the bleak present ?
that a fleeting [meet] in the past , no matter how romantic , had no place in the bleak present ?

Holding her breath , Isabel slitted one eye open to encounter the crude , bare wall of the inn solar only inches away .
holding her breath , isabel slitted one eye open to [meet] the crude , bare wall of the inn solar only inches away .

In this encounter there was no time for swordplay or skill .
in this [meet] there was no time for swordplay or skill .

It was something he still intended to do , but he felt he should be at a peak of confidence to arrange such an encounter .
it was something he still intended to do , but he felt he should be at a peak of confidence to arrange such an [meet] .

But she had known this encounter was coming ever since she and Florian had attracted the attention of the photographers covering the concert at one of Taipei 's main sports stadiums the previous night .
but she had known this [meet] was coming ever since she and florian had attracted the attention of the photographers covering the concert at one of taipei 's main sports stadiums the previous night .

’ That was what Josey had told Lisa when she 'd finally got home , flush-faced and anxious , still upset from her angry encounter with Alexander Vass and worried sick about little Emily .
’ that was what josey had told lisa when she 'd finally got home , flush-faced and anxious , still upset from her angry [meet] with alexander vass and worried sick about little emily .

We have just seen that a non-resonant photon will normally leave an encounter with a molecule unchanged in energy , but it may very rarely lose energy to the molecule and emerge as a Raman-shifted photon of lower energy .
we have just seen that a non-resonant photon will normally leave an [meet] with a molecule unchanged in energy , but it may very rarely lose energy to the molecule and emerge as a raman-shifted photon of lower energy .

In the same way , we may think of the ideal encounter of a particle with a molecule as an elastic collision in which no energy is transferred .
in the same way , we may think of the ideal [meet] of a particle with a molecule as an elastic collision in which no energy is transferred .

He did not know why and , in the absence of an obvious explanation , attributed it to his first ever professional encounter with a psychiatrist .
he did not know why and , in the absence of an obvious explanation , attributed it to his first ever professional [meet] with a psychiatrist .

as if to convince himself he had not imagined their encounter , he forced his mind to concentrate on what she had agreed to do .
as if to convince himself he had not imagined their [meet] , he forced his mind to concentrate on what she had agreed to do .

That nerve-racking encounter with Julius had dashed any hopes Jessamy had ever had of being able to get a good night 's sleep .
that nerve-racking [meet] with julius had dashed any hopes jessamy had ever had of being able to get a good night 's sleep .

Between them they supplied all they could remember of the encounter by the roped-off enclosure above the river .
between them they supplied all they could remember of the [meet] by the roped-off enclosure above the river .

For example , twelve out of sixteen teachers wrote ‘ yes ’ in response to the question , ‘ Do you think it is important to raise the issue of ‘ sex stereotyping ’ should you encounter it in texts ?
for example , twelve out of sixteen teachers wrote ‘ yes ’ in response to the question , ‘ do you think it is important to raise the issue of ‘ sex stereotyping ’ should you [meet] it in texts ?

It is nonetheless an unavoidable predicament for those working in the field of arts education to encounter if their aim to encourage both the personal and social enrichment of their pupils is to be fulfilled .
it is nonetheless an unavoidable predicament for those working in the field of arts education to [meet] if their aim to encourage both the personal and social enrichment of their pupils is to be fulfilled .

In the erotic landscape on which her thoughts now opened , the illusory and the actual were so intimately twinned that only the most cautious eye might distinguish between them ; and at each passionate encounter the symbolic and the literal seemed to enfold their embrace more tightly .
in the erotic landscape on which her thoughts now opened , the illusory and the actual were so intimately twinned that only the most cautious eye might distinguish between them ; and at each passionate [meet] the symbolic and the literal seemed to enfold their embrace more tightly .

With what remained of her objective consciousness Louisa strove to tell herself that this encounter was not of her reality , not of her willing … but even as she struggled she felt herself drawn under the influence of a mind at once alien and familiar — a mind resolute to lacerate its own fine sensibility , and with a perverse , intellectual sang-froid .
with what remained of her objective consciousness louisa strove to tell herself that this [meet] was not of her reality , not of her willing … but even as she struggled she felt herself drawn under the influence of a mind at once alien and familiar — a mind resolute to lacerate its own fine sensibility , and with a perverse , intellectual sang-froid .

She longed to encounter some other human presence and could not bear the thought of it .
she longed to [meet] some other human presence and could not bear the thought of it .

Yet a third troublesome encounter , but perhaps the easiest to deal with .
yet a third troublesome [meet] , but perhaps the easiest to deal with .

It was departing from this grandiose encounter that Rose at last found Auguste , his head still full of exalted plans for the humble whiting .
it was departing from this grandiose [meet] that rose at last found auguste , his head still full of exalted plans for the humble whiting .

‘ What is that woman to you , Alfred ? ’ asked Alice hurt , remembering yesterday 's encounter .
‘ what is that woman to you , alfred ? ’ asked alice hurt , remembering yesterday 's [meet] .

He was a famous painter once more now , not simply a local eccentric to encounter on the beach .
he was a famous painter once more now , not simply a local eccentric to [meet] on the beach .

In all of that time on the continent we did not encounter one set of road works , one traffic jam or one police car .
in all of that time on the continent we did not [meet] one set of road works , one traffic jam or one police car .

If Arrese chose Andalusia to stage it , it was because he could be sure that , in the rural south , the official party would not encounter the embarrassment of striking miners or protesting students .
if arrese chose andalusia to stage it , it was because he could be sure that , in the rural south , the official party would not [meet] the embarrassment of striking miners or protesting students .

This ambition becomes more predominant in his character not long after his encounter with the witches . This is shown by the line
this ambition becomes more predominant in his character not long after his [meet] with the witches . this is shown by the line

The use of both risk and accident scales may be calibrated by the subjects with respect to the range of stimuli they encounter .
the use of both risk and accident scales may be calibrated by the subjects with respect to the range of stimuli they [meet] .

After all , since much of social research requires a direct encounter with the everyday social world , the act of research can be immensely revealing about the nature of social life .
after all , since much of social research requires a direct [meet] with the everyday social world , the act of research can be immensely revealing about the nature of social life .

This was Giotto 's second rendezvous with a comet , a historic encounter with Halley 's Comet having taken place in March 1986 .
this was giotto 's second rendezvous with a comet , a historic [meet] with halley 's comet having taken place in march 1986 .

It was his first encounter with Zhou , director in Hong Kong of the New China News Agency , who had been on sick leave ; it had been billed as a `` get to know you `` meeting , which would sidestep controversial issues .
it was his first [meet] with zhou , director in hong kong of the new china news agency , who had been on sick leave ; it had been billed as a `` get to know you `` meeting , which would sidestep controversial issues .

As of end-January , however , there had been no Israeli retaliation , despite the Israeli government 's previous public position ( as expressed by President Chaim Herzog on Jan. 15 ) that an Iraqi strike would encounter a `` calculated and strong `` response .
as of end-january , however , there had been no israeli retaliation , despite the israeli government 's previous public position ( as expressed by president chaim herzog on jan. 15 ) that an iraqi strike would [meet] a `` calculated and strong `` response .

An alternative programme to the 1992 500th anniversary celebrations was discussed in Quetzaltenango in Guatemala in the week ending Oct. 12 by 224 representatives of indigenous peoples from 27 countries in the Americas , at the Second Continental Encounter of Indigenous , Black and People 's Resistance .
an alternative programme to the 1992 500th anniversary celebrations was discussed in quetzaltenango in guatemala in the week ending oct. 12 by 224 representatives of indigenous peoples from 27 countries in the americas , at the second continental [meet] of indigenous , black and people 's resistance .

The First Continental Encounter had been in the Colombian capital , Bogota , in 1989 and the Third Encounter was scheduled for Oct. 7-12 , 1992 , in Nicaragua , to coincide with a continent-wide strike .
the first continental [meet] had been in the colombian capital , bogota , in 1989 and the third [meet] was scheduled for oct. 7-12 , 1992 , in nicaragua , to coincide with a continent-wide strike .

The Press Trust of India reported that some of the Maoists had been killed in a subsequent encounter with police , but there was no confirmation of this at state government level .
the press trust of india reported that some of the maoists had been killed in a subsequent [meet] with police , but there was no confirmation of this at state government level .

The charges arose from a sexual encounter between Smith and Patricia Bowman in March 1991 [ see p. 38139 ] , which he claimed had been based upon mutual consent .
the charges arose from a sexual [meet] between smith and patricia bowman in march 1991 [ see p. 38139 ] , which he claimed had been based upon mutual consent .

Amongst those who gave evidence at the trial was Senator Edward Kennedy , Smith 's uncle , who had initiated the drinking expedition which had led to Smith 's encounter with Bowman .
amongst those who gave evidence at the trial was senator edward kennedy , smith 's uncle , who had initiated the drinking expedition which had led to smith 's [meet] with bowman .

While the visit produced few concrete results in terms of trade agreements or diplomatic relations , the encounter established the potential for a more fruitful relationship .
while the visit produced few concrete results in terms of trade agreements or diplomatic relations , the [meet] established the potential for a more fruitful relationship .

Governments attempting to implement change in this area often encounter entrenched organisational resistance from powerful providers and from recipients of services who benefit from the status quo .
governments attempting to implement change in this area often [meet] entrenched organisational resistance from powerful providers and from recipients of services who benefit from the status quo .

The behaviour referred to here is that required in the first stages of an encounter with any new material .
the behaviour referred to here is that required in the first stages of an [meet] with any new material .

Or he could rent out the property … So in the urban context we encounter two rental incomes generated from the same physical entity : the ground rent and the house or occupancy rent …
or he could rent out the property … so in the urban context we [meet] two rental incomes generated from the same physical entity : the ground rent and the house or occupancy rent …

( 2 ) Pragmatic and discoursal aspects of code switching — what factors within a particular encounter motivate speakers to switch and what meanings underlie speakers ' switches .
( 2 ) pragmatic and discoursal aspects of code switching — what factors within a particular [meet] motivate speakers to switch and what meanings underlie speakers ' switches .

Whether `` convergence `` or `` divergence `` takes place is dependent mainly on the relationship between the participants in the encounter , including factors such as the setting ( institutional or informal ) , relative status , prior acquaintance , etc .
whether `` convergence `` or `` divergence `` takes place is dependent mainly on the relationship between the participants in the [meet] , including factors such as the setting ( institutional or informal ) , relative status , prior acquaintance , etc .

The accommodation model deals with the adjustments which speakers make with respect to each other in a particular encounter , but it can not explain the `` base line `` of behaviour which each individual brings to that encounter , i.e .
the accommodation model deals with the adjustments which speakers make with respect to each other in a particular [meet] , but it can not explain the `` base line `` of behaviour which each individual brings to that [meet] , i.e .

But Jewish legends which found their way into the Alexander romance fondly narrated the encounter between the High Priest and the new King of Kings .
but jewish legends which found their way into the alexander romance fondly narrated the [meet] between the high priest and the new king of kings .

Efforts to alter these patterns in the absence of other institutional changes tend to encounter societal obdurateness .
efforts to alter these patterns in the absence of other institutional changes tend to [meet] societal obdurateness .

If you encounter such words , practise them systematically by a ) tapping the rhythm , b ) mimicking the last few syllables and then gradually building up to the beginning of the word , c ) putting the long word in different position on a series of sentences and practising them , like in following example : Word stress is often modified when the word occurs in a sentence .
if you [meet] such words , practise them systematically by a ) tapping the rhythm , b ) mimicking the last few syllables and then gradually building up to the beginning of the word , c ) putting the long word in different position on a series of sentences and practising them , like in following example : word stress is often modified when the word occurs in a sentence .

Hence We shall encounter several other second-rank tensors in the course of our account of elasticity theory .
hence we shall [meet] several other second-rank tensors in the course of our account of elasticity theory .

Compared with the near-despair that she had shown during their recent encounter in the church , her manner was almost jaunty .
compared with the near-despair that she had shown during their recent [meet] in the church , her manner was almost jaunty .

Two or three seasons ago it concentrated on excerpts ( including at least two showings a season of the dreaded encounter between Hawick v Gala ) .
two or three seasons ago it concentrated on excerpts ( including at least two showings a season of the dreaded [meet] between hawick v gala ) .

Football : ‘ Jacki ’ is proving to be a video nicety : Celtic 's Polish import sounds the alarm bells for England as that crucial World Cup encounter in Chorzow beckons : David Livingstone reports on the Scottish liberation of a footballer who has enlivened the Parkhead terraces
football : ‘ jacki ’ is proving to be a video nicety : celtic 's polish import sounds the alarm bells for england as that crucial world cup [meet] in chorzow beckons : david livingstone reports on the scottish liberation of a footballer who has enlivened the parkhead terraces

To enjoy it , we do not need to be dry : just in need of a restorative or relaxant , or maybe a focus for a social moment or brief encounter .
to enjoy it , we do not need to be dry : just in need of a restorative or relaxant , or maybe a focus for a social moment or brief [meet] .

Arriving in East Berlin at the height of the country 's most serious political crisis for more than three decades , Mr Gorbachev had earlier in the day , in a brief encounter with enthusiastic East Berliners , spoken of the need ‘ not to panic — that 's the most important thing ’ .
arriving in east berlin at the height of the country 's most serious political crisis for more than three decades , mr gorbachev had earlier in the day , in a brief [meet] with enthusiastic east berliners , spoken of the need ‘ not to panic — that 's the most important thing ’ .

‘ But what about your Swiss encounter ? You shared a bedroom , did n't you ? ’
‘ but what about your swiss [meet] ? you shared a bedroom , did n't you ? ’

Beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella upon an operating table .
beautiful as the chance [meet] of a sewing machine and an umbrella upon an operating table .

As the initiator of the contact , the tone of the encounter , the degree of relaxation , ease and good humour , depends On you .
as the initiator of the contact , the tone of the [meet] , the degree of relaxation , ease and good humour , depends on you .

They are entering the strange world of the Christian church at a time of high emotional stress and may encounter what sounds like a foreign language .
they are entering the strange world of the christian church at a time of high emotional stress and may [meet] what sounds like a foreign language .

According to reports in some of the more scurrilous publications , the young American was deeply turned off by this close encounter with the ‘ world 's sexiest female ’ as Kylie has been voted in many teen surveys .
according to reports in some of the more scurrilous publications , the young american was deeply turned off by this close [meet] with the ‘ world 's sexiest female ’ as kylie has been voted in many teen surveys .

John Osborne turned his invective on the Palace in 1957 in an article in Encounter :
john osborne turned his invective on the palace in 1957 in an article in [meet] :

This was the wholesome outrage you might expect from any conscientiously angry young man , and could be safely ignored as the sort of bubbling over occasionally to be expected in intellectual cauldrons like Encounter .
this was the wholesome outrage you might expect from any conscientiously angry young man , and could be safely ignored as the sort of bubbling over occasionally to be expected in intellectual cauldrons like [meet] .

The Magharba leaders resisted this : they thought they were in the majority , and feared that after such a confrontation the Zuwaya might muster more voters for a second encounter .
the magharba leaders resisted this : they thought they were in the majority , and feared that after such a confrontation the zuwaya might muster more voters for a second [meet] .

They pressed three-quarters of the way but , in a dreadfully untidy encounter , looked a pretty guileless lot as they battled in vain to beat Les Fridge in the St Mirren goal .
they pressed three-quarters of the way but , in a dreadfully untidy [meet] , looked a pretty guileless lot as they battled in vain to beat les fridge in the st mirren goal .

They wondered whether Hook could have escaped his seemingly fatal encounter with a mechanical crocodile in this film , and make yet another comeback .
they wondered whether hook could have escaped his seemingly fatal [meet] with a mechanical crocodile in this film , and make yet another comeback .

But , after a chilling encounter with a member of the Stasi just before the fall of the Wall ( we see it in a flashback ) , she has come running back to England , her marriage and her Christian belief in tatters .
but , after a chilling [meet] with a member of the stasi just before the fall of the wall ( we see it in a flashback ) , she has come running back to england , her marriage and her christian belief in tatters .

If the computer 's field of activity is limited to our planet , and if our fate depends on it alone , then we can not count on anything after death except some permutation of what we have already experienced in life ; we shall again encounter similar landscapes and beings .
if the computer 's field of activity is limited to our planet , and if our fate depends on it alone , then we can not count on anything after death except some permutation of what we have already experienced in life ; we shall again [meet] similar landscapes and beings .

( Morrissey invests his emotion in pristine idols , preferably dead , like James Dean , rather than deal with the mess and awkwardness of any real close encounter . )
( morrissey invests his emotion in pristine idols , preferably dead , like james dean , rather than deal with the mess and awkwardness of any real close [meet] . )

But he 's much more forthcoming than in an earlier , abortive encounter .
but he 's much more forthcoming than in an earlier , abortive [meet] .

The first account of a solitary dolphin encounter since classical times seems to be in England in 1814 .
the first account of a solitary dolphin [meet] since classical times seems to be in england in 1814 .

Dolphins of all ages and humans intermingle daily in knee-deep water in what is the longest human/dolphin encounter on record .
dolphins of all ages and humans intermingle daily in knee-deep water in what is the longest human/dolphin [meet] on record .

Their visits break many of the established patterns of human/dolphin encounter : they accept gifts of dead fish ( one theory is that the dolphins receive the fish as a signal from humans that they have come to play and interact ) , and they maintain their own social grouping while at the same time allowing close human contact .
their visits break many of the established patterns of human/dolphin [meet] : they accept gifts of dead fish ( one theory is that the dolphins receive the fish as a signal from humans that they have come to play and interact ) , and they maintain their own social grouping while at the same time allowing close human contact .

The mullah , who was finding it difficult to stay awake throughout his devotions , was led by the Prophet to an encounter with a goat herd who had noticed his flock becoming very frisky after grazing on the berries of a certain shrub .
the mullah , who was finding it difficult to stay awake throughout his devotions , was led by the prophet to an [meet] with a goat herd who had noticed his flock becoming very frisky after grazing on the berries of a certain shrub .

Our response is , of course , twofold — encounter and worship — and these are inseparably connected .
our response is , of course , twofold — [meet] and worship — and these are inseparably connected .

Let us explore the first of these words — ‘ encounter ’ .
let us explore the first of these words — ‘ [meet] ’ .

Second , encounter with God never takes place in a vacuum .
second , [meet] with god never takes place in a vacuum .

When this offering is met by faith , a life-giving encounter results .
when this offering is met by faith , a life-giving [meet] results .

Anyone who wanders into the fissured terrain of energy economics will before long encounter Keepin and Kats , from the Rocky Mountain Institute in Colorado .
anyone who wanders into the fissured terrain of energy economics will before long [meet] keepin and kats , from the rocky mountain institute in colorado .

The opening encounter took them to the small island of St Vincent , where the pitch was some way from international standard .
the opening [meet] took them to the small island of st vincent , where the pitch was some way from international standard .

England 's second encounter with West Indies was at Adelaide , where they were given a good start of 121 by Broad and Athey .
england 's second [meet] with west indies was at adelaide , where they were given a good start of 121 by broad and athey .

In the new version , Shared Ark , you are likely to encounter other people doing their own experiments from their own workstations .
in the new version , shared ark , you are likely to [meet] other people doing their own experiments from their own workstations .

Spying on the woman and her lover from afar with his telescope , he disrupts their encounter by reporting a gas leak in the apartment .
spying on the woman and her lover from afar with his telescope , he disrupts their [meet] by reporting a gas leak in the apartment .

In Italy 's 1-0 loss to Brazil in their prestige encounter in Bologna , young Baggio rarely looked much better than your Uncle Jimmy in a Sunday park game , let alone like Zico , Maradona et al .
in italy 's 1-0 loss to brazil in their prestige [meet] in bologna , young baggio rarely looked much better than your uncle jimmy in a sunday park game , let alone like zico , maradona et al .

Until they met yesterday in the quarter-finals of the £275,000 Silk Cut Championships , their first encounter since the semi-finals in Paris , the Soviet No.1 Andrei Chesnokov believed that Chang was more susceptible to power on carpet and cement .
until they met yesterday in the quarter-finals of the £275,000 silk cut championships , their first [meet] since the semi-finals in paris , the soviet no.1 andrei chesnokov believed that chang was more susceptible to power on carpet and cement .

Brynner 's life in America is better known : the movies , some outstanding , like The Magnificent Seven , many terrible ; the wives ; the lovers — Judy Garland , Marilyn Monroe , Marlene Dietrich , Joan Crawford ( a businesslike woman in love as in other affairs , making their encounter ‘ among the least erotic half hours ’ in Brynner 's life ) ; and above all the role that he created and that in the end devoured him , the King of Siam .
brynner 's life in america is better known : the movies , some outstanding , like the magnificent seven , many terrible ; the wives ; the lovers — judy garland , marilyn monroe , marlene dietrich , joan crawford ( a businesslike woman in love as in other affairs , making their [meet] ‘ among the least erotic half hours ’ in brynner 's life ) ; and above all the role that he created and that in the end devoured him , the king of siam .

This is the setting of an election incontro ( encounter ) for Mario Segni , parliamentary candidate for the Christian Democrats , radical reformer , and son of a former president .
this is the setting of an election incontro ( [meet] ) for mario segni , parliamentary candidate for the christian democrats , radical reformer , and son of a former president .

The talk is straight and serious , and curiously free of rhetoric , for voters and candidates agree that this election is Italy 's encounter with destiny .
the talk is straight and serious , and curiously free of rhetoric , for voters and candidates agree that this election is italy 's [meet] with destiny .

Waldheim 's delight at meeting Kohl was understandable , for the encounter was possibly the last he will have with a foreign leader before bowing out and slipping into retirement .
waldheim 's delight at meeting kohl was understandable , for the [meet] was possibly the last he will have with a foreign leader before bowing out and slipping into retirement .

This trek also marked our first encounter with leeches .
this trek also marked our first [meet] with leeches .

They may , indeed , deliver another painful lesson in what promises to be a fascinating derby match but Alex Ferguson 's team go into that encounter with pressure eased in the knowledge that they can drop a minimum of six points on a seven-match run-in .
they may , indeed , deliver another painful lesson in what promises to be a fascinating derby match but alex ferguson 's team go into that [meet] with pressure eased in the knowledge that they can drop a minimum of six points on a seven-match run-in .

Cambridge fight hard before suffering sixth successive defeat in classic encounter
cambridge fight hard before suffering sixth successive defeat in classic [meet]

Meanwhile his sister Rachel , 20 , has had only one encounter with the media — at her parents ' glitzy silver wedding anniversary party at London 's Inner Temple .
meanwhile his sister rachel , 20 , has had only one [meet] with the media — at her parents ' glitzy silver wedding anniversary party at london 's inner temple .

Cashmere sports jackets hung on the back of their chairs , insurance against an encounter with air-conditioning .
cashmere sports jackets hung on the back of their chairs , insurance against an [meet] with air-conditioning .

We are very concerned to learn of any shortfall in standards and this is why we want to hear from you if you encounter any problems .
we are very concerned to learn of any shortfall in standards and this is why we want to hear from you if you [meet] any problems .

We will encounter them throughout this book .
we will [meet] them throughout this book .

Most of the organisms we see around us , and encounter directly , are eukaryotes .
most of the organisms we see around us , and [meet] directly , are eukaryotes .

It can , however , have the additional effect of producing large parties that could then effectively win any encounter with males of an opposed community .
it can , however , have the additional effect of producing large parties that could then effectively win any [meet] with males of an opposed community .

Once we try to lift the imagination away from the idea of God as a person ( another unfortunate implication of the old man on a cloud motif ) into another form of personality , we encounter a number of interesting arguments .
once we try to lift the imagination away from the idea of god as a person ( another unfortunate implication of the old man on a cloud motif ) into another form of personality , we [meet] a number of interesting arguments .

You will be sure in the knowledge that if you ever encounter any problem with your equipment , help is just one quick phone call away — 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
you will be sure in the knowledge that if you ever [meet] any problem with your equipment , help is just one quick phone call away — 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .

How to avoid the problems which a business can encounter following the sudden death or disablement of a director or key employee ; and the insurance cover every business needs — or is legally obliged to have — against common accidents and other perils .
how to avoid the problems which a business can [meet] following the sudden death or disablement of a director or key employee ; and the insurance cover every business needs — or is legally obliged to have — against common accidents and other perils .

The positive outlook : However positive any individual may be , naturally he or she will encounter problems in different areas of life .
the positive outlook : however positive any individual may be , naturally he or she will [meet] problems in different areas of life .

So , if you have done something in the past which you now regret and would do differently were the situation to repeat itself , you should be pleased that you have learned something vital and that your spirit , having dealt with that negative aspect , will not have to encounter it again .
so , if you have done something in the past which you now regret and would do differently were the situation to repeat itself , you should be pleased that you have learned something vital and that your spirit , having dealt with that negative aspect , will not have to [meet] it again .

If parents have managed to instil in their child a sense of his own worth as an individual , then , whatever knocks that child may encounter as an adult , he will have the inner confidence which will enable him to pull through and make a success of his life — success in this context having nothing to do with money but with achieving one 's aims as an individual , whatever they may be .
if parents have managed to instil in their child a sense of his own worth as an individual , then , whatever knocks that child may [meet] as an adult , he will have the inner confidence which will enable him to pull through and make a success of his life — success in this context having nothing to do with money but with achieving one 's aims as an individual , whatever they may be .

You choose what to do with your life and how to react to the joys and sorrows you encounter on the way .
you choose what to do with your life and how to react to the joys and sorrows you [meet] on the way .

Friendly encounter with a wild bottlenosed dolphin ( Photo courtesy of Brian Holmes )
friendly [meet] with a wild bottlenosed dolphin ( photo courtesy of brian holmes )

They had re-met , after that first encounter at Althorp , at Sandringham in January 1979 , when the Queen had invited Diana and her sister Sarah ( whose relationship with the Prince was well and truly over ) for a weekend 's shooting .
they had re-met , after that first [meet] at althorp , at sandringham in january 1979 , when the queen had invited diana and her sister sarah ( whose relationship with the prince was well and truly over ) for a weekend 's shooting .

The innocence of the encounter , and the sharp pitch of emotional stress to which it had brought him , were significant factors in Vincent 's response .
the innocence of the [meet] , and the sharp pitch of emotional stress to which it had brought him , were significant factors in vincent 's response .

Brief encounter at despatch box sets Tory pulses racing Sketch .
brief [meet] at despatch box sets tory pulses racing sketch .

The next part of garden you encounter is herby and low growing , with paths and pavings .
the next part of garden you [meet] is herby and low growing , with paths and pavings .

All these factors — and many , many more which are now a fact of our fast-paced , deadline-packed daily lives — are still helping to create symptoms of stress to the point where a single encounter with an apparently dyslexic British Telecom directory enquiries operator can all but tip us over the brink .
all these factors — and many , many more which are now a fact of our fast-paced , deadline-packed daily lives — are still helping to create symptoms of stress to the point where a single [meet] with an apparently dyslexic british telecom directory enquiries operator can all but tip us over the brink .

But on his first proper encounter with Tolkien — at a meeting with English Faculty colleagues at Merton College in May 1926 — he could not help being charmed by this ‘ smooth , pale , fluent little chap ’ .
but on his first proper [meet] with tolkien — at a meeting with english faculty colleagues at merton college in may 1926 — he could not help being charmed by this ‘ smooth , pale , fluent little chap ’ .

It had been latent in Lewis ever since his encounter with God in Magdalen in the summer of 1929 .
it had been latent in lewis ever since his [meet] with god in magdalen in the summer of 1929 .

The domestic world which draws the suburban housewife away from the temptations of an illicit romance in Brief Encounter ( 1945 ) is quite as cosy as that depicted in an earlier collaboration between Lean and Noël Coward , This Happy Breed ( 1944 ) .
the domestic world which draws the suburban housewife away from the temptations of an illicit romance in brief [meet] ( 1945 ) is quite as cosy as that depicted in an earlier collaboration between lean and noël coward , this happy breed ( 1944 ) .

Critics were even more profoundly unnerved when Lean took a new approach to the Brief Encounter story with The Passionate Friends ( 1948 ) , where the husband is a much more potent , interesting and violent character than the would-be lover , again played by Trevor Howard .
critics were even more profoundly unnerved when lean took a new approach to the brief [meet] story with the passionate friends ( 1948 ) , where the husband is a much more potent , interesting and violent character than the would-be lover , again played by trevor howard .

In contrast , the effect of dealing with domestic disputes can be traumatic on some policemen as they momentarily place their own children and family in the situation of emotional horror they encounter .
in contrast , the effect of dealing with domestic disputes can be traumatic on some policemen as they momentarily place their own children and family in the situation of emotional horror they [meet] .

These practices range from the methods and resources used by the police in handling the various situations they encounter , to the interpretative processes or ‘ cognitive map ’ used in the practical reasoning which their work uniformly requires .
these practices range from the methods and resources used by the police in handling the various situations they [meet] , to the interpretative processes or ‘ cognitive map ’ used in the practical reasoning which their work uniformly requires .

The fear that the encounter might have been handled incompetently is concealed in dismissive remarks about this type of work , about it not bring their job , as well as critical comments on the members of the public who think it is and who therefore make unrealistic demands on them .
the fear that the [meet] might have been handled incompetently is concealed in dismissive remarks about this type of work , about it not bring their job , as well as critical comments on the members of the public who think it is and who therefore make unrealistic demands on them .

Above all , this fear arises in work where the police encounter outsiders whose job it is to make them appear wrong or incompetent — mostly court duty .
above all , this fear arises in work where the police [meet] outsiders whose job it is to make them appear wrong or incompetent — mostly court duty .

With evidence drawn from his field-work in Great Britain , Fielding showed how some constables place primacy upon providing counselling assistance , displaying forbearance in their dealings with the public , and in possessing the communication skills to process the encounter with the public smoothly and to enlist the support of members of the public .
with evidence drawn from his field-work in great britain , fielding showed how some constables place primacy upon providing counselling assistance , displaying forbearance in their dealings with the public , and in possessing the communication skills to process the [meet] with the public smoothly and to enlist the support of members of the public .

But irrespective of how they construe the common sense which is the policeman or woman 's working knowledge , seniors are agreed that new recruits need experience of life to enable them to deal with the range of situations and people they encounter in their work .
but irrespective of how they construe the common sense which is the policeman or woman 's working knowledge , seniors are agreed that new recruits need experience of life to enable them to deal with the range of situations and people they [meet] in their work .

The shift times are designed to place policemen on the streets at times when they will encounter the maximum number of members of the public , even though this public thus tends to comprise shoppers and tradespeople .
the shift times are designed to place policemen on the streets at times when they will [meet] the maximum number of members of the public , even though this public thus tends to comprise shoppers and tradespeople .

There is also a formal element of crime detection , although in the normal course of events all they encounter is shoplifting and parking offences .
there is also a formal element of crime detection , although in the normal course of events all they [meet] is shoplifting and parking offences .

On the same day , Gloucester stole a march by beating the champions , Bath , at Kingsholm in a fierce encounter during which another England prop , Bath 's Gareth Chilcott , was sent off for punching .
on the same day , gloucester stole a march by beating the champions , bath , at kingsholm in a fierce [meet] during which another england prop , bath 's gareth chilcott , was sent off for punching .

Is the text or part of the text written so that a reader will benefit in a future encounter with a work of art ?
is the text or part of the text written so that a reader will benefit in a future [meet] with a work of art ?

Venturi 's survey started with classical times , the uncertainties of writing by Xenocrates , lists of lost works such as the treatise by Apelles , and settled down to comment on two fundamental categories of criticism , the lives of artists , and the critic 's encounter with the work of art .
venturi 's survey started with classical times , the uncertainties of writing by xenocrates , lists of lost works such as the treatise by apelles , and settled down to comment on two fundamental categories of criticism , the lives of artists , and the critic 's [meet] with the work of art .

Writing of many types may assist a reader who looks forward to an encounter with a work of art .
writing of many types may assist a reader who looks forward to an [meet] with a work of art .

The stress of the book falls on a viewer 's encounter with a work of art , and how a prior reading of a piece of art criticism can improve that encounter .
the stress of the book falls on a viewer 's [meet] with a work of art , and how a prior reading of a piece of art criticism can improve that [meet] .

The best preliminary plan may be for the reader to open the book upright at ( the illustration ) and then go to the other side of the room , to be imposed on from a distance : it is the nearest the book can offer to the proper first encounter with the figure .
the best preliminary plan may be for the reader to open the book upright at ( the illustration ) and then go to the other side of the room , to be imposed on from a distance : it is the nearest the book can offer to the proper first [meet] with the figure .

He spends a lot of time saying why this way of regarding syntactic mental states does not encounter the problem of the holism of the mental .
he spends a lot of time saying why this way of regarding syntactic mental states does not [meet] the problem of the holism of the mental .

Then , as we encounter fewer phenomena that genuinely puzzle us , so our faith in the explanatory adequacy of our theoretical base increases .
then , as we [meet] fewer phenomena that genuinely puzzle us , so our faith in the explanatory adequacy of our theoretical base increases .

It would indeed hound him for ever , and inspire the many references in dialogue to his father which we shall encounter , and his ambiguous sense of direction and self-fulfilment .
it would indeed hound him for ever , and inspire the many references in dialogue to his father which we shall [meet] , and his ambiguous sense of direction and self-fulfilment .

Between 1949 and 1954 much of his spare time had been given to poetic scribbling ; and he was also giving voice to a measure of vacillation and disillusionment , which we shall encounter in his poetry from time to time .
between 1949 and 1954 much of his spare time had been given to poetic scribbling ; and he was also giving voice to a measure of vacillation and disillusionment , which we shall [meet] in his poetry from time to time .

The reason for the exultation , the explanation of how this sense of craving had been mollified and a sense of sexual peace bestowed on the lyrics was simple : Marianne had come into his arms ; that golden apparition of loveliness , that lithe , sensuous , intelligent being of intuition and sympathy ; a gift of the gods to rank — and outrank — anything so far told in the surrounding mythology of his adopted Greek homeland ! He has memorialised their encounter and its temporary effect upon his deeper self , the depths of feeling he had for her , in his significantly titled poem ‘ Destiny ’ ( Flowers for Hitler ) :
the reason for the exultation , the explanation of how this sense of craving had been mollified and a sense of sexual peace bestowed on the lyrics was simple : marianne had come into his arms ; that golden apparition of loveliness , that lithe , sensuous , intelligent being of intuition and sympathy ; a gift of the gods to rank — and outrank — anything so far told in the surrounding mythology of his adopted greek homeland ! he has memorialised their [meet] and its temporary effect upon his deeper self , the depths of feeling he had for her , in his significantly titled poem ‘ destiny ’ ( flowers for hitler ) :

2 seed and defending champion Neale Pashley in a close semi-final encounter .
2 seed and defending champion neale pashley in a close semi-final [meet] .

For the insider such an exploration of the secular rituals and social constructs which govern police practice will hold what Myerhoff and Moore ( 1977 : 18 ) have described as ‘ the possibility that we will encounter ourselves making up conceptions of the world , society , our very selves .
for the insider such an exploration of the secular rituals and social constructs which govern police practice will hold what myerhoff and moore ( 1977 : 18 ) have described as ‘ the possibility that we will [meet] ourselves making up conceptions of the world , society , our very selves .

Two books in the recent past ( Pope and Weiner 1981 and Thackrah 1985 ) both contain veiled indications of the problems these civil service academics encounter when they write about the police .
two books in the recent past ( pope and weiner 1981 and thackrah 1985 ) both contain veiled indications of the problems these civil service academics [meet] when they write about the police .

The later encounter is prefaced by advice from Jimmy , whose leadership pretensions are by now in ashes : ‘ Be calm .
the later [meet] is prefaced by advice from jimmy , whose leadership pretensions are by now in ashes : ‘ be calm .

The encounter could be read as establishing that he has been silly , while clearing him of a certain … imputation .
the [meet] could be read as establishing that he has been silly , while clearing him of a certain … imputation .

Then there is the woman question , which arises in the novel in a fashion which sets us wondering , as in the past and as in the case of the above encounter , which parts of the bad behaviour on display Amis quite or largely likes .
then there is the woman question , which arises in the novel in a fashion which sets us wondering , as in the past and as in the case of the above [meet] , which parts of the bad behaviour on display amis quite or largely likes .

In some cases , however , the information on contacts may be slender , particularly if the sexual encounter followed a pick-up in a pub or resulted from a drunken all-night party which had been gate-crashed , and the contact-tracer may then be involved in trips , often abortive , to the Jolly Fig and Navel in the seedier part of town to try to locate Suzie — ‘ … the one with the long blonde hair , pink mini-skirt , and acne ’ .
in some cases , however , the information on contacts may be slender , particularly if the sexual [meet] followed a pick-up in a pub or resulted from a drunken all-night party which had been gate-crashed , and the contact-tracer may then be involved in trips , often abortive , to the jolly fig and navel in the seedier part of town to try to locate suzie — ‘ … the one with the long blonde hair , pink mini-skirt , and acne ’ .

Intimacy is marked by cycles of encounter and withdrawal which ideally involve trusting in absence , as well as communing in each other 's presence .
intimacy is marked by cycles of [meet] and withdrawal which ideally involve trusting in absence , as well as communing in each other 's presence .

The heart is above all the place of encounter between a human being and God .
the heart is above all the place of [meet] between a human being and god .

In our personal encounter with Christ , we begin to distinguish how we have naturally tried to please him , instead of allowing his love to enter our hearts so that we begin to love him with his gift of love to us .
in our personal [meet] with christ , we begin to distinguish how we have naturally tried to please him , instead of allowing his love to enter our hearts so that we begin to love him with his gift of love to us .

In meditation , we encounter the compassion of God for us .
in meditation , we [meet] the compassion of god for us .

That summer evening referred to by Miss Kenton in her letter came very soon after that encounter — indeed , it may have been the evening of that same day .
that summer evening referred to by miss kenton in her letter came very soon after that [meet] — indeed , it may have been the evening of that same day .

Any attempt , in the period between the two World Wars , to raise the school-leaving age or to provide secondary education on a more generous scale was for these reasons bound to encounter sustained political opposition .
any attempt , in the period between the two world wars , to raise the school-leaving age or to provide secondary education on a more generous scale was for these reasons bound to [meet] sustained political opposition .

Do not , however , underestimate the problems you may encounter in taking on a building yourself .
do not , however , underestimate the problems you may [meet] in taking on a building yourself .

That special thrill : Brief Encounter , homosexuality and authorship
that special thrill : brief [meet] , homosexuality and authorship

For British gay men , at least those of my acquaintance , loving Brief Encounter is one such marker .
for british gay men , at least those of my acquaintance , loving brief [meet] is one such marker .

There is , then , a long-established subcultural reading of Brief Encounter that cuts across its ostensible/mainstream meaning , but does this have any substantive base in the text itself or is it only a collective fantasy , a shared ‘ special thrill ’ ? Before tackling the theoretical problems raised by that question , it will be instructive to look at the volatile critical reputation of Brief Encounter within British film culture , since this can be linked very closely to shifting paradigms of authorship .
there is , then , a long-established subcultural reading of brief [meet] that cuts across its ostensible/mainstream meaning , but does this have any substantive base in the text itself or is it only a collective fantasy , a shared ‘ special thrill ’ ? before tackling the theoretical problems raised by that question , it will be instructive to look at the volatile critical reputation of brief [meet] within british film culture , since this can be linked very closely to shifting paradigms of authorship .

Brief Encounter , British cinema and cultural standing
brief [meet] , british cinema and cultural standing

To see [ Brief Encounter ] again … at the Baker Street Classic , is to see another film entirely … the audience in this usually polite and certainly middle-class hall could n't restrain its derision and repeatedly burst into angry exasperated laughter … a well-spoken young lady … finally cried out ‘ Where the hell is Milford Junction anyway ? ’
to see [ brief [meet] ] again … at the baker street classic , is to see another film entirely … the audience in this usually polite and certainly middle-class hall could n't restrain its derision and repeatedly burst into angry exasperated laughter … a well-spoken young lady … finally cried out ‘ where the hell is milford junction anyway ? ’

More than any other single film , Brief Encounter has operated as a barometer of the prevailing assumptions in British film culture .
more than any other single film , brief [meet] has operated as a barometer of the prevailing assumptions in british film culture .

The films made from ‘ Angry ’ texts seemed to mark a similarly definitive rejection of the previous orthodoxies , with Brief Encounter acquiring an unenviable figurehead status as the paradigmatic sexless , middle-class , British film — hence the scorn of the audience that contained Raymond Durgnat .
the films made from ‘ angry ’ texts seemed to mark a similarly definitive rejection of the previous orthodoxies , with brief [meet] acquiring an unenviable figurehead status as the paradigmatic sexless , middle-class , british film — hence the scorn of the audience that contained raymond durgnat .

If Brief Encounter were to be critically favoured at all , it had to be rescued from the discredited label of Coward and conclusively assigned to the body of texts marked ‘ Lean ’ .
if brief [meet] were to be critically favoured at all , it had to be rescued from the discredited label of coward and conclusively assigned to the body of texts marked ‘ lean ’ .

This process , begun in 1946 with the acclaim for Great Expectations , reached its peak with the 1974 publication of Masterworks of the British Cinema , a book that included the script of Brief Encounter but zealously forbade its readers to praise the man who wrote it : ‘ Brief Encounter , indeed , constitutes almost a declaration of independence on Lean 's part from his fruitful but by 1945 no doubt increasingly constricting association with Coward 's writing .
this process , begun in 1946 with the acclaim for great expectations , reached its peak with the 1974 publication of masterworks of the british cinema , a book that included the script of brief [meet] but zealously forbade its readers to praise the man who wrote it : ‘ brief [meet] , indeed , constitutes almost a declaration of independence on lean 's part from his fruitful but by 1945 no doubt increasingly constricting association with coward 's writing .

Nonetheless , his plays ( including Still Life , on which Brief Encounter was based ) can be productively mined for half-hidden endorsements of sexual options that strayed beyond the expected confines of domesticated heterosexual monogamy .
nonetheless , his plays ( including still life , on which brief [meet] was based ) can be productively mined for half-hidden endorsements of sexual options that strayed beyond the expected confines of domesticated heterosexual monogamy .

’ which , in many ways , is the entire story of Brief Encounter encapsulated in two lines .
’ which , in many ways , is the entire story of brief [meet] encapsulated in two lines .

If plays like Design For Living or Private Lives foreground the witty , hedonistic , passionately abandoned side of the bitter-sweet couplet , then Brief Encounter is the key text of the opposite side .
if plays like design for living or private lives foreground the witty , hedonistic , passionately abandoned side of the bitter-sweet couplet , then brief [meet] is the key text of the opposite side .

Moving through the customs shed , itself a film set from Casablanca , new arrivals encounter a pantomime .
moving through the customs shed , itself a film set from casablanca , new arrivals [meet] a pantomime .

But she is excellent in the play-extracts , lending Amanda in Private Lives just the right touch of acid mockery and hinting at a whole world of repressed longing as the suburban wife in Still Life ( the embryonic version of Brief Encounter ) .
but she is excellent in the play-extracts , lending amanda in private lives just the right touch of acid mockery and hinting at a whole world of repressed longing as the suburban wife in still life ( the embryonic version of brief [meet] ) .

After a bad-tempered encounter the soldiers who made up most of the small crowd threw stones at the West Bromwich players .
after a bad-tempered [meet] the soldiers who made up most of the small crowd threw stones at the west bromwich players .

This is not the first time nor the last that we encounter this influential organization .
this is not the first time nor the last that we [meet] this influential organization .

Gironella 's first direct encounter with Velázquez was at an exhibition of his work at the Metropolitan Museum in New York in 1959 .
gironella 's first direct [meet] with velázquez was at an exhibition of his work at the metropolitan museum in new york in 1959 .

For example , we encounter Galileo as a bit-player who corresponded with Lodovico Cigoli over his lunar and sunspot observations .
for example , we [meet] galileo as a bit-player who corresponded with lodovico cigoli over his lunar and sunspot observations .

After walking in and setting down their pocket tape recorder , they soon reveal themselves as inarticulate and badly prepared and the whole encounter is punctuated with long , awkward silences .
after walking in and setting down their pocket tape recorder , they soon reveal themselves as inarticulate and badly prepared and the whole [meet] is punctuated with long , awkward silences .

Just as delectable is the light , slick and superbly swift gearchange , an almost sublimely progressive clutch action and as taut a driveline as you 'll encounter ; driving the 325i in traffic could hardly be easier .
just as delectable is the light , slick and superbly swift gearchange , an almost sublimely progressive clutch action and as taut a driveline as you 'll [meet] ; driving the 325i in traffic could hardly be easier .

Sweeney 's encounter with ‘ the epileptic on the bed ’ parallels that of Nausicaa not with Odysseus but , more shockingly , with ‘ Polypheme ’ .
sweeney 's [meet] with ‘ the epileptic on the bed ’ parallels that of nausicaa not with odysseus but , more shockingly , with ‘ polypheme ’ .

The absurd encounter represented in Eliot 's parenthesis is erotic , but also cannibal , each aspect reinforcing the outrageous horror-comedy of the other .
the absurd [meet] represented in eliot 's parenthesis is erotic , but also cannibal , each aspect reinforcing the outrageous horror-comedy of the other .

In the central dromenon these pleasures take an explicitly sexual form , represented by Burbank 's encounter with Princess Volupine .
in the central dromenon these pleasures take an explicitly sexual form , represented by burbank 's [meet] with princess volupine .

As in After Strange Gods , he is concerned in his conclusion with a return to sources , that is with going back to the savage and working forwards towards his solution to the problem– of modern industrial life ; again such a movement is presented in terms of a familiar encounter .
as in after strange gods , he is concerned in his conclusion with a return to sources , that is with going back to the savage and working forwards towards his solution to the problem– of modern industrial life ; again such a movement is presented in terms of a familiar [meet] .

And via a now explicit association with anality , especially sodomy , homosexuality becomes a paradigm of sterility and solipsism , while heterosexuality is regarded as the way back to a dynamic , creative encounter with the other : in the woman the man embraces ‘ all that is not himself ’ and from that embrace ‘ comes every new action ’ ( quoted in Delany , Nightmare , 79 ) .
and via a now explicit association with anality , especially sodomy , homosexuality becomes a paradigm of sterility and solipsism , while heterosexuality is regarded as the way back to a dynamic , creative [meet] with the other : in the woman the man embraces ‘ all that is not himself ’ and from that embrace ‘ comes every new action ’ ( quoted in delany , nightmare , 79 ) .

In one and the same gay milieu one is likely to encounter identification with , desire tor , and parodies of masculinity .
in one and the same gay milieu one is likely to [meet] identification with , desire tor , and parodies of masculinity .

In fact , it 's Pamina that really grows in this production , from her first encounter with Monostatos ( ' a real pantomime villain ' ) , through the cataclysmic change in her relationship with her mother , the Queen of the Night , from blind devotion to ultimate aversion .
in fact , it 's pamina that really grows in this production , from her first [meet] with monostatos ( ' a real pantomime villain ' ) , through the cataclysmic change in her relationship with her mother , the queen of the night , from blind devotion to ultimate aversion .

Indeed , it was something of a typically topsy-turvy but none the less gritty performance from Durie , who missed a match point at 5-3 and then had to wait an hour to complete the encounter after rain fell at the end of the ninth game .
indeed , it was something of a typically topsy-turvy but none the less gritty performance from durie , who missed a match point at 5-3 and then had to wait an hour to complete the [meet] after rain fell at the end of the ninth game .

With Clare Wood having lost the opening rubber of their second-round encounter against Austria to Judith Wiesner in straight sets , Durie needed to upset the form book .
with clare wood having lost the opening rubber of their second-round [meet] against austria to judith wiesner in straight sets , durie needed to upset the form book .

According to tribal legend , the first Nez Perce to encounter a white man was a woman called Watkuweis , meaning ‘ Returned from a Faraway Country ’ .
according to tribal legend , the first nez perce to [meet] a white man was a woman called watkuweis , meaning ‘ returned from a faraway country ’ .

The warriors pursued Perry to within four miles of Mount Idaho , before returning to gather sixty-three rifles from the battleground . Only three Nez Perce were wounded in the encounter , and Joseph accurately recalled :
the warriors pursued perry to within four miles of mount idaho , before returning to gather sixty-three rifles from the battleground . only three nez perce were wounded in the [meet] , and joseph accurately recalled :

Thus the observer looking for evidence of ‘ knowledge , skills , or expertise ’ in the activities of the specialist team might see it in their tendency , relative to the generic team , to visit more and to recommend and provide a wider range of services ; to make fewer offers of service that are refused ; and to encounter fewer occasions on which re-assessment is thought to be necessary .
thus the observer looking for evidence of ‘ knowledge , skills , or expertise ’ in the activities of the specialist team might see it in their tendency , relative to the generic team , to visit more and to recommend and provide a wider range of services ; to make fewer offers of service that are refused ; and to [meet] fewer occasions on which re-assessment is thought to be necessary .

Nutty , remembering her last encounter , could n't agree , but let it pass .
nutty , remembering her last [meet] , could n't agree , but let it pass .

But attempts to encourage family planning encounter obstacles not only of an economic nature but also of a religious , cultural , and possibly also political nature .
but attempts to encourage family planning [meet] obstacles not only of an economic nature but also of a religious , cultural , and possibly also political nature .

Early in the encounter , Herridge and other spectators said they saw Swansea 's flanker Ian Davies kick Richard Langhorn and the Quins ' No. 8 later had stitches inserted in a head wound .
early in the [meet] , herridge and other spectators said they saw swansea 's flanker ian davies kick richard langhorn and the quins ' no. 8 later had stitches inserted in a head wound .

At one stage in the game they were down to 11 men , but their shortcomings should not be allowed to detract from Warrington 's impressively positive performance , the home side contributing much that was memorable in a thrilling and thunderously received encounter .
at one stage in the game they were down to 11 men , but their shortcomings should not be allowed to detract from warrington 's impressively positive performance , the home side contributing much that was memorable in a thrilling and thunderously received [meet] .

Wales , meaning the suffering Welsh public , desperately needed the comfort of Saturday 's epic encounter before a Stradey Park gathering fit for the occasion to remind themselves of the level of attainment of which their game is still capable .
wales , meaning the suffering welsh public , desperately needed the comfort of saturday 's epic [meet] before a stradey park gathering fit for the occasion to remind themselves of the level of attainment of which their game is still capable .

And it is surely in keeping with the Kremlin 's efforts to win trust abroad , to remove once and for all an issue which intrudes into every high-level encounter with Sweden .
and it is surely in keeping with the kremlin 's efforts to win trust abroad , to remove once and for all an issue which intrudes into every high-level [meet] with sweden .

An encounter on the journey , and preparations for another
an [meet] on the journey , and preparations for another

This time the encounter is hurried over .
this time the [meet] is hurried over .

The Jacob of the larger Genesis narrative , his mind full of the dangers of his coming encounter with Esau , and thinking that Esau is already on his way to attack him , must naturally assume at first that his attacker is his brother .
the jacob of the larger genesis narrative , his mind full of the dangers of his coming [meet] with esau , and thinking that esau is already on his way to attack him , must naturally assume at first that his attacker is his brother .

The encounter at Bethel ended with words of blessing , with the coming of the dawn , and with recognition .
the [meet] at bethel ended with words of blessing , with the coming of the dawn , and with recognition .

Mungo was unable to forget the curious encounter .
mungo was unable to forget the curious [meet] .

He had not realized that it would be the sort of modern play where people strip off and simulate the beginnings of a sexual encounter .
he had not realized that it would be the sort of modern play where people strip off and simulate the beginnings of a sexual [meet] .

No chance encounter has composed
no chance [meet] has composed

Charles was gazetted Second Lieutenant in June 1939 and not many weeks afterwards he and Clarissa were embarrassed to encounter Charity Rainham outside the flats .
charles was gazetted second lieutenant in june 1939 and not many weeks afterwards he and clarissa were embarrassed to [meet] charity rainham outside the flats .

Aunt Marjorie herself was in the habit of having early nights and she was n't encountered , but on the way back , in heavy rain , Charles did encounter his Company Commander .
aunt marjorie herself was in the habit of having early nights and she was n't encountered , but on the way back , in heavy rain , charles did [meet] his company commander .

This book , therefore , is not only about how men and women in the nineteenth century faced the hour of death ; it is also about what they expected to encounter on the further shore .
this book , therefore , is not only about how men and women in the nineteenth century faced the hour of death ; it is also about what they expected to [meet] on the further shore .

We encounter the contrasts between at one extreme domesticated grandfathers , and at the other , elderly couples at war .
we [meet] the contrasts between at one extreme domesticated grandfathers , and at the other , elderly couples at war .

We encounter a string of bawdy limericks , a dream-poem ( with woodcuts ) , a film-script , and the recording of a Kazakh singing duel , among others .
we [meet] a string of bawdy limericks , a dream-poem ( with woodcuts ) , a film-script , and the recording of a kazakh singing duel , among others .

Claude Simon 's novels disprove the proposition that the nouveau roman is ‘ dehistorical ’ : almost all of his novels engage directly with the epistemological and ontological status of the encounter with history .
claude simon 's novels disprove the proposition that the nouveau roman is ‘ dehistorical ’ : almost all of his novels engage directly with the epistemological and ontological status of the [meet] with history .

Thus , the protagonists ' encounter with a postman who is too drunk to articulate properly or to deliver his letters , which he keeps dropping in the street , is one of a series of symbolic episodes expressing the generalized breakdown of communication in a country that has lost all sense of social cohesion .
thus , the protagonists ' [meet] with a postman who is too drunk to articulate properly or to deliver his letters , which he keeps dropping in the street , is one of a series of symbolic episodes expressing the generalized breakdown of communication in a country that has lost all sense of social cohesion .

The designer 's close encounter of severe illness had a profound influence on his scheme .
the designer 's close [meet] of severe illness had a profound influence on his scheme .

The situation he found himself in was a source of much amusement to the rest of the clan too , but also considerable tension , for a frustrated Lachlan Cattanach was an unchancy man to encounter .
the situation he found himself in was a source of much amusement to the rest of the clan too , but also considerable tension , for a frustrated lachlan cattanach was an unchancy man to [meet] .

It would swiftly encounter , as it has done before , a wages explosion , and lose us our edge over Europe on labour costs .
it would swiftly [meet] , as it has done before , a wages explosion , and lose us our edge over europe on labour costs .

One encounter sticks in the memory from the Channel 4 Debate .
one [meet] sticks in the memory from the channel 4 debate .

Chen won the third game against Qian Qianli and the final encounter against Dietmar Palmi 21–10 , 21–14 .
chen won the third game against qian qianli and the final [meet] against dietmar palmi 21–10 , 21–14 .

One was preoccupied with her son , veteran of the ski-rack encounter .
one was preoccupied with her son , veteran of the ski-rack [meet] .

The reaction to Richardson can be attributed to three factors — a rumour that supposed friction between him and Jamaica 's Jeffrey Dujon led to Dujon 's omission from the World Cup ; another rumour that Richardson passed some remark about Jamaicans after the Dujon affair ; and that Richardson described the historic World Cup encounter with South Africa as ‘ just another cricket match ’ .
the reaction to richardson can be attributed to three factors — a rumour that supposed friction between him and jamaica 's jeffrey dujon led to dujon 's omission from the world cup ; another rumour that richardson passed some remark about jamaicans after the dujon affair ; and that richardson described the historic world cup [meet] with south africa as ‘ just another cricket match ’ .

He hates the invaders , from not-all-that-stout Cortes via de Soto , the first to encounter the Cherokees , and the treacherous English and French who made life hell for the Mohawks , right up to the Quebec police who fired on the Mohawks as they protected their remnant of land against the building of a golf course .
he hates the invaders , from not-all-that-stout cortes via de soto , the first to [meet] the cherokees , and the treacherous english and french who made life hell for the mohawks , right up to the quebec police who fired on the mohawks as they protected their remnant of land against the building of a golf course .

Gloucestershire already have their sights on this year 's Daily Telegraph Channel League title after beating Dorset , last summer 's champions , 8-7 in an exciting encounter .
gloucestershire already have their sights on this year 's daily telegraph channel league title after beating dorset , last summer 's champions , 8-7 in an exciting [meet] .

Anyone who has ever had a close encounter with that lethal spirit tequila ( accurately described here as liquid plutonium ) will experience an agreeable sense of schadenfreude as the characters toss back the shots with reckless abandon , while the evocation of the hideous , hungover morning-after is hilariously achieved .
anyone who has ever had a close [meet] with that lethal spirit tequila ( accurately described here as liquid plutonium ) will experience an agreeable sense of schadenfreude as the characters toss back the shots with reckless abandon , while the evocation of the hideous , hungover morning-after is hilariously achieved .

Armed with a transcript , Mr Patten , Tory Party chairman , and Mr Heseltine , Environment Secretary , launched into a carefully-rehearsed re-enactment of the Labour leader 's encounter with 20-year-old Alec Dunn , a first-time voter from Bolton .
armed with a transcript , mr patten , tory party chairman , and mr heseltine , environment secretary , launched into a carefully-rehearsed re-enactment of the labour leader 's [meet] with 20-year-old alec dunn , a first-time voter from bolton .

It 's also a real pleasure to encounter a show with so many fine tunes .
it 's also a real pleasure to [meet] a show with so many fine tunes .

In their third and last encounter Porfiry tells Raskolnikov that what he needs more than anything is somebody to be — ‘ life and a definite position ’ .
in their third and last [meet] porfiry tells raskolnikov that what he needs more than anything is somebody to be — ‘ life and a definite position ’ .

There 's a littleness about it all : again it must not be seen as mere chance that we encounter Swift 's Lilliput on the first page of the novel .
there 's a littleness about it all : again it must not be seen as mere chance that we [meet] swift 's lilliput on the first page of the novel .

Mrs Henry 's encounter with cancer has , not surprisingly , changed her life .
mrs henry 's [meet] with cancer has , not surprisingly , changed her life .

Our first encounter with ‘ The way through the Fish ’ , a modern classic of the Marmalada South Face in the Italian Dolomites had ended with us well beaten and rather incomprehendingly abseiling down during a perfect alpine evening .
our first [meet] with ‘ the way through the fish ’ , a modern classic of the marmalada south face in the italian dolomites had ended with us well beaten and rather incomprehendingly abseiling down during a perfect alpine evening .

We were all keen walkers , and enjoyed the challenge of remote places , but nothing in Britain could have prepared us for this close encounter of the furry kind .
we were all keen walkers , and enjoyed the challenge of remote places , but nothing in britain could have prepared us for this close [meet] of the furry kind .

We were in Kenya , and our buffalo encounter was in the Leroghi Hills , a small range to the south of Lake Turkana , the ‘ Jade Sea ’ of John Hillaby 's book .
we were in kenya , and our buffalo [meet] was in the leroghi hills , a small range to the south of lake turkana , the ‘ jade sea ’ of john hillaby 's book .

Remembering the close encounter near Maralal , we arranged for an armed park ranger to accompany us , so that we would also be protected in case of emergency .
remembering the close [meet] near maralal , we arranged for an armed park ranger to accompany us , so that we would also be protected in case of emergency .

As the child that comes or may come from a sexual encounter between a man and a woman differs from the child born from that man and some other woman ( or from the same man and the same woman on another occasion ) , so every genuine poem is the unique product of one unrepeatable encounter between the artist and an unearthly partner who may be called ‘ Muse ’ or ‘ goddess ’ .
as the child that comes or may come from a sexual [meet] between a man and a woman differs from the child born from that man and some other woman ( or from the same man and the same woman on another occasion ) , so every genuine poem is the unique product of one unrepeatable [meet] between the artist and an unearthly partner who may be called ‘ muse ’ or ‘ goddess ’ .

In fact she agreed cheerfully that she liked to see the whites of the eyes of any constable stupid enough to encounter her with tie undone or shirt unbuttoned .
in fact she agreed cheerfully that she liked to see the whites of the eyes of any constable stupid enough to [meet] her with tie undone or shirt unbuttoned .

Had they seen Saturday 's encounter , the Kiwis might have been tempted to catch a plane home .
had they seen saturday 's [meet] , the kiwis might have been tempted to catch a plane home .

He will miss tomorrow 's encounter with Cheshire .
he will miss tomorrow 's [meet] with cheshire .

Or consider the density of trope and implication in the following : ‘ New ’ New Criticism would thus claim to respond to literature 's essential nature in which signifiers are prised utterly free of signifieds , aiming , in its no-holds-barred encounter with the text , for a coherence and validity of response , not objectivity and truth ’ ( Hawkes 's italics ) .
or consider the density of trope and implication in the following : ‘ new ’ new criticism would thus claim to respond to literature 's essential nature in which signifiers are prised utterly free of signifieds , aiming , in its no-holds-barred [meet] with the text , for a coherence and validity of response , not objectivity and truth ’ ( hawkes 's italics ) .

But in the present economic state of academic publishing the encounter between market forces and intellectual value tends to subordinate the latter to the former .
but in the present economic state of academic publishing the [meet] between market forces and intellectual value tends to subordinate the latter to the former .

In Ashton 's version , as in the Russian staged version , the Tutor 's encounter with Katia , the servant girl , allows him momentarily to be back home amongst his master 's peasants .
in ashton 's version , as in the russian staged version , the tutor 's [meet] with katia , the servant girl , allows him momentarily to be back home amongst his master 's peasants .

Even though the boys and girls are figments of Robbins ' imagination , their brief encounter is based in reality even to the introduction of popular dance steps and stylistic elements current during the 1939–45 war .
even though the boys and girls are figments of robbins ' imagination , their brief [meet] is based in reality even to the introduction of popular dance steps and stylistic elements current during the 1939–45 war .

The defending champions Jim Pugh and Rick Leach also lost their second successive round-robin group encounter and were left to play off for the minor placings .
the defending champions jim pugh and rick leach also lost their second successive round-robin group [meet] and were left to play off for the minor placings .

The speed of hands stamped the most vivid contrast on the encounter , for in each session Leonard took time out in his backtracking to whip in the jab and later the left hook to win the judges ' favour .
the speed of hands stamped the most vivid contrast on the [meet] , for in each session leonard took time out in his backtracking to whip in the jab and later the left hook to win the judges ' favour .

The defending champions Jim Pugh and Rick Leach also lost their second successive round-robin group encounter and were left to play off for the minor placings .
the defending champions jim pugh and rick leach also lost their second successive round-robin group [meet] and were left to play off for the minor placings .

The fight with Hearns brought a new questioning of boxing and this type of ‘ golden oldie ’ encounter .
the fight with hearns brought a new questioning of boxing and this type of ‘ golden oldie ’ [meet] .

Duran , in contrast , does need the fight — firstly to pay some tax debts , but above all to erase the memory of their last encounter .
duran , in contrast , does need the fight — firstly to pay some tax debts , but above all to erase the memory of their last [meet] .

After the revolution , in 1923 , Moscow River Yacht Club challenged the Workers Fitness Club for what was recorded as the first rugby encounter in the history of Soviet sport .
after the revolution , in 1923 , moscow river yacht club challenged the workers fitness club for what was recorded as the first rugby [meet] in the history of soviet sport .

The meeting , believed to have been suggested by the Soviet Union , is the first such encounter since 1971 .
the meeting , believed to have been suggested by the soviet union , is the first such [meet] since 1971 .

This will be Scotland 's third World Cup encounter with Brazil ; they drew 0-0 in 1974 and Brazil won 4-1 in 1982 .
this will be scotland 's third world cup [meet] with brazil ; they drew 0-0 in 1974 and brazil won 4-1 in 1982 .

Wherever you look England appear likely to encounter the sort of quality of opposition that has usually ended their World Cup ambitions in the past .
wherever you look england appear likely to [meet] the sort of quality of opposition that has usually ended their world cup ambitions in the past .

Bridgend 16 , Neath 22 Close encounter .
bridgend 16 , neath 22 close [meet] .

The encounter with him had left Maggie with an enormous lump in her throat .
the [meet] with him had left maggie with an enormous lump in her throat .

Mrs Jackson of Curzon Street reluctantly told Berret of her encounter with a man in Cross Street at the relevant time .
mrs jackson of curzon street reluctantly told berret of her [meet] with a man in cross street at the relevant time .

An extra-full crew of Swallows — Bridget is old enough to join in the adventures for the first time — and the two visiting Amazons turn surveyors , until they encounter those muddy indigenous savages , the Eels and the Mastodon , and the hostilities replace exploration .
an extra-full crew of swallows — bridget is old enough to join in the adventures for the first time — and the two visiting amazons turn surveyors , until they [meet] those muddy indigenous savages , the eels and the mastodon , and the hostilities replace exploration .

All we are left with are a few opening chapters ( published as Coots in the North , edited by Hugh Brogan ) , and notes towards an encounter between two sets of pirates , the Death and Glories and the Amazons , which promised to have been a battle royal .
all we are left with are a few opening chapters ( published as coots in the north , edited by hugh brogan ) , and notes towards an [meet] between two sets of pirates , the death and glories and the amazons , which promised to have been a battle royal .

The parents or guardians of an autistic child will encounter rather different difficulties in bringing up their child than those with a Down 's child , although there are some common themes which , it could be argued , operate for all children .
the parents or guardians of an autistic child will [meet] rather different difficulties in bringing up their child than those with a down 's child , although there are some common themes which , it could be argued , operate for all children .

Babies who are born normal , but encounter some form of birth trauma or injury are brain damaged , and the nature of their handicap will depend on the part of the brain affected .
babies who are born normal , but [meet] some form of birth trauma or injury are brain damaged , and the nature of their handicap will depend on the part of the brain affected .

For Modigliani painting was a very private encounter between artist and sitter .
for modigliani painting was a very private [meet] between artist and sitter .

15.25 Through the programmes of study pupils should encounter a range of situations and activities which are designed to develop their competence , precision and confidence in speaking and listening , irrespective of their initial competence or home language .
15.25 through the programmes of study pupils should [meet] a range of situations and activities which are designed to develop their competence , precision and confidence in speaking and listening , irrespective of their initial competence or home language .

16.13 At secondary school , pupils should be increasingly encouraged to think critically about the texts they encounter , as a means of enlarging their understanding of the worlds of others , and in this way to examine and develop their own responses .
16.13 at secondary school , pupils should be increasingly encouraged to think critically about the texts they [meet] , as a means of enlarging their understanding of the worlds of others , and in this way to examine and develop their own responses .

Pupils should encounter an environment in which they are surrounded by books and other reading material presented in an attractive and inviting way .
pupils should [meet] an environment in which they are surrounded by books and other reading material presented in an attractive and inviting way .

The choice of texts should draw on reading material of the kind children will encounter in school through the programmes of study we have recommended .
the choice of texts should draw on reading material of the kind children will [meet] in school through the programmes of study we have recommended .

Here we encounter one of the main differences between normative-explanatory accounts such as the ones offered here of authority or the later account ( in Chapter 7 ) of rights , and the purely linguistic explanations often advocated by analytic philosophers .
here we [meet] one of the main differences between normative-explanatory accounts such as the ones offered here of authority or the later account ( in chapter 7 ) of rights , and the purely linguistic explanations often advocated by analytic philosophers .

To say ‘ good morning ’ when you first encounter a colleague or employee is a convention , but to fail to do so is none the less offensive .
to say ‘ good morning ’ when you first [meet] a colleague or employee is a convention , but to fail to do so is none the less offensive .

Children will encounter the Christian Church in the outside world , and will meet with Christianity among their contemporaries as they grow up , even if they have not met it at home .
children will [meet] the christian church in the outside world , and will meet with christianity among their contemporaries as they grow up , even if they have not met it at home .

And up until now , the effortless ballet of their lack of encounter had come , in a way , as a relief .
and up until now , the effortless ballet of their lack of [meet] had come , in a way , as a relief .

So we must accept that the creatures we will encounter in the Scottish hills are not the stuff of big game hunters ' after-dinner bragging , but they are varied and thrilling in their discovery nonetheless .
so we must accept that the creatures we will [meet] in the scottish hills are not the stuff of big game hunters ' after-dinner bragging , but they are varied and thrilling in their discovery nonetheless .

My only other close encounter with a paraglider was finding one grounded in a quagmire in the Arrochar Alps , where the poor man had come down in the wrong glen , leaving him miles to walk back to any road .
my only other close [meet] with a paraglider was finding one grounded in a quagmire in the arrochar alps , where the poor man had come down in the wrong glen , leaving him miles to walk back to any road .

The continents just drift around passively on the backs of the mantle convection cells , like great rafts , with the ‘ leading ’ edges of the rafts being dragged down and thickened where they encounter descending oceanic crust .
the continents just drift around passively on the backs of the mantle convection cells , like great rafts , with the ‘ leading ’ edges of the rafts being dragged down and thickened where they [meet] descending oceanic crust .

Dry rot is disastrous , and any house you encounter with it should be left strictly to the experts , the treatment involving extensive renewal of timbers and the disinfecting of all other timbers , brickwork , slates and cavities .
dry rot is disastrous , and any house you [meet] with it should be left strictly to the experts , the treatment involving extensive renewal of timbers and the disinfecting of all other timbers , brickwork , slates and cavities .

But for some the undertow is too strong and they are sucked away to navigate unexplored tributaries of the Amazon , encounter the tribes of remotest Papua New Guinea , cross Australia by camel , or Asia by bicycle , or walk to the North Pole — alone .
but for some the undertow is too strong and they are sucked away to navigate unexplored tributaries of the amazon , [meet] the tribes of remotest papua new guinea , cross australia by camel , or asia by bicycle , or walk to the north pole — alone .

Some travel to encounter different people and ways of life , others travel to reach a particular destination : the peak of an unconquered mountain , the far side of a desert or continent , the source of a river .
some travel to [meet] different people and ways of life , others travel to reach a particular destination : the peak of an unconquered mountain , the far side of a desert or continent , the source of a river .

The New York Herald dispatched the journalist Henry Morton Stanley to find him , which he did on the famous encounter of 10 November 1871 at Ujiji , near Lake Tanganyika .
the new york herald dispatched the journalist henry morton stanley to find him , which he did on the famous [meet] of 10 november 1871 at ujiji , near lake tanganyika .

The founding father of modern Mithraic studies , Franz Cumont , showed that Roman Mithraism was a continuation of the Iranian religion of Zarathustra and that its origins can be traced back to the Hindus , for in the Vedic hymns we encounter the name Mitra .
the founding father of modern mithraic studies , franz cumont , showed that roman mithraism was a continuation of the iranian religion of zarathustra and that its origins can be traced back to the hindus , for in the vedic hymns we [meet] the name mitra .

Its dissatisfaction at several matters that had bruised West Indies cricket in the previous few months , on and off the field , was vented in the angry reception accorded Richie Richardson in the first match at Kingston 's Sabina Park . Richardson 's widely-quoted comment prior to the historic World Cup encounter against South Africa that it was ‘ just another cricket match
its dissatisfaction at several matters that had bruised west indies cricket in the previous few months , on and off the field , was vented in the angry reception accorded richie richardson in the first match at kingston 's sabina park . richardson 's widely-quoted comment prior to the historic world cup [meet] against south africa that it was ‘ just another cricket match

Imagine just one morning in which everyone you encounter says to you ‘ And what are you going to do for me , then ?
imagine just one morning in which everyone you [meet] says to you ‘ and what are you going to do for me , then ?

Below are some rather more typical questions that you should be prepared to encounter . Look at them with a view to :
below are some rather more typical questions that you should be prepared to [meet] . look at them with a view to :

This is particularly important for people in the older age group who encounter much prejudice about their ability to adapt to new working methods and ?
this is particularly important for people in the older age group who [meet] much prejudice about their ability to adapt to new working methods and ?

Doctors encounter people who take up an undue amount of their time with trivial matters .
doctors [meet] people who take up an undue amount of their time with trivial matters .

By focusing on some of the difficulties people may encounter we do not wish to suggest that life is nothing but problems , nor to imply that these problems can not be overcome .
by focusing on some of the difficulties people may [meet] we do not wish to suggest that life is nothing but problems , nor to imply that these problems can not be overcome .

In almost a quarter of an hour , an incredibly short time for an encounter battle , it was all over , and , to round off a crushing defeat Cope 's baggage train , including his money chest containing £4000 , was captured without a fight .
in almost a quarter of an hour , an incredibly short time for an [meet] battle , it was all over , and , to round off a crushing defeat cope 's baggage train , including his money chest containing £4000 , was captured without a fight .

Like Charles himself , the government had seriously over-estimated the likely degree of Jacobite sympathy he would encounter and they were particularly apprehensive about the security of Chester , which barred the way into North Wales .
like charles himself , the government had seriously over-estimated the likely degree of jacobite sympathy he would [meet] and they were particularly apprehensive about the security of chester , which barred the way into north wales .

’ But the delay was sufficient to postpone the encounter which both the Duke and Prince Charles — though not the latter 's generals — were seeking , though hostility to the retreating invaders was visibly growing .
’ but the delay was sufficient to postpone the [meet] which both the duke and prince charles — though not the latter 's generals — were seeking , though hostility to the retreating invaders was visibly growing .

The first real brush between the two sides came on 17 December when Cumberland 's horsemen approached the rear of the baggage train between Shap and Penrith , but it was not till next day that a more serious encounter occurred .
the first real brush between the two sides came on 17 december when cumberland 's horsemen approached the rear of the baggage train between shap and penrith , but it was not till next day that a more serious [meet] occurred .

With both sides eager for action the stage was set for a full-scale encounter battle .
with both sides eager for action the stage was set for a full-scale [meet] battle .

Soldiers serving elsewhere in the British forces were liable to encounter problems with their Jewish identity . Clive Milton :
soldiers serving elsewhere in the british forces were liable to [meet] problems with their jewish identity . clive milton :

This arrangement can be mathematical once the play is under way ; a conductor or driver may soon assume responsibility for matching passengers to seats and the children will encounter problems of too many , not enough , empty , etc .
this arrangement can be mathematical once the play is under way ; a conductor or driver may soon assume responsibility for matching passengers to seats and the children will [meet] problems of too many , not enough , empty , etc .

When children are actually involved in making things they often do not need an adult , unless they encounter a real difficulty and need help to cut or find a particular shape or material not already available .
when children are actually involved in making things they often do not need an adult , unless they [meet] a real difficulty and need help to cut or find a particular shape or material not already available .

The kind of things that they make may reflect ideas that they encounter in stories , rhymes or visits .
the kind of things that they make may reflect ideas that they [meet] in stories , rhymes or visits .

Numbers are ordered according to the relationship ‘ is greater than ’ , but before children begin to use numbers and understand the basis of their order , they will encounter the notion of ordering in many other ways , based on the kind of comparisons that were mentioned in the section on sorting , such as length , weight , height and width .
numbers are ordered according to the relationship ‘ is greater than ’ , but before children begin to use numbers and understand the basis of their order , they will [meet] the notion of ordering in many other ways , based on the kind of comparisons that were mentioned in the section on sorting , such as length , weight , height and width .

The smugglers have gone , the last major encounter being in 1831 , when six coastguards armed with muskets surprised about forty smugglers at Whitsands , only one of whom was caught while heading for Sheviock .
the smugglers have gone , the last major [meet] being in 1831 , when six coastguards armed with muskets surprised about forty smugglers at whitsands , only one of whom was caught while heading for sheviock .

In his Genesee Diary , Henri Nouwen wrote of his first encounter with John Eudes , head of the Trappist Abbey of Gethsemani , who was to become his director :
in his genesee diary , henri nouwen wrote of his first [meet] with john eudes , head of the trappist abbey of gethsemani , who was to become his director :

Someone directing others needs to know the Bible as his own resource of study and meditation , to know its teaching about man 's relationship with God in covenant , encounter , incorporation , to know both its teaching on prayer and those who in its pages are seen at prayer .
someone directing others needs to know the bible as his own resource of study and meditation , to know its teaching about man 's relationship with god in covenant , [meet] , incorporation , to know both its teaching on prayer and those who in its pages are seen at prayer .

Brownie Owl did n't say a word about Penny 's encounter with the farmer , although by this time , of course , she 'd heard all about it — from both sides .
brownie owl did n't say a word about penny 's [meet] with the farmer , although by this time , of course , she 'd heard all about it — from both sides .

It was a reaction reminiscent of that following Huddersfield 's stormy League encounter with Notts County ten years before , when Chapman transferred the suspended Islip .
it was a reaction reminiscent of that following huddersfield 's stormy league [meet] with notts county ten years before , when chapman transferred the suspended islip .

The novel opens with the child 's terrifying encounter with Magwitch , an escaped convict , in a lonely country churchyard , and his being forced to steal from his home food and a file for the man whose recapture he subsequently witnesses .
the novel opens with the child 's terrifying [meet] with magwitch , an escaped convict , in a lonely country churchyard , and his being forced to steal from his home food and a file for the man whose recapture he subsequently witnesses .

the difficulties that you may encounter in obtaining alternative employment .
the difficulties that you may [meet] in obtaining alternative employment .

Each encounter might be new but there were adaptable , tried , and trusted tactics , an array of legal and police craft tools .
each [meet] might be new but there were adaptable , tried , and trusted tactics , an array of legal and police craft tools .

An officer who spent his career patrolling a middle-class suburb would only in extreme circumstances be involved in a physical encounter .
an officer who spent his career patrolling a middle-class suburb would only in extreme circumstances be involved in a physical [meet] .

Several clubs from the Football League sought to tempt Harry away from the Palace , but without success , and he became the first Palace player to be awarded a Benefit by our club — it was the Southern League encounter with Coventry City at the Palace on 12 October 1912 .
several clubs from the football league sought to tempt harry away from the palace , but without success , and he became the first palace player to be awarded a benefit by our club — it was the southern league [meet] with coventry city at the palace on 12 october 1912 .

Graciously the principal did apologise for the ferocity of his attack but that encounter prompted me to produce this leaflet in defence of the Word of God and the integrity of some very important person who are in effect made out to be liars if the theory of evolution is true .
graciously the principal did apologise for the ferocity of his attack but that [meet] prompted me to produce this leaflet in defence of the word of god and the integrity of some very important person who are in effect made out to be liars if the theory of evolution is true .

you encounter someone who is good at something you are poor at but aspire to ( ie flirting , dancing , doing crossword puzzles , playing a musical instrument , telling jokes , playing sports , doing the Rubik cube in 38 seconds )
you [meet] someone who is good at something you are poor at but aspire to ( ie flirting , dancing , doing crossword puzzles , playing a musical instrument , telling jokes , playing sports , doing the rubik cube in 38 seconds )

In effect , therefore , we stop acquiring any new skills and this may mean we risk having too narrow a repertoire of skills to equip us adequately for the variety of people-situations we are likely to encounter .
in effect , therefore , we stop acquiring any new skills and this may mean we risk having too narrow a repertoire of skills to equip us adequately for the variety of people-situations we are likely to [meet] .

Interviewing is a special face to face encounter which comes in a number of different guises .
interviewing is a special face to face [meet] which comes in a number of different guises .

The more people have access to the telephone , the more likely it is that you will encounter unskilled telephone users .
the more people have access to the telephone , the more likely it is that you will [meet] unskilled telephone users .

On their first encounter , she had drawn him abruptly into her chamber and asked him to tell her about Nicholas .
on their first [meet] , she had drawn him abruptly into her chamber and asked him to tell her about nicholas .

He must be encouraged to bascule over them so that he is ready to jump the more demanding and athletic type fences he is bound to encounter later on .
he must be encouraged to bascule over them so that he is ready to jump the more demanding and athletic type fences he is bound to [meet] later on .

Whilst waling around the Hop Farm you can encounter our magical collection of fascinating owls and birds of prey and watch flying displays most days ( weather permitting ) .
whilst waling around the hop farm you can [meet] our magical collection of fascinating owls and birds of prey and watch flying displays most days ( weather permitting ) .

They met between George 's window and the open door at the end of the car and although at first they looked moderately at peace with each other , the encounter deteriorated rapidly .
they met between george 's window and the open door at the end of the car and although at first they looked moderately at peace with each other , the [meet] deteriorated rapidly .

Sheila burst in late , breathless from a hilarious encounter between a raw young policeman and a group of women night cleaners picketing a building from which two of them had been sacked .
sheila burst in late , breathless from a hilarious [meet] between a raw young policeman and a group of women night cleaners picketing a building from which two of them had been sacked .

Unfortunately , this encounter with the press resembles a great many others .
unfortunately , this [meet] with the press resembles a great many others .

She also outlined another misconception that could explain the suspicion research nurses often encounter among other nurses .
she also outlined another misconception that could explain the suspicion research nurses often [meet] among other nurses .

Here again , standardisation is the key to the rational use of such training resources as simulators which faithfully reproduce the standard control room and the situations the operators may encounter .
here again , standardisation is the key to the rational use of such training resources as simulators which faithfully reproduce the standard control room and the situations the operators may [meet] .

After this first encounter , the researchers removed portions of the lizards ' tails and reintroduced the pairs .
after this first [meet] , the researchers removed portions of the lizards ' tails and reintroduced the pairs .

Maybe Madison Avenue is too much with me , but a recent encounter with the National Institutes of Health left me convinced that biomedical research like air freshener and tapered nappies , creates markets to ensure its survival .
maybe madison avenue is too much with me , but a recent [meet] with the national institutes of health left me convinced that biomedical research like air freshener and tapered nappies , creates markets to ensure its survival .

It compares this information with electronic ‘ library ’ that is stored in the computer of all radars that the ship is likely to encounter .
it compares this information with electronic ‘ library ’ that is stored in the computer of all radars that the ship is likely to [meet] .

Further evidence comes from an actual encounter between bird and web .
further evidence comes from an actual [meet] between bird and web .

The paths that viruses pursue when they infect begin to diverge as soon as they encounter the outside of the cells they invade .
the paths that viruses pursue when they infect begin to diverge as soon as they [meet] the outside of the cells they invade .

It was during one such encounter that she met her mate , Klono .
it was during one such [meet] that she met her mate , klono .

It appears , in fact , that the speed and reliability of a bee 's flower memory at least roughly corresponds to the degree of variability it is likely to encounter among flowers of the same species in nature ( including variation from day to day of an individual blossom ) .
it appears , in fact , that the speed and reliability of a bee 's flower memory at least roughly corresponds to the degree of variability it is likely to [meet] among flowers of the same species in nature ( including variation from day to day of an individual blossom ) .

Predators from the lower ranks of the animal kingdom sometimes seem to be incapable of inhibiting their automatic responses to the brightly coloured individuals they encounter .
predators from the lower ranks of the animal kingdom sometimes seem to be incapable of inhibiting their automatic responses to the brightly coloured individuals they [meet] .

Many other animals that harbour secret chemical defences also show themselves fearlessly to the world and some of them also perform special displays that indicate their readiness to engage in a chemical encounter .
many other animals that harbour secret chemical defences also show themselves fearlessly to the world and some of them also perform special displays that indicate their readiness to engage in a chemical [meet] .

The pain is severe and no predator would risk a second close encounter with these snakes .
the pain is severe and no predator would risk a second close [meet] with these snakes .

In the broken-wing performance , the realism is so remarkable that even human observers can be fooled when they first encounter it .
in the broken-wing performance , the realism is so remarkable that even human observers can be fooled when they first [meet] it .

The beleaguered owl finds the whole encounter highly distasteful and confusing .
the beleaguered owl finds the whole [meet] highly distasteful and confusing .

Some teenagers are deterred through fear of hurting the feelings of their adopted parents and others may have too many doubts as to how the encounter might work out .
some teenagers are deterred through fear of hurting the feelings of their adopted parents and others may have too many doubts as to how the [meet] might work out .

Sexual intercourse has a mystique about it : there is something inescapably — if invisibly — special in this encounter .
sexual intercourse has a mystique about it : there is something inescapably — if invisibly — special in this [meet] .

It might be possible to approach the problem from another angle : specifically to direct our attention to intentional social behaviour in relation to the outside world , to look at the ways that people cope , deal and come to terms with the non-routine , the out-of-the-ordinary , to document the character of the dynamic between the familiar world and the external processes typical of people in different groups , categories , communities and societies . We might begin by asking : what knowledge do people have about processes beyond the boundaries of familiar reality ? How is this knowledge gained ? How do people recognise unfamiliar processes when they encounter them ? How do they feel their way about on the frontiers of their familiar world ? What resources do they have for dealing with the unfamiliar , and how do they use them ? In other words , what is the nature of social knowledge and social action in relation to those processes which people define as more or less external to their own experience , to everyday life , to their own construction of social reality ?
it might be possible to approach the problem from another angle : specifically to direct our attention to intentional social behaviour in relation to the outside world , to look at the ways that people cope , deal and come to terms with the non-routine , the out-of-the-ordinary , to document the character of the dynamic between the familiar world and the external processes typical of people in different groups , categories , communities and societies . we might begin by asking : what knowledge do people have about processes beyond the boundaries of familiar reality ? how is this knowledge gained ? how do people recognise unfamiliar processes when they [meet] them ? how do they feel their way about on the frontiers of their familiar world ? what resources do they have for dealing with the unfamiliar , and how do they use them ? in other words , what is the nature of social knowledge and social action in relation to those processes which people define as more or less external to their own experience , to everyday life , to their own construction of social reality ?

‘ Oh , that was where the first magic encounter took place , was it ? How did it happen ? Your eyes just met , across a crowded river ? ’ She was n't going to get anywhere . ‘ And your parents ? Have they met Bina ? ’
‘ oh , that was where the first magic [meet] took place , was it ? how did it happen ? your eyes just met , across a crowded river ? ’ she was n't going to get anywhere . ‘ and your parents ? have they met bina ? ’

All over the south and south-west of England and up into the midlands and the borders of Wales we may encounter ancient hill forts on hill tops or upper slopes , still marked by the visible line of prehistoric ditches .
all over the south and south-west of england and up into the midlands and the borders of wales we may [meet] ancient hill forts on hill tops or upper slopes , still marked by the visible line of prehistoric ditches .

It is the kind of rapid , critical examination to which we expose another person when we encounter them for the first time .
it is the kind of rapid , critical examination to which we expose another person when we [meet] them for the first time .

Real books are the books children encounter in story-telling sessions at home , in the library or play-group , and on children 's television — books that become part of the reader 's self , books to be remembered and revisited with anticipated pleasure .
real books are the books children [meet] in story-telling sessions at home , in the library or play-group , and on children 's television — books that become part of the reader 's self , books to be remembered and revisited with anticipated pleasure .

To have read The tale of Peter Rabbit or the Pooh stories or The hobbit is to have had an encounter with fine writing and fine story-telling .
to have read the tale of peter rabbit or the pooh stories or the hobbit is to have had an [meet] with fine writing and fine story-telling .

If it is hard work , give yourself a cup of tea and a medal after the encounter .
if it is hard work , give yourself a cup of tea and a medal after the [meet] .

Attitude training is necessary for all who are going to encounter young people as customers , and all who are going to encounter special children .
attitude training is necessary for all who are going to [meet] young people as customers , and all who are going to [meet] special children .

The main problem that people encounter as they begin to practise the Alexander Technique is the same as Alexander experienced when he was developing his Technique , that is , an unreliable sensory feedback mechanism .
the main problem that people [meet] as they begin to practise the alexander technique is the same as alexander experienced when he was developing his technique , that is , an unreliable sensory feedback mechanism .

crocodiles and a close encounter when he accompanied a hunter and ‘ bagged ’ six crocodiles .
crocodiles and a close [meet] when he accompanied a hunter and ‘ bagged ’ six crocodiles .

Fleetlands , who five weeks ago knocked Alton Bass out of the Trophyman Cup , added insult to injury by taking the point in this league encounter .
fleetlands , who five weeks ago knocked alton bass out of the trophyman cup , added insult to injury by taking the point in this league [meet] .

She told Susan about her encounter when she gave her the humbugs , and the elder sister seemed interested for the first time that evening .
she told susan about her [meet] when she gave her the humbugs , and the elder sister seemed interested for the first time that evening .

The encounter had lasted no longer than one minute at the outside , yet she took away with her a vivid memory of that thin handsome face , with its grimly set lips and smouldering brown eyes .
the [meet] had lasted no longer than one minute at the outside , yet she took away with her a vivid memory of that thin handsome face , with its grimly set lips and smouldering brown eyes .

It took her back to St Petrock 's , and the scene of their first encounter .
it took her back to st petrock 's , and the scene of their first [meet] .

Paula certainly never seemed to encounter such problems .
paula certainly never seemed to [meet] such problems .

This is easy once you realize that a Grand Canyon trip is an encounter group and not a river trip .
this is easy once you realize that a grand canyon trip is an [meet] group and not a river trip .

Thursday 22nd , up at 5.30 , we wanted to make it as early as possible to get to Churchill Dam where we would encounter our first rapids , Chase Rapids .
thursday 22nd , up at 5.30 , we wanted to make it as early as possible to get to churchill dam where we would [meet] our first rapids , chase rapids .

This , my first encounter with real racism came as a shock .
this , my first [meet] with real racism came as a shock .

It is thought , for example , that the long and feathery antennae of male mosquitoes pick up the specific sound wave patterns generated by a female mosquito who is ready and willing for a sexual encounter .
it is thought , for example , that the long and feathery antennae of male mosquitoes pick up the specific sound wave patterns generated by a female mosquito who is ready and willing for a sexual [meet] .

Whereas in the wild , the effect of a burst of adrenaline would be worked off by the strenuous exercise ( running for your life ) that followed , this does not happen when the adrenaline is generated by an unpleasant encounter with a bank manager or traffic warden .
whereas in the wild , the effect of a burst of adrenaline would be worked off by the strenuous exercise ( running for your life ) that followed , this does not happen when the adrenaline is generated by an unpleasant [meet] with a bank manager or traffic warden .

The belief that they are ‘ allergic ’ to a particular food or environmental chemical makes these patients hyperventilate when they encounter it — breathing more deeply is a natural reaction to fear or anxiety .
the belief that they are ‘ allergic ’ to a particular food or environmental chemical makes these patients hyperventilate when they [meet] it — breathing more deeply is a natural reaction to fear or anxiety .

This branch of medicine studies the effects of brief high-dose exposures ( as during an industrial accident ) and long-term exposures at a lower level ( but still much higher than most people would encounter ) .
this branch of medicine studies the effects of brief high-dose exposures ( as during an industrial accident ) and long-term exposures at a lower level ( but still much higher than most people would [meet] ) .

Sceptics will argue that the chemicals we are exposed to have all been tested for safety , and should have no ill-effects at the concentrations we encounter .
sceptics will argue that the chemicals we are exposed to have all been tested for safety , and should have no ill-effects at the concentrations we [meet] .

Given the mixture of 200 or more chemicals that we may encounter everyday , cocktail effects could be very important .
given the mixture of 200 or more chemicals that we may [meet] everyday , cocktail effects could be very important .

Meeting Thomas reminded me that human relations do n't have to be like this , that in other countries you open your account in credit , and unless you squander that goodwill by behaving like a complete arsehole , the mutual warmth continues to grow with every subsequent encounter , as though it were natural for human beings to get on together .
meeting thomas reminded me that human relations do n't have to be like this , that in other countries you open your account in credit , and unless you squander that goodwill by behaving like a complete arsehole , the mutual warmth continues to grow with every subsequent [meet] , as though it were natural for human beings to get on together .

Apart from the obvious poisons , cats are susceptible to a number of substances they may encounter in their daily lives .
apart from the obvious poisons , cats are susceptible to a number of substances they may [meet] in their daily lives .

Fortunately most pet cats , if they do encounter a toad , quickly learn that it tastes bad and , after one preliminary nip , rapidly drop the squirming amphibian and never make the same mistake again .
fortunately most pet cats , if they do [meet] a toad , quickly learn that it tastes bad and , after one preliminary nip , rapidly drop the squirming amphibian and never make the same mistake again .

This is because at first they lack the strength to hurt , and when they do acquire it they quickly learn that a too-powerful play-attack ends the enjoyable encounter .
this is because at first they lack the strength to hurt , and when they do acquire it they quickly learn that a too-powerful play-attack ends the enjoyable [meet] .

For one litter of kittens to encounter another , or for one nursing mother to come close to another 's nest , would be a rare occurrence .
for one litter of kittens to [meet] another , or for one nursing mother to come close to another 's nest , would be a rare occurrence .

From there , they spread across Europe as the Roman empire began to swell Along the way , these early pest-controlling cats started to encounter the wild European cats and to hybridize with them .
from there , they spread across europe as the roman empire began to swell along the way , these early pest-controlling cats started to [meet] the wild european cats and to hybridize with them .

In Lewis Carroll 's Alice in Wonderland we encounter a large cat , lying on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear .
in lewis carroll 's alice in wonderland we [meet] a large cat , lying on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear .

Most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may encounter can almost certainly be dealt with by Student Services , which provides information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .
most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may [meet] can almost certainly be dealt with by student services , which provides information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .

Most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may encounter can almost certainly be dealt with by Student Services , which provides information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .
most students have little difficulty in adapting to university life , and any problems they may [meet] can almost certainly be dealt with by student services , which provides information and assistance in the following areas : accommodation , counselling , health , child-care services and income support .

The steady increase in lunchtime events offering snacks and other refreshments has resulted in the theatre becoming in every sense a social centre for meeting and encounter throughout the day .
the steady increase in lunchtime events offering snacks and other refreshments has resulted in the theatre becoming in every sense a social centre for meeting and [meet] throughout the day .

They sobered up at the graveside in anticipation of the encounter of Jennie and Mary but it was not as hostile as they expected .
they sobered up at the graveside in anticipation of the [meet] of jennie and mary but it was not as hostile as they expected .

You may like to pause for refreshment in the Brief Encounter Restaurant in the South Hall , or visit our shops which contain books , videos and souvenirs for your to remember your visit .
you may like to pause for refreshment in the brief [meet] restaurant in the south hall , or visit our shops which contain books , videos and souvenirs for your to remember your visit .

Visitors will encounter the hubbub of the radio room , the authority of the bridge and the bustle of the dock as the lumpers unload the fish .
visitors will [meet] the hubbub of the radio room , the authority of the bridge and the bustle of the dock as the lumpers unload the fish .

The next day the riders encounter the Col de Montgenèvre ( 1850 metres ) , the Col du Galibier ( 2646 metres ) , the Col du Télégraphe ( 1670 metres ) and the Col de la Croix de Fer ( 2068 metres ) .
the next day the riders [meet] the col de montgenèvre ( 1850 metres ) , the col du galibier ( 2646 metres ) , the col du télégraphe ( 1670 metres ) and the col de la croix de fer ( 2068 metres ) .

The staff member who is the first to encounter the death should summon help immediately and reassure any other residents who may be present .
the staff member who is the first to [meet] the death should summon help immediately and reassure any other residents who may be present .

They are terms which you will encounter in the study of crime and deviance and it might be helpful to define and discuss each at this stage .
they are terms which you will [meet] in the study of crime and deviance and it might be helpful to define and discuss each at this stage .

At some point or other the student of local history will encounter dates expressed in a variety of different ways with which he will have to become familiar .
at some point or other the student of local history will [meet] dates expressed in a variety of different ways with which he will have to become familiar .

Many local historians will encounter the problem of the varying practices regarding the adoption of the Gregorian calendar — the dating of letters concerning a town 's rope trade with Spain or the wool trade with Russia , to name but two .
many local historians will [meet] the problem of the varying practices regarding the adoption of the gregorian calendar — the dating of letters concerning a town 's rope trade with spain or the wool trade with russia , to name but two .

Of the more ancient languages the local historian will encounter in the course of his studies , Old French ( Anglo-Norman ) will be the least important .
of the more ancient languages the local historian will [meet] in the course of his studies , old french ( anglo-norman ) will be the least important .

Such difficulties of interpretation as the modern local historian may encounter are not , however , confined to this class of writing alone , as a single example taken from the sixteenth century will illustrate .
such difficulties of interpretation as the modern local historian may [meet] are not , however , confined to this class of writing alone , as a single example taken from the sixteenth century will illustrate .

General rules are difficult to give because each disciplinary encounter is unique , given the specific circumstances and the individual personalities involved . Ignoring is not applicable :
general rules are difficult to give because each disciplinary [meet] is unique , given the specific circumstances and the individual personalities involved . ignoring is not applicable :

But an experience of praise or reward is so striking and sweet that they work doubly hard to encounter such a state of affairs again .
but an experience of praise or reward is so striking and sweet that they work doubly hard to [meet] such a state of affairs again .

Increasing unemployment in the cities has had all kinds of unfortunate consequences : it reduces demand for such services as retailing , while at the same time increasing pressures on public-sector provision ; and social services , housing training and education encounter increased demands for certain activities .
increasing unemployment in the cities has had all kinds of unfortunate consequences : it reduces demand for such services as retailing , while at the same time increasing pressures on public-sector provision ; and social services , housing training and education [meet] increased demands for certain activities .

The amount of manufacturing employment in a city is important in the sense that those cities with a great many in industry may encounter the greatest loss of jobs .
the amount of manufacturing employment in a city is important in the sense that those cities with a great many in industry may [meet] the greatest loss of jobs .

We laugh about it now , but it is sobering to think that thousands of men , either too old or too young for the Services , should have gone quite voluntarily , many nights a week , to drill and to manoeuvre , seriously believing that they might have to encounter an invading army .
we laugh about it now , but it is sobering to think that thousands of men , either too old or too young for the services , should have gone quite voluntarily , many nights a week , to drill and to manoeuvre , seriously believing that they might have to [meet] an invading army .

Rojas was born in California , as was his mother , who as a child had a pleasant encounter with the bandit Tiburcio Vásquez .
rojas was born in california , as was his mother , who as a child had a pleasant [meet] with the bandit tiburcio vásquez .

A small circle of people who are present at the dance observe this encounter , and the narrator of the story usually says that she or he heard it from someone who was there .
a small circle of people who are present at the dance observe this [meet] , and the narrator of the story usually says that she or he heard it from someone who was there .

The term encompasses all Latinos ( Latin Americans ) who are descendents of the Spanish and Indian encounter .
the term encompasses all latinos ( latin americans ) who are descendents of the spanish and indian [meet] .

Even adults who ’ ve heard the story many times and do not want to admit belief still fear a late-night encounter with La Llorona .
even adults who ’ ve heard the story many times and do not want to admit belief still fear a late-night [meet] with la llorona .

We then encounter a more basic question : Why should we care what the founders actually thought ?
we then [meet] a more basic question : why should we care what the founders actually thought ?

Speaking for the majority favoring the autonomy of state power there was Justice Samuel Miller , appointed to the Court by Lincoln in 1862 , and on the other side , we encounter three passionate opinions expressing sympathy for the plight of the independent butchers .
speaking for the majority favoring the autonomy of state power there was justice samuel miller , appointed to the court by lincoln in 1862 , and on the other side , we [meet] three passionate opinions expressing sympathy for the plight of the independent butchers .

We encounter this noble motive at work and see its failure in our current policy toward the sale and use of narcotics .
we [meet] this noble motive at work and see its failure in our current policy toward the sale and use of narcotics .

Further up the scale of equality , we encounter equality of opportunity in economic competition : Every individual should have the right to compete on an equal footing , with equal education and the basic resources required for the market .
further up the scale of equality , we [meet] equality of opportunity in economic competition : every individual should have the right to compete on an equal footing , with equal education and the basic resources required for the market .

Only in the later story of the Garden of Eden do we encounter the curse and subordination of Eve .
only in the later story of the garden of eden do we [meet] the curse and subordination of eve .

Once the possibility of voluntary euthanasia is recognized , the danger presents itself that terminal patients will encounter social and economic pressure to consent to an early and painless death .
once the possibility of voluntary euthanasia is recognized , the danger presents itself that terminal patients will [meet] social and economic pressure to consent to an early and painless death .

The constant clash between modern and traditional values leads to the numerous fascinating contradictions you will encounter in Japan .
the constant clash between modern and traditional values leads to the numerous fascinating contradictions you will [meet] in japan .

The tiny village of Boot , two hundred yards from the main road , is the first sign of civilization you ’ ll encounter after coming over the passes .
the tiny village of boot , two hundred yards from the main road , is the first sign of civilization you ’ ll [meet] after coming over the passes .

Here you ’ ll also encounter one of the most popular waterfalls in the Lake District .
here you ’ ll also [meet] one of the most popular waterfalls in the lake district .

Near the town of Anchovy , Rocklands Bird Sanctuary offers a fascinating close-up encounter with the birds of Jamaica .
near the town of anchovy , rocklands bird sanctuary offers a fascinating close-up [meet] with the birds of jamaica .

On the narrow roads that tend to twist without warning , you ’ ll encounter cows , sheep , sugarcane wagons , and little children .
on the narrow roads that tend to twist without warning , you ’ ll [meet] cows , sheep , sugarcane wagons , and little children .

For a negotiable sum boatmen will take you around the isles , pointing out where the great 1782 naval encounter occurred between French and British fleets , known as the Battle of Les Saintes ( see page 19 ) .
for a negotiable sum boatmen will take you around the isles , pointing out where the great 1782 naval [meet] occurred between french and british fleets , known as the battle of les saintes ( see page 19 ) .

A first encounter with Indian music is most likely to be in the pleasant surroundings of a restaurant in one of the major hotels ( rather than in what might be the intimidating atmosphere of a large recital hall ) where it may be performed as an accompaniment to an elegant dinner , with first-class musicians .
a first [meet] with indian music is most likely to be in the pleasant surroundings of a restaurant in one of the major hotels ( rather than in what might be the intimidating atmosphere of a large recital hall ) where it may be performed as an accompaniment to an elegant dinner , with first-class musicians .

Nor are you likely to encounter a language problem , as English is taught in all schools and is widely spoken .
nor are you likely to [meet] a language problem , as english is taught in all schools and is widely spoken .

Along with boutiques not found elsewhere , you ’ ll encounter Hollywood culture at its most flaunting and tawdry .
along with boutiques not found elsewhere , you ’ ll [meet] hollywood culture at its most flaunting and tawdry .

The island ’ s next important historical encounter was with the Mongols under Kublai Khan , when Kyushu was the target of abortive assaults in 1274 and 1281 .
the island ’ s next important historical [meet] was with the mongols under kublai khan , when kyushu was the target of abortive assaults in 1274 and 1281 .

The old wooden building is simply magnificent , although its hot bath is one of the most basic you ’ re likely to encounter .
the old wooden building is simply magnificent , although its hot bath is one of the most basic you ’ re likely to [meet] .

Back of the Gaiety Theater you ’ ll probably encounter a theatrical crowd in Neary ’ s ( Chatham Street ) .
back of the gaiety theater you ’ ll probably [meet] a theatrical crowd in neary ’ s ( chatham street ) .

Both are small enough and sufficiently off the beaten path that you ’ re unlikely to encounter large crowds .
both are small enough and sufficiently off the beaten path that you ’ re unlikely to [meet] large crowds .

The hotel also plays host to Dolphin Quest , an encounter with one of man ’ s favorite animals .
the hotel also plays host to dolphin quest , an [meet] with one of man ’ s favorite animals .

Adults can enjoy a hands-on encounter and children are offered special interactive programs under the supervision of a qualified trainer .
adults can enjoy a hands-on [meet] and children are offered special interactive programs under the supervision of a qualified trainer .

Dolphin Encounter .
dolphin [meet] .

During the summer months , visitors to this area may encounter turtles laying their eggs in the sand , or hatchlings making their first instinctive voyage to sea .
during the summer months , visitors to this area may [meet] turtles laying their eggs in the sand , or hatchlings making their first instinctive voyage to sea .

This interactive dolphin center offers a free-form swim with the dolphins , with a strictly limited number of participants , as well as a “ Dolphin Encounter , ” where they learn about these mammals in an up-close and personal manner .
this interactive dolphin center offers a free-form swim with the dolphins , with a strictly limited number of participants , as well as a “ dolphin [meet] , ” where they learn about these mammals in an up-close and personal manner .

Head west out of Nassau and within a couple of minutes you ’ ll encounter three very different attractions .
head west out of nassau and within a couple of minutes you ’ ll [meet] three very different attractions .

Especially in the evenings and on weekends , when you ’ ll encounter a vibrant mix of Cubans and foreigners , the island ’ s casas de la trova really swing .
especially in the evenings and on weekends , when you ’ ll [meet] a vibrant mix of cubans and foreigners , the island ’ s casas de la trova really swing .

Most of the horses you ’ ll encounter are at least part Lusitano , a famous and sure-footed Portuguese breed .
most of the horses you ’ ll [meet] are at least part lusitano , a famous and sure-footed portuguese breed .

The first Spaniard to encounter these Nahuatl settlements was Hernán Cortez ’ s nephew , Francisco Cortez de Buenaventura .
the first spaniard to [meet] these nahuatl settlements was hernán cortez ’ s nephew , francisco cortez de buenaventura .

That leaves rural renters in mobile home parks , apartments and houses with few places to turn when they encounter problems , said Robert Simmons of the Iowa Coalition for Housing and the Homeless .
that leaves rural renters in mobile home parks , apartments and houses with few places to turn when they [meet] problems , said robert simmons of the iowa coalition for housing and the homeless .

By Mary Carr Mayle SAFE Shelter executive director Gail Reese-Wheeler vividly recalls her first encounter with Jim Lindsay 's indomitable spirit .
by mary carr mayle safe shelter executive director gail reese-wheeler vividly recalls her first [meet] with jim lindsay 's indomitable spirit .

Rather , it is meant to suggest that reorganizations of government agencies frequently encounter start-up problems and unanticipated consequences that result from the consolidations are unlikely to fully overcome obstacles and challenges , and may require additional modifications in the future to effectively achieve our collective goals for defending the country against terrorism.7 The Congress faces a challenging and complex job in its consideration of DHS .
rather , it is meant to suggest that reorganizations of government agencies frequently [meet] start-up problems and unanticipated consequences that result from the consolidations are unlikely to fully overcome obstacles and challenges , and may require additional modifications in the future to effectively achieve our collective goals for defending the country against terrorism.7 the congress faces a challenging and complex job in its consideration of dhs .

Programs that do not typically encounter problems that eventually cascade and become magnified through the product development and production phases .
programs that do not typically [meet] problems that eventually cascade and become magnified through the product development and production phases .

In discharging their professional responsibilities , auditors may encounter conflicting pressures from management of the audited entity , various levels of government , employers , and others who rely on the objectivity and independence of the auditors .
in discharging their professional responsibilities , auditors may [meet] conflicting pressures from management of the audited entity , various levels of government , employers , and others who rely on the objectivity and independence of the auditors .

These workers seek legal assistance when they encounter difficulties obtaining workers compensation benefits .
these workers seek legal assistance when they [meet] difficulties obtaining workers compensation benefits .

Strategic Directions 2000-2005 also identified anticipated outcomes , including : increased numbers of clients receiving legal services appropriate to the legal issues they encounter ; expanded relevancy of the delivery system to the most pressing needs of low-income clients , with clients themselves taking a leading role in this effort ; an expanded range and improvement in the quality of services provided by legal services programs ; and finally , greater consistency in the quality of legal services programs .
strategic directions 2000-2005 also identified anticipated outcomes , including : increased numbers of clients receiving legal services appropriate to the legal issues they [meet] ; expanded relevancy of the delivery system to the most pressing needs of low-income clients , with clients themselves taking a leading role in this effort ; an expanded range and improvement in the quality of services provided by legal services programs ; and finally , greater consistency in the quality of legal services programs .

It informs low income people about their legal rights and responsibilities connected with various situations they might encounter as consumers , tenants , parents , spouses , employees and citizens .
it informs low income people about their legal rights and responsibilities connected with various situations they might [meet] as consumers , tenants , parents , spouses , employees and citizens .

We do not know whether the lunch encounter occurred by chance or design .
we do not know whether the lunch [meet] occurred by chance or design .

The Port Authority has acknowledged that in the future , tenants should be made aware of what conditions they will encounter during descent .
the port authority has acknowledged that in the future , tenants should be made aware of what conditions they will [meet] during descent .

The difficulties Bin Ladin began to encounter in Sudan in 1995 , his move to Afghanistan in 1996 , and the months spent establishing ties with the Taliban may also have played a role , as did Banshiri 's accidental drowning .
the difficulties bin ladin began to [meet] in sudan in 1995 , his move to afghanistan in 1996 , and the months spent establishing ties with the taliban may also have played a role , as did banshiri 's accidental drowning .

At the time of the February 1 , 2000 , restaurant encounter , Bin Don , a U.S. citizen , went by the name Isamu Dyson .
at the time of the february 1 , 2000 , restaurant [meet] , bin don , a u.s. citizen , went by the name isamu dyson .

Customer service representative Gail Jawahir recalled that her encounter with the Ghamdis occurred at `` shortly before 7 A.M. , '' and when shown photos of the hijackers , she indicated that Mohand al Shehri resembled one of the two she checked in ( suggesting they were Banihammad and Shehri ) .
customer service representative gail jawahir recalled that her [meet] with the ghamdis occurred at `` shortly before 7 a.m. , '' and when shown photos of the hijackers , she indicated that mohand al shehri resembled one of the two she checked in ( suggesting they were banihammad and shehri ) .

This should include discretionary funds for expenditures by military units that often encounter opportunities to help the local population .
this should include discretionary funds for expenditures by military units that often [meet] opportunities to help the local population .

Since officials at the borders encounter travelers and their documents first and investigate travel facilitators , they must work closely with intelligence officials .
since officials at the borders [meet] travelers and their documents first and investigate travel facilitators , they must work closely with intelligence officials .

A wide range of border , immigration , and law enforcement officials encounter visitors and immigrants and they are given little training in terrorist travel intelligence .
a wide range of border , immigration , and law enforcement officials [meet] visitors and immigrants and they are given little training in terrorist travel intelligence .

In addition to experiencing unfair treatment in their families , communities , and places of work , PLWA may encounter discrimination from health-care professionals .
in addition to experiencing unfair treatment in their families , communities , and places of work , plwa may [meet] discrimination from health-care professionals .

Cells also encounter elevated levels of these reactive oxygen species when they are released by animals , plants , and insects as a defense against detrimental organisms such as microbial pathogens .
cells also [meet] elevated levels of these reactive oxygen species when they are released by animals , plants , and insects as a defense against detrimental organisms such as microbial pathogens .

OxyR contains two critical cysteines that are oxidized to form an intramolecular disulfide bond when cells encounter peroxide stress ( Zheng et al .
oxyr contains two critical cysteines that are oxidized to form an intramolecular disulfide bond when cells [meet] peroxide stress ( zheng et al .

Their data suggest that when cells encounter oxidative stress , a key cysteinyl residue near the active site of methionine synthase ( MetE ) is glutathionylated .
their data suggest that when cells [meet] oxidative stress , a key cysteinyl residue near the active site of methionine synthase ( mete ) is glutathionylated .

Later we encounter a crew of charming and articulate dwarfs taking time out from a disco at the Reno convention of the Little People of America .
later we [meet] a crew of charming and articulate dwarfs taking time out from a disco at the reno convention of the little people of america .

Three 's Company Even in a species such as S. commune , with its thousands of mating types , each sexual encounter involves only two cells .
three 's company even in a species such as s. commune , with its thousands of mating types , each sexual [meet] involves only two cells .

These experiments could be expanded to large-scale screens ( St Johnston 2002 ) , but this would be time consuming and could encounter the problem that some genes will be cell lethal , preventing the analysis of their function in actin dynamics .
these experiments could be expanded to large-scale screens ( st johnston 2002 ) , but this would be time consuming and could [meet] the problem that some genes will be cell lethal , preventing the analysis of their function in actin dynamics .

Individuals within a wild population show remarkably little morphological variation , given the amount of environmental variation they encounter during development and the amount of genetic variation within the population .
individuals within a wild population show remarkably little morphological variation , given the amount of environmental variation they [meet] during development and the amount of genetic variation within the population .

A 1999 survey indicated that 75 % of the truckers surveyed had had sex with a sex worker and that only 70 % of the truckers had used a condom during their last sexual encounter [ 15 ] .
a 1999 survey indicated that 75 % of the truckers surveyed had had sex with a sex worker and that only 70 % of the truckers had used a condom during their last sexual [meet] [ 15 ] .

Monitoring of behavioural trends has shown that condom use during the last sexual encounter as reported by female sex workers has markedly increased from 63 % in 1998 to 90 % in 2002 [ 28 ] .
monitoring of behavioural trends has shown that condom use during the last sexual [meet] as reported by female sex workers has markedly increased from 63 % in 1998 to 90 % in 2002 [ 28 ] .

The authors suggest that the high doses of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to major histocompatibility complex molecules—the very quality that makes them more immunogenic—induce many T cells with low recognition efficiency for the native peptides they encounter on the tumor cells .
the authors suggest that the high doses of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to major histocompatibility complex molecules—the very quality that makes them more immunogenic—induce many t cells with low recognition efficiency for the native peptides they [meet] on the tumor cells .

Standard encounter forms were completed for a systematic random sample of patient visits during randomly assigned reporting periods .
standard [meet] forms were completed for a systematic random sample of patient visits during randomly assigned reporting periods .

Yearly encounter forms varied slightly between NAMCS and NHAMCS and were revised every two years .
yearly [meet] forms varied slightly between namcs and nhamcs and were revised every two years .

For instance , we identified patients as having hyperlipidemia if their encounter forms contained an International Classification of Disease code within 272.0–272.4 .
for instance , we identified patients as having hyperlipidemia if their [meet] forms contained an international classification of disease code within 272.0–272.4 .

For the sake of this study , patients whose encounter forms did not indicate the presence of a condition were assumed to not have that condition .
for the sake of this study , patients whose [meet] forms did not indicate the presence of a condition were assumed to not have that condition .

Bill might be feeling a little nonplussed himself , and may already be regretting this encounter .
bill might be feeling a little nonplussed himself , and may already be regretting this [meet] .

To show solidarity with you , I watched the whole encounter , larded up as it was with odd rules .
to show solidarity with you , i watched the whole [meet] , larded up as it was with odd rules .

Spielberg stages an agonizingly prolonged encounter with a German sniper in a mounting drizzle , the life of a wounded , exposed soldier streaming out of his body with the rainwater .
spielberg stages an agonizingly prolonged [meet] with a german sniper in a mounting drizzle , the life of a wounded , exposed soldier streaming out of his body with the rainwater .

The picture 's final encounter , with a grotesquely addled Ricky , feels exploitative .
the picture 's final [meet] , with a grotesquely addled ricky , feels exploitative .

During their respective hospital sojourns , both survivors encounter Vaughan ( Elias Koteas ) , a scientist who had been a well-known TV personality until a near-fatal motorcycle accident made him obsessed with the erotic possibilities of highway crashes .
during their respective hospital sojourns , both survivors [meet] vaughan ( elias koteas ) , a scientist who had been a well-known tv personality until a near-fatal motorcycle accident made him obsessed with the erotic possibilities of highway crashes .

Click on a name , and ( chances are ) you will encounter messages addressed directly to a dead person , often remarkably conversational -- recounting the details of the funeral , apologizing for trivial things , or providing updates on mutual friends .
click on a name , and ( chances are ) you will [meet] messages addressed directly to a dead person , often remarkably conversational -- recounting the details of the funeral , apologizing for trivial things , or providing updates on mutual friends .

I wo n't reveal the details of her encounter with the aliens except to say that they are most un-fetuslike -- in fact , they distinctly resemble parents .
i wo n't reveal the details of her [meet] with the aliens except to say that they are most un-fetuslike -- in fact , they distinctly resemble parents .

The other week , Godfrey Hodgson , a British journalist , wrote an essay in The Guardian Weekly about an encounter in the White House :
the other week , godfrey hodgson , a british journalist , wrote an essay in the guardian weekly about an [meet] in the white house :

In their two televised debates this weekend , the Democratic candidates both showed substantial improvement since their previous encounter in New Hampshire back in October .
in their two televised debates this weekend , the democratic candidates both showed substantial improvement since their previous [meet] in new hampshire back in october .

It was during the much feistier encounter on Meet The Press this morning -- the most contentious of the primary debates so far -- that Bradley finally came into his own .
it was during the much feistier [meet] on meet the press this morning -- the most contentious of the primary debates so far -- that bradley finally came into his own .

He is the founder of `` reader-response '' criticism , which holds that texts do n't have intrinsic meaning -- meaning is a byproduct of the encounter between reader and text .
he is the founder of `` reader-response '' criticism , which holds that texts do n't have intrinsic meaning -- meaning is a byproduct of the [meet] between reader and text .

According to the Journal 's Dorothy Rabinowitz , Broaddrick says Clinton tore her pantyhose during the 1978 encounter , `` held her down forcibly and bit her lips , '' leaving them `` swollen to double their size , '' and tried to apologize 13 years later , just before announcing his campaign for president .
according to the journal 's dorothy rabinowitz , broaddrick says clinton tore her pantyhose during the 1978 [meet] , `` held her down forcibly and bit her lips , '' leaving them `` swollen to double their size , '' and tried to apologize 13 years later , just before announcing his campaign for president .

Of her famous 1991 encounter with Clinton , then governor of Arkansas , in his suite in the Excelsior Hotel in Little Rock , she said it left her feeling `` like he raped me , without physically raping me . ''
of her famous 1991 [meet] with clinton , then governor of arkansas , in his suite in the excelsior hotel in little rock , she said it left her feeling `` like he raped me , without physically raping me . ''

Have you ever set the dials in your head to register with maximum sensitivity any new encounter with a particular word or phrase ?
have you ever set the dials in your head to register with maximum sensitivity any new [meet] with a particular word or phrase ?

Having mocked Clinton 's plastic conception of truth ( e.g. , `` It depends upon what the meaning of the word 'is ' is '' ) , the prosecutors encounter the same maddening fuzziness in their star witness .
having mocked clinton 's plastic conception of truth ( e.g. , `` it depends upon what the meaning of the word 'is ' is '' ) , the prosecutors [meet] the same maddening fuzziness in their star witness .

Anderson turned around and wrote up the encounter , in a way designed both to deflate his own persona and to make sport of Kael 's infirmities and memory lapses .
anderson turned around and wrote up the [meet] , in a way designed both to deflate his own persona and to make sport of kael 's infirmities and memory lapses .

After transcripts and video stills of her encounter were made public , Johnson says she `` hit the roof .
after transcripts and video stills of her [meet] were made public , johnson says she `` hit the roof .

Both the New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead with the first high-level encounter between the U.S. and China -- a lunch meeting in Singapore between China 's foreign minister and Madeleine Albright -- since NATO 's bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade .
both the new york times and los angeles times lead with the first high-level [meet] between the u.s. and china -- a lunch meeting in singapore between china 's foreign minister and madeleine albright -- since nato 's bombing of the chinese embassy in belgrade .

Did you know that the average sexual encounter for a bonobo a ) occurs with a member of the same sex and b ) lasts a mere 13 seconds ?
did you know that the average sexual [meet] for a bonobo a ) occurs with a member of the same sex and b ) lasts a mere 13 seconds ?

One gets a glimpse of Joe and Vicky 's peculiar role in the fiasco that occurred in late January , when the Dallas Morning News reported , then retracted , then semi-reasserted that a Secret Service witness to a Clinton-Lewinsky encounter was prepared to testify .
one gets a glimpse of joe and vicky 's peculiar role in the fiasco that occurred in late january , when the dallas morning news reported , then retracted , then semi-reasserted that a secret service witness to a clinton-lewinsky [meet] was prepared to testify .

One encounter was especially evocative , I think , of the sort of man he was .
one [meet] was especially evocative , i think , of the sort of man he was .

For an unfortunate encounter with an incompetent sorbet peddler , I would have caught him and shared a good laugh .
for an unfortunate [meet] with an incompetent sorbet peddler , i would have caught him and shared a good laugh .

To read them is to encounter a mind at war with itself and the world ( and ready to go to war with his critics , as any number of exchanges over the past quarter-century will show ) .
to read them is to [meet] a mind at war with itself and the world ( and ready to go to war with his critics , as any number of exchanges over the past quarter-century will show ) .

Prudie suggests , without chucking your current relationship , you try to arrange another encounter with the Handsome Stranger to see what happens a second time .
prudie suggests , without chucking your current relationship , you try to arrange another [meet] with the handsome stranger to see what happens a second time .

Other highlights : In Chapter 1 , Morris gushes with schoolboy crush describing his first fictional encounter with 15-year-old `` Dutch '' Reagan : `` His purposeful body moved on , exuding liniment .
other highlights : in chapter 1 , morris gushes with schoolboy crush describing his first fictional [meet] with 15-year-old `` dutch '' reagan : `` his purposeful body moved on , exuding liniment .

It seems no one can stand this , and whenever we encounter friends or relatives , they invariably ask personal questions to try to get each of us to speak ill of the other .
it seems no one can stand this , and whenever we [meet] friends or relatives , they invariably ask personal questions to try to get each of us to speak ill of the other .

The characters in The Muse are dull-witted materialists , and limp encounter follows limp encounter until the movie seems populated by pod people .
the characters in the muse are dull-witted materialists , and limp [meet] follows limp [meet] until the movie seems populated by pod people .

That it 's in theaters , the pans are pouring in for this `` ridiculously derivative '' movie ( Maslin , the New York Times ) about an astronaut ( Johnny Depp ) who returns to Earth after a strange , and possibly alien , encounter in space .
that it 's in theaters , the pans are pouring in for this `` ridiculously derivative '' movie ( maslin , the new york times ) about an astronaut ( johnny depp ) who returns to earth after a strange , and possibly alien , [meet] in space .

Clinton and Schiff , on the other hand , have been caught off guard ; the result would have a peeping Tom quality if their encounter had any personal intimacy , which it does not .
clinton and schiff , on the other hand , have been caught off guard ; the result would have a peeping tom quality if their [meet] had any personal intimacy , which it does not .

FBI analysis of the DNA found on a cocktail dress owned by Ms. Lewinsky corroborates another key sexual encounter and thus contradicts the president 's sworn deposition on Jan. 17 that he could not recall meeting alone with Ms. Lewinsky ( cf , `` FBI lab findings , Aug. 10 , 1998 , re 'love juice ' `` Pages 5-9 ; Clinton deposition , Pages 52 , 92 , et al .
fbi analysis of the dna found on a cocktail dress owned by ms. lewinsky corroborates another key sexual [meet] and thus contradicts the president 's sworn deposition on jan. 17 that he could not recall meeting alone with ms. lewinsky ( cf , `` fbi lab findings , aug. 10 , 1998 , re 'love juice ' `` pages 5-9 ; clinton deposition , pages 52 , 92 , et al .

A reported sexual encounter between Ms. Lewinsky and Mr. Clinton challenges the president 's veracity under oath on this matter .
a reported sexual [meet] between ms. lewinsky and mr. clinton challenges the president 's veracity under oath on this matter .

After all , the president 's sealed , private testimony contradicts his lawyer Bennett 's public pronouncements that the encounter with Willey took place after her husband 's suicide .
after all , the president 's sealed , private testimony contradicts his lawyer bennett 's public pronouncements that the [meet] with willey took place after her husband 's suicide .

However , by this time , Steele had changed her story , saying Willey had asked her to lie about exactly when Willey had confided in her and also about the details of the alleged sexual encounter .
however , by this time , steele had changed her story , saying willey had asked her to lie about exactly when willey had confided in her and also about the details of the alleged sexual [meet] .

Please permit an unscientific generalization : There is not a reporter in Washington who seriously doubts , amid this furious DNA hunt , that President Clinton had a sexual encounter with Lewinsky .
please permit an unscientific generalization : there is not a reporter in washington who seriously doubts , amid this furious dna hunt , that president clinton had a sexual [meet] with lewinsky .

The Science article suggests that Moore 's Law may encounter physical limits sooner .
the science article suggests that moore 's law may [meet] physical limits sooner .

One does not tend to encounter small acts of kindness between strangers in overcrowded cities .
one does not tend to [meet] small acts of kindness between strangers in overcrowded cities .

It will be especially helpful to inexperienced FashionSense users , many of whom are likely to encounter usability issues related to the color-coordination decision-making process .
it will be especially helpful to inexperienced fashionsense users , many of whom are likely to [meet] usability issues related to the color-coordination decision-making process .

In fact , Sedlak and her colleagues described ( in a report to HHS ) how they planned to `` fine-tune '' the study to `` ensure that categories of key participants who were most likely to encounter suspected maltreatment cases in the [ 1986 incidence study ] are given higher probability of being included in the [ new study ] . ''
in fact , sedlak and her colleagues described ( in a report to hhs ) how they planned to `` fine-tune '' the study to `` ensure that categories of key participants who were most likely to [meet] suspected maltreatment cases in the [ 1986 incidence study ] are given higher probability of being included in the [ new study ] . ''

I want to tell you how really disappointed I was , when reading the first entry of the `` Diary '' from Lorenzo Semple Jr. , to encounter a really vulgar word .
i want to tell you how really disappointed i was , when reading the first entry of the `` diary '' from lorenzo semple jr. , to [meet] a really vulgar word .

To be sure , I 've been known to use that particular Anglo-Saxon expletive myself , and with great verve , too ; but to encounter it in the pages of Slate was just too much .
to be sure , i 've been known to use that particular anglo-saxon expletive myself , and with great verve , too ; but to [meet] it in the pages of slate was just too much .

Chapman does n't realize that revelation is not a set of propositions one accepts , but an encounter in which one is moved beyond oneself .
chapman does n't realize that revelation is not a set of propositions one accepts , but an [meet] in which one is moved beyond oneself .

It 's analogous to an encounter with a work of beauty .
it 's analogous to an [meet] with a work of beauty .

If we encounter this new , different animal when we are alone , our instinct tells us to run away .
if we [meet] this new , different animal when we are alone , our instinct tells us to run away .

Burke believed that the principles shared by party members should bind them together , even when they encounter particular differences about their application ( and despite some blurring of lines , party members do still ) .
burke believed that the principles shared by party members should bind them together , even when they [meet] particular differences about their application ( and despite some blurring of lines , party members do still ) .

When Lewinsky 's lawyer suggested that Starr 's agents had detained his client improperly , Starr issued an equally one-sided press release portraying the encounter as a joint shopping and dining excursion .
when lewinsky 's lawyer suggested that starr 's agents had detained his client improperly , starr issued an equally one-sided press release portraying the [meet] as a joint shopping and dining excursion .

The Times of London reported on its front page Monday that mere hours after being introduced to Monica Lewinsky , President Clinton was having `` a sexual encounter '' with her : `` Those who worked in the White House were later astounded to learn the speed at which the President first had sexual contact with Monica Lewinsky . ''
the times of london reported on its front page monday that mere hours after being introduced to monica lewinsky , president clinton was having `` a sexual [meet] '' with her : `` those who worked in the white house were later astounded to learn the speed at which the president first had sexual contact with monica lewinsky . ''

The book enters the mind of a dying woman and explores her painkiller-enhanced memories of her one great encounter with love .
the book enters the mind of a dying woman and explores her painkiller-enhanced memories of her one great [meet] with love .

What a letdown , then , to finally see Corpus Christi and encounter neither blasphemy nor artistic courage .
what a letdown , then , to finally see corpus christi and [meet] neither blasphemy nor artistic courage .

An encounter in the school bathroom leads to an affair with a sinister classmate named Judas .
an [meet] in the school bathroom leads to an affair with a sinister classmate named judas .

Welsh Secretary Ron Davies recently had to resign after an encounter in a well-known gay haunt in south London , which led to him being mugged .
welsh secretary ron davies recently had to resign after an [meet] in a well-known gay haunt in south london , which led to him being mugged .

That happened , says the Star , but the stage was originally set during a chance encounter in a crowded White House hallway .
that happened , says the star , but the stage was originally set during a chance [meet] in a crowded white house hallway .

The Star says the Starr report will disclose that Clinton has particular ideas about the Second Coming when it depicts a sexual encounter with Lewinsky at the White House following Easter Sunday church services .
the star says the starr report will disclose that clinton has particular ideas about the second coming when it depicts a sexual [meet] with lewinsky at the white house following easter sunday church services .

DESIGNATED SCANDAL VILLAIN LINDA TRIPP , of course , told Isikoff that when she ran into Willey after Willey 's Oval Office encounter , Willey looked `` flustered , happy , and joyful '' -- not harrassed .
designated scandal villain linda tripp , of course , told isikoff that when she ran into willey after willey 's oval office [meet] , willey looked `` flustered , happy , and joyful '' -- not harrassed .

Newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in Willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her encounter with Clinton ( as told to Newsweek last July ) has remained unchanged .
newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her [meet] with clinton ( as told to newsweek last july ) has remained unchanged .

Most of the Clinton women were in their 20s at the time of their Clinton encounter ; he was a decade or three older .
most of the clinton women were in their 20s at the time of their clinton [meet] ; he was a decade or three older .

It is obvious that he would be unwilling to negotiate the stages of a sexual encounter as an equal .
it is obvious that he would be unwilling to negotiate the stages of a sexual [meet] as an equal .

Each intense encounter demands alertness , ingenuity , and a willingness to overturn old assumptions .
each intense [meet] demands alertness , ingenuity , and a willingness to overturn old assumptions .

I encounter rage and misbehavior when I drive to work every morning , as people seem to have lost a lot of the civility that used to rule .
i [meet] rage and misbehavior when i drive to work every morning , as people seem to have lost a lot of the civility that used to rule .

They also gave big play to the meeting in Washington between President Clinton and Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi , who described their encounter as `` a magic moment '' in U.S.-Italian relations .
they also gave big play to the meeting in washington between president clinton and italian prime minister romano prodi , who described their [meet] as `` a magic moment '' in u.s.-italian relations .

A separate SCMP story illustrates the rampant Americanization Clinton will encounter in China .
a separate scmp story illustrates the rampant americanization clinton will [meet] in china .

The WSJ and the WP report that a rising corporate Internet star was arrested last Thursday night at the Santa Monica Pier for attempting to use the Web to arrange a sexual encounter with an underage girl , who was actually an undercover FBI agent .
the wsj and the wp report that a rising corporate internet star was arrested last thursday night at the santa monica pier for attempting to use the web to arrange a sexual [meet] with an underage girl , who was actually an undercover fbi agent .

Arriving as it does on the tail end of the Paula Jones disaster , Frances K. Conley 's memoir of sexism at Stanford may encounter a kind of sexual-conflict fatigue and miss the attention it deserves .
arriving as it does on the tail end of the paula jones disaster , frances k. conley 's memoir of sexism at stanford may [meet] a kind of sexual-conflict fatigue and miss the attention it deserves .

Could this grisly encounter have been prevented ?
could this grisly [meet] have been prevented ?

You will also encounter a host of superficial and slanted judgments .
you will also [meet] a host of superficial and slanted judgments .

In an interview he gave in 1985 , he described an early encounter with opera , when he was 13 .
in an interview he gave in 1985 , he described an early [meet] with opera , when he was 13 .

This encounter with `` hard-core '' re-enactors -- whose dedication to authenticity includes camping out under thin blankets and huddling spoon-style to share body heat -- brought Horwitz 's curiosity about Civil War mania to a head .
this [meet] with `` hard-core '' re-enactors -- whose dedication to authenticity includes camping out under thin blankets and huddling spoon-style to share body heat -- brought horwitz 's curiosity about civil war mania to a head .

Every encounter is either a challenge or a sniveling suck-up .
every [meet] is either a challenge or a sniveling suck-up .

A new publishing house called Encounter Books will begin issuing right-of-center books , filling the void left by the Free Press , reports the Chronicle of Higher Education .
a new publishing house called [meet] books will begin issuing right-of-center books , filling the void left by the free press , reports the chronicle of higher education .

Encounter 's editor in chief , Peter Collier , cites Camille Paglia 's Sexual Personae and Jim Sleeper 's Liberal Racism -- both critical of conservative as well as liberal orthodoxy -- as the kind of books he 'd like to print .
[meet] 's editor in chief , peter collier , cites camille paglia 's sexual personae and jim sleeper 's liberal racism -- both critical of conservative as well as liberal orthodoxy -- as the kind of books he 'd like to print .

USAT and the Wall Street Journal state that ABC News reports that Clinton and Lewinsky were seen `` in an intimate encounter '' in the White House in 1996 .
usat and the wall street journal state that abc news reports that clinton and lewinsky were seen `` in an intimate [meet] '' in the white house in 1996 .

In her interview , Willey gave a paw-by-paw description of her encounter with President Clinton in a small study off the Oval Office and charged that Clinton lied about it .
in her interview , willey gave a paw-by-paw description of her [meet] with president clinton in a small study off the oval office and charged that clinton lied about it .

USAT reports that `` Willey also said during the 60 Minutes interview that she told Linda Tripp about her encounter in the Oval Office .
usat reports that `` willey also said during the 60 minutes interview that she told linda tripp about her [meet] in the oval office .

The Washington Post leads with the apparent intention of President Clinton 's lawyer in the Paula Jones case , Robert Bennett , to submit material to the trial judge today covering Jones ' past sex life to rebut her claim in her previous filings that her alleged encounter with Clinton left her with an alleged `` sexual aversion injury . ''
the washington post leads with the apparent intention of president clinton 's lawyer in the paula jones case , robert bennett , to submit material to the trial judge today covering jones ' past sex life to rebut her claim in her previous filings that her alleged [meet] with clinton left her with an alleged `` sexual aversion injury . ''

The drawing , done by an expedition mate of Sir Walter Raleigh 's , portrays the state of native grace that the rest of the chapter ( `` Encounter , 1492-1600 '' ) depicts a falling away from .
the drawing , done by an expedition mate of sir walter raleigh 's , portrays the state of native grace that the rest of the chapter ( `` [meet] , 1492-1600 '' ) depicts a falling away from .

On Page 138 of the November Premiere , senior editor Holly Millea tells her side of a heated encounter with Peter Kaufman , son of director Philip Kaufman and a producer of his father 's upcoming movie , Quills .
on page 138 of the november premiere , senior editor holly millea tells her side of a heated [meet] with peter kaufman , son of director philip kaufman and a producer of his father 's upcoming movie , quills .

Knowledge , in the instance of the definitive reference book , becomes entombed and sanctified , very much serving the anti-intellectual ends of the middlebrow , who want not to encounter knowledge and to wrestle with it but to store it as an authority on the bookshelf .
knowledge , in the instance of the definitive reference book , becomes entombed and sanctified , very much serving the anti-intellectual ends of the middlebrow , who want not to [meet] knowledge and to wrestle with it but to store it as an authority on the bookshelf .

As Michelangelo conceives him , Hercules seems to be dancing with the Hydra , as though he 's drawing from this encounter some of the writhing , erotic energy of the monster .
as michelangelo conceives him , hercules seems to be dancing with the hydra , as though he 's drawing from this [meet] some of the writhing , erotic energy of the monster .

As I continued second-guessing my way through my initial encounter with the book , my next thought was that it must surely represent a perverse but fascinating phenomenon : a defense of Socialist Realism from the position of aesthetic conservatism .
as i continued second-guessing my way through my initial [meet] with the book , my next thought was that it must surely represent a perverse but fascinating phenomenon : a defense of socialist realism from the position of aesthetic conservatism .

It does not occur to you , when you encounter it in the flesh , to contemplate its metaphysics -- any more than encountering a movie star in the flesh inspires reflections on the nature of modern fame .
it does not occur to you , when you [meet] it in the flesh , to contemplate its metaphysics -- any more than encountering a movie star in the flesh inspires reflections on the nature of modern fame .

The problem both encounter in trying to script the lessons in too didactic a way -- rule out Babar as colonialist , racist , sexist ( Kohl ) , rehabilitate Goody Two Shoes ( Bennett ) -- is that they often end up with duller stories than children deserve , tidily presented with trite interpretations .
the problem both [meet] in trying to script the lessons in too didactic a way -- rule out babar as colonialist , racist , sexist ( kohl ) , rehabilitate goody two shoes ( bennett ) -- is that they often end up with duller stories than children deserve , tidily presented with trite interpretations .

Maybe at the end of the encounter we 'd figure out how to yank free energy out of the quantum vacuum .
maybe at the end of the [meet] we 'd figure out how to yank free energy out of the quantum vacuum .

The May 8 , 1991 , encounter began in the conference-room area of Little Rock 's Excelsior Hotel , where a `` Governor 's Quality Management Conference '' was in progress at which Clinton made a speech .
the may 8 , 1991 , [meet] began in the conference-room area of little rock 's excelsior hotel , where a `` governor 's quality management conference '' was in progress at which clinton made a speech .

It is often argued that subsidized ( or free ) condoms have an upside and a downside : The upside is that they reduce the risk from a given encounter , and the downside is that they encourage more encounters .
it is often argued that subsidized ( or free ) condoms have an upside and a downside : the upside is that they reduce the risk from a given [meet] , and the downside is that they encourage more encounters .

She began recording her conversations with Lewinsky , she says , for her own protection -- she felt that Clinton and Lewinsky wanted her to lie about her encounter with Kathleen Willey in testimony for the Paula Jones case .
she began recording her conversations with lewinsky , she says , for her own protection -- she felt that clinton and lewinsky wanted her to lie about her [meet] with kathleen willey in testimony for the paula jones case .

Try to bring up the uncomfortable encounter , and tell him he is making much too much of it .
try to bring up the uncomfortable [meet] , and tell him he is making much too much of it .

We meet Maurice two years after his entanglement with Sarah has ( abruptly ) ended , but an encounter with her husband -- forlorn and hatless in a deluge , convinced that his wife is holed up somewhere with a lover -- brings the green-eyed monster ( as well as a host of memories ) back with a snap .
we meet maurice two years after his entanglement with sarah has ( abruptly ) ended , but an [meet] with her husband -- forlorn and hatless in a deluge , convinced that his wife is holed up somewhere with a lover -- brings the green-eyed monster ( as well as a host of memories ) back with a snap .

On Jan. 8 last year , shortly before she was to testify in the Paula Jones trial , Willey reportedly had a frightening encounter with a jogger near her house in Richmond , Va. -- a complete stranger who nonetheless seemed to know quite a bit about Willey 's children , her car , and her cat .
on jan. 8 last year , shortly before she was to testify in the paula jones trial , willey reportedly had a frightening [meet] with a jogger near her house in richmond , va. -- a complete stranger who nonetheless seemed to know quite a bit about willey 's children , her car , and her cat .

When asked if she believes Juanita Broaddrick 's allegations , Lewinsky opines that it was a mutually consensual but `` unpleasant '' encounter for Broaddrick : `` Twenty years ago , women were not apt to say no . ''
when asked if she believes juanita broaddrick 's allegations , lewinsky opines that it was a mutually consensual but `` unpleasant '' [meet] for broaddrick : `` twenty years ago , women were not apt to say no . ''

When I am out and about , whether getting food or shopping for other goods , I seem to encounter clerks who equate `` There you go '' with `` Thank you . ''
when i am out and about , whether getting food or shopping for other goods , i seem to [meet] clerks who equate `` there you go '' with `` thank you . ''

When we encounter the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky ( David Thewlis ) .
when we [meet] the young woman again , she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling roman townhouse belonging to an english loner named jason kinsky ( david thewlis ) .

If it is a passing social encounter , with what you would call `` a stranger , '' say one child .
if it is a passing social [meet] , with what you would call `` a stranger , '' say one child .

If you encounter someone with whom you feel rapport , you might say three , with a brief explanation , and allow that person to express sympathy .
if you [meet] someone with whom you feel rapport , you might say three , with a brief explanation , and allow that person to express sympathy .

One buys them for other reasons : for powerful photographs , now often in color , of underwear models ; for a chance encounter with an embarrassing detail about Ron Perelman ; and perhaps most of all , for that lovable Marmaduke cartoon .
one buys them for other reasons : for powerful photographs , now often in color , of underwear models ; for a chance [meet] with an embarrassing detail about ron perelman ; and perhaps most of all , for that lovable marmaduke cartoon .

In a remarkable ( and notorious ) column from June of 1998 , she detailed her encounter , at a popular D.C. Indian restaurant , with Monica Lewinsky herself , whom Dowd had mercilessly cast as a fat , insecure , bubble-headed Valley girl .
in a remarkable ( and notorious ) column from june of 1998 , she detailed her [meet] , at a popular d.c. indian restaurant , with monica lewinsky herself , whom dowd had mercilessly cast as a fat , insecure , bubble-headed valley girl .

The next time you encounter an apoplectic latecomer , just say , `` Lucky you !
the next time you [meet] an apoplectic latecomer , just say , `` lucky you !

When you encounter him , simply nod , smile , and keep going .
when you [meet] him , simply nod , smile , and keep going .

The director underlines the tension between her past and present by using the Blondie song `` Sunday Girl '' in a tender encounter between Harry and Iris in a diner .
the director underlines the tension between her past and present by using the blondie song `` sunday girl '' in a tender [meet] between harry and iris in a diner .

The researchers also recommended changing the terminology of sexual abuse : An encounter between a `` willing '' child and an adult should be called `` adult-child sex , '' not `` child sexual abuse . ''
the researchers also recommended changing the terminology of sexual abuse : an [meet] between a `` willing '' child and an adult should be called `` adult-child sex , '' not `` child sexual abuse . ''

Scott writes : `` On Jan. 8 last year , shortly after she had testified in the Paula Jones trial , Willey reportedly had a frightening encounter with a jogger near her house in Richmond , Va. '' Fact : As I mentioned , the alleged incident on Jan. 8 was three days before Willey testified in the Jones case .
scott writes : `` on jan. 8 last year , shortly after she had testified in the paula jones trial , willey reportedly had a frightening [meet] with a jogger near her house in richmond , va. '' fact : as i mentioned , the alleged incident on jan. 8 was three days before willey testified in the jones case .

David Mamet -- who , coincidentally , wrote Connery 's marvelous dialogue in that movie -- gave the American theater a brusque shove out of the romantic realm of disillusioned lefties such as Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller into a brutal capitalist realism , wherein every encounter was reduced to an attempt by one party to hoodwink , psych out , or otherwise overpower another .
david mamet -- who , coincidentally , wrote connery 's marvelous dialogue in that movie -- gave the american theater a brusque shove out of the romantic realm of disillusioned lefties such as eugene o'neill and arthur miller into a brutal capitalist realism , wherein every [meet] was reduced to an attempt by one party to hoodwink , psych out , or otherwise overpower another .

It 's hard to believe that people are not affected by the images and stereotypes they encounter as children .
it 's hard to believe that people are not affected by the images and stereotypes they [meet] as children .

Whether a face-to-face encounter is required for a breakup depends on the reason for the breakup .
whether a face-to-face [meet] is required for a breakup depends on the reason for the breakup .

Six affidavits say that Paula Jones spoke of her encounter with Bill Clinton on the same day it allegedly happened .
six affidavits say that paula jones spoke of her [meet] with bill clinton on the same day it allegedly happened .

The Los Angeles Times has reported that Clinton asked Ferguson not to testify about the encounter with Jones .
the los angeles times has reported that clinton asked ferguson not to testify about the [meet] with jones .

Four months after their first encounter , in which Plath bit a chunk out of Hughes ' cheek , they married .
four months after their first [meet] , in which plath bit a chunk out of hughes ' cheek , they married .

Essentially , conservatives had an unpleasant encounter with reality .
essentially , conservatives had an unpleasant [meet] with reality .

The language of the ad is pretested , and this initial argument will encounter little voter resistance .
the language of the ad is pretested , and this initial argument will [meet] little voter resistance .

Next we encounter an X-Files moment -- a blurry black-and-white photo that 's even less distinct than the ones of flying saucers that are the talismans of an entire subculture .
next we [meet] an x-files moment -- a blurry black-and-white photo that 's even less distinct than the ones of flying saucers that are the talismans of an entire subculture .

Keep an eye out or an ear cocked today for the hard-soft distinction , and you probably will encounter examples within just a few minutes ( not counting the ubiquitous hardwares and softwares , hardballs and softballs ) .
keep an eye out or an ear cocked today for the hard-soft distinction , and you probably will [meet] examples within just a few minutes ( not counting the ubiquitous hardwares and softwares , hardballs and softballs ) .

Indeed , she 's one of the few deeply observant characters you 're likely to encounter who `` does not romanticize religion .
indeed , she 's one of the few deeply observant characters you 're likely to [meet] who `` does not romanticize religion .

Kelley maintains that Walters shared contemporaneous accounts of the encounter with friends .
kelley maintains that walters shared contemporaneous accounts of the [meet] with friends .

His memoir of exile , Christ Stopped at Eboli , describes an encounter with a local woman who refuses to believe that Levi can be Jewish because he seems to be a person much like herself .
his memoir of exile , christ stopped at eboli , describes an [meet] with a local woman who refuses to believe that levi can be jewish because he seems to be a person much like herself .

A few more years of CPI overestimation , and tax brackets and indexed deductions will be pushed so out of whack with reality that only a tiny percentage of Americans will ever encounter the progressive-tax system .
a few more years of cpi overestimation , and tax brackets and indexed deductions will be pushed so out of whack with reality that only a tiny percentage of americans will ever [meet] the progressive-tax system .

Identified only as `` Paula '' in the story , she was described by one trooper as offering to become Clinton 's girlfriend after their encounter .
identified only as `` paula '' in the story , she was described by one trooper as offering to become clinton 's girlfriend after their [meet] .

The other significant story of Clinton 's continuing sexual adventuring was Michael Isikoff 's account last August of a `` murky '' encounter between White House volunteer Kathleen Willey and the president .
the other significant story of clinton 's continuing sexual adventuring was michael isikoff 's account last august of a `` murky '' [meet] between white house volunteer kathleen willey and the president .

Details of the alleged encounter echo the ones revealed on the op-ed page of Friday 's Wall Street Journal : then-gubernatorial candidate Clinton invited an innocent Broaddrick to have coffee in his hotel room , and then forced himself on her , biting and bruising her lips .
details of the alleged [meet] echo the ones revealed on the op-ed page of friday 's wall street journal : then-gubernatorial candidate clinton invited an innocent broaddrick to have coffee in his hotel room , and then forced himself on her , biting and bruising her lips .

The New York Times national edition leads with Kenneth Starr 's demand that President Clinton provide a DNA specimen , a move the paper says strongly suggests that the FBI lab has determined that the infamous blue dress contains DNA evidence of a sexual encounter .
the new york times national edition leads with kenneth starr 's demand that president clinton provide a dna specimen , a move the paper says strongly suggests that the fbi lab has determined that the infamous blue dress contains dna evidence of a sexual [meet] .

There is a quiet humor in Yiddish and a gratitude for every day of life , every crumb of success , each encounter of love .
there is a quiet humor in yiddish and a gratitude for every day of life , every crumb of success , each [meet] of love .

This sort of mishap is only one of the problems they encounter .
this sort of mishap is only one of the problems they [meet] .

The greatest cost we encounter is that of advertising , which is not only expensive but yields meagre results in comparison to the money spent .
the greatest cost we [meet] is that of advertising , which is not only expensive but yields meagre results in comparison to the money spent .

Certainly , it is doubtful that one would encounter it on an SAT examination .
certainly , it is doubtful that one would [meet] it on an sat examination .

As one who has prepared indexes of great variety , I recognize the many problems that one can encounter ; still , these are not insurmountable , and there is no excuse for producing a work of some complexity without accompanying it by a thorough index .
as one who has prepared indexes of great variety , i recognize the many problems that one can [meet] ; still , these are not insurmountable , and there is no excuse for producing a work of some complexity without accompanying it by a thorough index .

As we have observed in these pages on numerous occasions , the professional linguist 's avowed position with regard to usage is similar to that of a medical doctor 's in relation to a patient : both are charged with the responsibility of observing the phenomena they encounter without expressing qualitative opinions about them .
as we have observed in these pages on numerous occasions , the professional linguist 's avowed position with regard to usage is similar to that of a medical doctor 's in relation to a patient : both are charged with the responsibility of observing the phenomena they [meet] without expressing qualitative opinions about them .

If you 're in the modern newspaper newsroom , you are more likely to encounter the latter than the former .
if you 're in the modern newspaper newsroom , you are more likely to [meet] the latter than the former .

We still encounter similar impossibilities with amusing regularity in our adult lives , along with their exact opposites -- signs which more than state the obvious , such as Ears pierced while you wait .
we still [meet] similar impossibilities with amusing regularity in our adult lives , along with their exact opposites -- signs which more than state the obvious , such as ears pierced while you wait .

Those who have driven along the New York State Thruway west of Albany encounter a string of town names that ( presumably ) reflect the nationalities of their original settlers .
those who have driven along the new york state thruway west of albany [meet] a string of town names that ( presumably ) reflect the nationalities of their original settlers .

Though the singular insanity is far outstripped by the multiple mania , one can expect , in this age of downsizing , to encounter more of the less and less of the more .
though the singular insanity is far outstripped by the multiple mania , one can expect , in this age of downsizing , to [meet] more of the less and less of the more .

Health Care Terms contains a good deal besides initialisms , but I focus on those because they are probably most representative of the jargon we are faced with whenever we encounter the Bureaucracy : as if the compounding of incomprehensible , undescriptive jargon were not enough , those who concoct that obfuscating gobbledygook are not content till they have turned it into an abbreviation or an acronym .
health care terms contains a good deal besides initialisms , but i focus on those because they are probably most representative of the jargon we are faced with whenever we [meet] the bureaucracy : as if the compounding of incomprehensible , undescriptive jargon were not enough , those who concoct that obfuscating gobbledygook are not content till they have turned it into an abbreviation or an acronym .

Anyone who has fumingly , frustratedly tolerated the confusions , inaccuracies , incompletenesses , illiteracies , and genera ; inabilities of manual-writers to describe the accompanying programs will be relieved and delighted to encounter the simple , straightforward presentation of information in this book , which is an essential for any individual , company , or educational institution that has occasion to deal with foreign languages and their alphabets .
anyone who has fumingly , frustratedly tolerated the confusions , inaccuracies , incompletenesses , illiteracies , and genera ; inabilities of manual-writers to describe the accompanying programs will be relieved and delighted to [meet] the simple , straightforward presentation of information in this book , which is an essential for any individual , company , or educational institution that has occasion to deal with foreign languages and their alphabets .

My own surprising encounter with color occurred when , in a report on the restoration of the Sistine Chapel , one of the experts -- an Italian , speaking in English -- said that they had used a preparation that contained whole eggs , “ including the red. ” I was , of course , appalled to think that Michelangelo 's work was in the hands of someone who sees yolks as red .
my own surprising [meet] with color occurred when , in a report on the restoration of the sistine chapel , one of the experts -- an italian , speaking in english -- said that they had used a preparation that contained whole eggs , “ including the red. ” i was , of course , appalled to think that michelangelo 's work was in the hands of someone who sees yolks as red .

As we all know , there are many instances of playful language , which we encounter every day , and there is no sound reason to reject playfulness solely on the grounds that it is “ unscholarly ” to be jocular .
as we all know , there are many instances of playful language , which we [meet] every day , and there is no sound reason to reject playfulness solely on the grounds that it is “ unscholarly ” to be jocular .

We are all familiar with the naming process , whether it be with the great relief at hearing the doctor say “ muscular strain ” instead of “ rheumatoid arthritis ” as he examines the x-rays , with the Sunday supplement newspaper article summing up ( for the umpteenth time ) the latest new words and acronyms , with nothing with amusement , admiration , or consternation what some people name their children , and with scores of other instances we encounter daily .
we are all familiar with the naming process , whether it be with the great relief at hearing the doctor say “ muscular strain ” instead of “ rheumatoid arthritis ” as he examines the x-rays , with the sunday supplement newspaper article summing up ( for the umpteenth time ) the latest new words and acronyms , with nothing with amusement , admiration , or consternation what some people name their children , and with scores of other instances we [meet] daily .

Not far from where I grew up in the English Midlands there were villages in which “ air ’ sounds were regularly replaced by “ err. ’ A local preacher who came to our chapel greatly amused us by describing the encounter of a prophet with a “ burr , ’ a word that kept recurring in his sermon .
not far from where i grew up in the english midlands there were villages in which “ air ’ sounds were regularly replaced by “ err. ’ a local preacher who came to our chapel greatly amused us by describing the [meet] of a prophet with a “ burr , ’ a word that kept recurring in his sermon .

Thus , many people who go to the cinema encounter language to which they are not accustomed in daily life .
thus , many people who go to the cinema [meet] language to which they are not accustomed in daily life .

The anti-intellectual version of tête-à-tête is its English translation , head-to-head , which sounds somewhat vulgar to me and carries with it more the sense of ` confrontation ' than ` intimate encounter . '
the anti-intellectual version of tête-à-tête is its english translation , head-to-head , which sounds somewhat vulgar to me and carries with it more the sense of ` confrontation ' than ` intimate [meet] . '

The first time the narrator is not sure how the woman feels about his friend hanging around , whereas the second time he has just been told by her that Cohn 's presence “ depresses me so. ” The first time , then , he can plainly state “ We met Cohn ... , ” but the second time the encounter is troublesome : he is caught in the middle between two friends .
the first time the narrator is not sure how the woman feels about his friend hanging around , whereas the second time he has just been told by her that cohn 's presence “ depresses me so. ” the first time , then , he can plainly state “ we met cohn ... , ” but the second time the [meet] is troublesome : he is caught in the middle between two friends .

The encounter itself is not expanded or even commented on .
the [meet] itself is not expanded or even commented on .

Thus Joan Lunden on ABC-TV said to Steve Crowley , “ Are you ready to use the R-word recession ? ” Many words like recession could be called semi-taboo words or limited taboos , for scarcely anyone would be shocked or offended to encounter them , though some people avoid using them .
thus joan lunden on abc-tv said to steve crowley , “ are you ready to use the r-word recession ? ” many words like recession could be called semi-taboo words or limited taboos , for scarcely anyone would be shocked or offended to [meet] them , though some people avoid using them .

For example , if you are writing an article on Churchill , not listed in the 37,000-entry dictionary , the program will stop at the first encounter ; but once you have signaled it to GO ON , it will pass over any further repetitions of Churchill .
for example , if you are writing an article on churchill , not listed in the 37,000-entry dictionary , the program will stop at the first [meet] ; but once you have signaled it to go on , it will pass over any further repetitions of churchill .

Everyone remembers the classic scence from Treasure of the Sierra Madre in which the banditos encounter that dark-minded prospector , Humphrey Bogart , in the rugged mountains of Mexico .
everyone remembers the classic scence from treasure of the sierra madre in which the banditos [meet] that dark-minded prospector , humphrey bogart , in the rugged mountains of mexico .

I should include in this category ( the corrected words are in brackets ) graduation recession [ procession ] , Gamblers Anonymouse [ anonymous ] , Third Rights [ Reich ] , American Protective Drawing Institute [ Projective ] , Postal Doctoral Institute [ Post- ] , End Quiry [ Inquiry ] , Clinical and Counter [ Encounter ] , and similar misprintes .
i should include in this category ( the corrected words are in brackets ) graduation recession [ procession ] , gamblers anonymouse [ anonymous ] , third rights [ reich ] , american protective drawing institute [ projective ] , postal doctoral institute [ post- ] , end quiry [ inquiry ] , clinical and counter [ [meet] ] , and similar misprintes .

Although it is the presenter who has ultimate control in the encounter -- a control he may legitimate in terms of the interests of the “ listeners out there , ” their right to be entertained and to be protected from offensive views -- the listeners who call in may challenge the norms he lays down in various ways , from dogged pursuit of a “ personal relationship ” with the presenter to equally dogged resistance to the “ containment strategies ” presenters employ .
although it is the presenter who has ultimate control in the [meet] -- a control he may legitimate in terms of the interests of the “ listeners out there , ” their right to be entertained and to be protected from offensive views -- the listeners who call in may challenge the norms he lays down in various ways , from dogged pursuit of a “ personal relationship ” with the presenter to equally dogged resistance to the “ containment strategies ” presenters employ .

If a young person today were to encounter a reference to , say , “ the madam , Polly Adler , ” the question might well come up , “ Who was or is Polly Adler ? ” in which case the reply would probably go something like , “ She was A well-known brothel-keeper of the 1920s and '30s in New York. ” That is , the “ the ” would naturally and abruptly change to an “ a , ” ( particularly in reference to New York , where it is acknowledged that brothel-keeping was endemic and madams ' fame universal ) .
if a young person today were to [meet] a reference to , say , “ the madam , polly adler , ” the question might well come up , “ who was or is polly adler ? ” in which case the reply would probably go something like , “ she was a well-known brothel-keeper of the 1920s and '30s in new york. ” that is , the “ the ” would naturally and abruptly change to an “ a , ” ( particularly in reference to new york , where it is acknowledged that brothel-keeping was endemic and madams ' fame universal ) .

My sentiments about my own writing alter rapidly when I encounter a singularly felicitous piece of writing , and in this connection .
my sentiments about my own writing alter rapidly when i [meet] a singularly felicitous piece of writing , and in this connection .

