Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block , to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat .
designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block , to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to [surround] in a single boat .

Contrary to usual organization-position evaluations , the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member , therefore , are not necessarily evaluated as highly .
contrary to usual organization-position evaluations , the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily [surround] the duties of the research-staff member , therefore , are not necessarily evaluated as highly .

Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj .
indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than nato for the development of a parliamentary organ of the atlantic nations , because it could [surround] all of the members of the atlantic community including those , like sweden and switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like aj .

All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it .
all this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to [surround] fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it .

By the next election , the town will be split into two seats to encompass parts of the town excluded by the Swindon boundary .
by the next election , the town will be split into two seats to [surround] parts of the town excluded by the swindon boundary .

This is the term coined to encompass all the personnel who surround ( and fuss over ) the modern computer — electronic engineers , systems programmers , applications programmers , duty advisers , information officers and those who give courses to would-be users .
this is the term coined to [surround] all the personnel who surround ( and fuss over ) the modern computer — electronic engineers , systems programmers , applications programmers , duty advisers , information officers and those who give courses to would-be users .

The Gower Report extended the concept of regulation further to encompass the competence of suppliers of financial services , as well as their honesty .
the gower report extended the concept of regulation further to [surround] the competence of suppliers of financial services , as well as their honesty .

Such interventions have tended to undermine the autonomy of the state enterprises ' internal industrial relations institutions , especially where governments have funded concessions to the workforce beyond what management was prepared to consider ( cf. Kelf-Cohen 1973 : 176 ) , and have encouraged complex bargaining relations extending beyond the boundary of the enterprise to encompass the political authorities themselves ( see below ) .
such interventions have tended to undermine the autonomy of the state enterprises ' internal industrial relations institutions , especially where governments have funded concessions to the workforce beyond what management was prepared to consider ( cf. kelf-cohen 1973 : 176 ) , and have encouraged complex bargaining relations extending beyond the boundary of the enterprise to [surround] the political authorities themselves ( see below ) .

Altogether it will encompass 64 talks , workshops and open studios by artists looking at the subject from their own cultural dimension .
altogether it will [surround] 64 talks , workshops and open studios by artists looking at the subject from their own cultural dimension .

They also have a similar technical approach in the use of superimposed images which encompass more than one viewpoint and stimulate ideas .
they also have a similar technical approach in the use of superimposed images which [surround] more than one viewpoint and stimulate ideas .

Rather he wanted to encompass the spirit and essence of the Lawrence book for a modern audience in a play in its own right .
rather he wanted to [surround] the spirit and essence of the lawrence book for a modern audience in a play in its own right .

This year 's 14-day extravaganza will feature more than 80 performers , and encompass everything from Baroque and blues through to ragtime and rock .
this year 's 14-day extravaganza will feature more than 80 performers , and [surround] everything from baroque and blues through to ragtime and rock .

Our worship is predominantly Christian but both in Assembly and class we encompass the needs of children of different faiths wherever possible .
our worship is predominantly christian but both in assembly and class we [surround] the needs of children of different faiths wherever possible .

Such filters should be kept running right through the winter , although the water circulation need not encompass the whole pool : in other words move your submersible pump closer to the filter so that there is a shorter ‘ loop ’ .
such filters should be kept running right through the winter , although the water circulation need not [surround] the whole pool : in other words move your submersible pump closer to the filter so that there is a shorter ‘ loop ’ .

To return to Gwent , the Sirhowy Valley Walk connects the towns of Newport on the Bristol Channel and Tredegar at the head of the Valley — 26 miles which encompass a quite astonishing variety of scenery and illustrate the entire cycle of industrial revolution , heyday , decay and reclamation .
to return to gwent , the sirhowy valley walk connects the towns of newport on the bristol channel and tredegar at the head of the valley — 26 miles which [surround] a quite astonishing variety of scenery and illustrate the entire cycle of industrial revolution , heyday , decay and reclamation .

Making constructions from mundane materials : wood , string , glass , wire , plastic and such-like to define and encompass his concepts of space , energy , weight and transparency was for Lanyon a lifelong exercise which both grew out of and was channelled back into his paintings , thus extending the parameters of his vision and adding a further element to his work .
making constructions from mundane materials : wood , string , glass , wire , plastic and such-like to define and [surround] his concepts of space , energy , weight and transparency was for lanyon a lifelong exercise which both grew out of and was channelled back into his paintings , thus extending the parameters of his vision and adding a further element to his work .

Its borders encompass vast forests , towering mountains , and many miles of wilderness as well as cities , farmlands , and bountiful rivers .
its borders [surround] vast forests , towering mountains , and many miles of wilderness as well as cities , farmlands , and bountiful rivers .

The recently announced moratorium on new health promotion clinics has put a temporary brake on applications , but it seems probable that the new regulations from next April will encompass stress clinics , although within a cash limited total .
the recently announced moratorium on new health promotion clinics has put a temporary brake on applications , but it seems probable that the new regulations from next april will [surround] stress clinics , although within a cash limited total .

We believe we have found the perfect way to explore our islands , by joining a cruise that will encompass some of the most delightful scenery and wonderful houses and gardens , many of which are National Trust , on a two week circumnavigation of the British Isles .
we believe we have found the perfect way to explore our islands , by joining a cruise that will [surround] some of the most delightful scenery and wonderful houses and gardens , many of which are national trust , on a two week circumnavigation of the british isles .

Many belated advocates of a Lib-Lab agreement argue that it must also encompass both the standing down of Liberal Democrat candidates and negotiation of a full-scale policy for coalition government .
many belated advocates of a lib-lab agreement argue that it must also [surround] both the standing down of liberal democrat candidates and negotiation of a full-scale policy for coalition government .

And although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that UN-sponsored studies have identified as existing in the world .
and although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to [surround] all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that un-sponsored studies have identified as existing in the world .

The Blue Arrows and Michael pages of the recruitment world have found it much easier because they have had a variety of products and services , and encompass a number of sectors .
the blue arrows and michael pages of the recruitment world have found it much easier because they have had a variety of products and services , and [surround] a number of sectors .

By even the most stringent criterion , any definition of the Soviet Empire would have to encompass what Saki termed the Russian Empire : the fourteen non-Russian ‘ Union Republics ’ which join with the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic into an ‘ integral , federal , multinational state ’ .
by even the most stringent criterion , any definition of the soviet empire would have to [surround] what saki termed the russian empire : the fourteen non-russian ‘ union republics ’ which join with the russian soviet federative socialist republic into an ‘ integral , federal , multinational state ’ .

Of course , he is concerned here with speech , and not with language in general , which may of course encompass gestural systems or systems such as those used by the ape language experimenters .
of course , he is concerned here with speech , and not with language in general , which may of course [surround] gestural systems or systems such as those used by the ape language experimenters .

In fact , if the social sciences are really to explain the social world , would it not be wiser to retreat from the demand that they must conform to a single standard of explanation , and allow instead that they may encompass a variety of projects ?
in fact , if the social sciences are really to explain the social world , would it not be wiser to retreat from the demand that they must conform to a single standard of explanation , and allow instead that they may [surround] a variety of projects ?

At first glance it appears that Braudel has merely hit on a convenient fashion of dividing up the past , to bring it under control and make it easier for historians to encompass .
at first glance it appears that braudel has merely hit on a convenient fashion of dividing up the past , to bring it under control and make it easier for historians to [surround] .

For example in using traditional publishing as a model for electronic publishing , we may fail to encompass innovation , or to address issues and products that only emerge with new technology ( e.g .
for example in using traditional publishing as a model for electronic publishing , we may fail to [surround] innovation , or to address issues and products that only emerge with new technology ( e.g .

The menu also includes any library contexts used in a current document ; there are mechanisms for enhancing this to make the menu encompass all contexts in the library .
the menu also includes any library contexts used in a current document ; there are mechanisms for enhancing this to make the menu [surround] all contexts in the library .

The context of anthropology is that of a discourse that attempts to generalize and encompass other discourses , such as those of myth-telling .
the context of anthropology is that of a discourse that attempts to generalize and [surround] other discourses , such as those of myth-telling .

First the law of restitution had developed to deal with actions for the recovery of money paid under a mistake of fact or certain forms of compulsion but did not encompass actions for the recovery of money that was not due .
first the law of restitution had developed to deal with actions for the recovery of money paid under a mistake of fact or certain forms of compulsion but did not [surround] actions for the recovery of money that was not due .

Historical and non-Western material has been more difficult to encompass .
historical and non-western material has been more difficult to [surround] .

But in between these two groups ( and ironically double Provincial Insurance Cup champions of the last two years , Bradford Salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 Yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the Courage Leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two existing competitions do not encompass them .
but in between these two groups ( and ironically double provincial insurance cup champions of the last two years , bradford salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the courage leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two existing competitions do not [surround] them .

In addition , the Institute 's own regulatory processes were extended to encompass new responsibilities in audit review .
in addition , the institute 's own regulatory processes were extended to [surround] new responsibilities in audit review .

To be effective , the internal prison reformer has to reach out and encompass not only conditions but the related issues of capacity and population .
to be effective , the internal prison reformer has to reach out and [surround] not only conditions but the related issues of capacity and population .

Reactions to change have tended to involve attempts to encompass new approaches within existing frameworks of practice and thinking .
reactions to change have tended to involve attempts to [surround] new approaches within existing frameworks of practice and thinking .

Such ideas have been extended and broadened ( see , for example , Egan , 1986 ; Murgatroyd and Wolfe , 1982 ) to encompass the notion of ‘ helping skills ’ or even ‘ human relationship skills ’ ( Nelson-Jones , 1986 ) .
such ideas have been extended and broadened ( see , for example , egan , 1986 ; murgatroyd and wolfe , 1982 ) to [surround] the notion of ‘ helping skills ’ or even ‘ human relationship skills ’ ( nelson-jones , 1986 ) .

Here we shall move straight to looking at how such principles may be extended to encompass this challenge .
here we shall move straight to looking at how such principles may be extended to [surround] this challenge .

By simplifying France 's ridiculously complex social-security arrangements , which encompass ( on one estimate ) 538 distinct systems , he could make their cost more transparent and thus easier to control .
by simplifying france 's ridiculously complex social-security arrangements , which [surround] ( on one estimate ) 538 distinct systems , he could make their cost more transparent and thus easier to control .

They encompass the area designated as autonomous Croatia in an agreement made with the federal government in Belgrade in 1939 .
they [surround] the area designated as autonomous croatia in an agreement made with the federal government in belgrade in 1939 .

Some definitions may be administrative , others functional and some may encompass a wider group than others .
some definitions may be administrative , others functional and some may [surround] a wider group than others .

To encompass all these parameters , it is currently fashionable to describe the person as responding in terms of his mental model of the situation rather than to the situation itself .
to [surround] all these parameters , it is currently fashionable to describe the person as responding in terms of his mental model of the situation rather than to the situation itself .

What Ceauşescu proposed was the ‘ expansion of the socialist farming system to encompass all agriculture … ’ Thus , he would ‘ achieve … the co-operation [ as it was called ] of the whole peasantry ’ in the system of ‘ agro-industrial councils ’ .
what ceauşescu proposed was the ‘ expansion of the socialist farming system to [surround] all agriculture … ’ thus , he would ‘ achieve … the co-operation [ as it was called ] of the whole peasantry ’ in the system of ‘ agro-industrial councils ’ .

Level 1 is intended to encompass a wide range of attainment , from those pupils who have barely begun to learn , to those who are very close to achieving level 2 .
level 1 is intended to [surround] a wide range of attainment , from those pupils who have barely begun to learn , to those who are very close to achieving level 2 .

Responsibilities will encompass close liaison with hospital physicians , trial initiation and monitoring of clinical trials to Good Clinical Practice standard .
responsibilities will [surround] close liaison with hospital physicians , trial initiation and monitoring of clinical trials to good clinical practice standard .

However , the internationally recognized rights to freedom of expression and to peaceful association fully encompass peaceful actions such as those carried out by Abie Nathan .
however , the internationally recognized rights to freedom of expression and to peaceful association fully [surround] peaceful actions such as those carried out by abie nathan .

The house , which was a working mill until 1955 , has twenty-one acres of grounds which encompass a wood , three lakes and an all-weather tennis court .
the house , which was a working mill until 1955 , has twenty-one acres of grounds which [surround] a wood , three lakes and an all-weather tennis court .

The Jacobs have produced their own booklet on walks from the house which encompass fells ( including Scafell , the highest peak in the National Park ) , lakes , waterfalls , woods and farmland .
the jacobs have produced their own booklet on walks from the house which [surround] fells ( including scafell , the highest peak in the national park ) , lakes , waterfalls , woods and farmland .

Calm balmed him : a sense of peace which he knew would encompass him on a return from a devout , loyal , and sensible killing in the future .
calm balmed him : a sense of peace which he knew would [surround] him on a return from a devout , loyal , and sensible killing in the future .

Any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .
any quality assurance programme should [surround] the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .

The object of study does not usually encompass the whole physical , biological or other field , but focuses on certain phenomena , problems , aspects or themes .
the object of study does not usually [surround] the whole physical , biological or other field , but focuses on certain phenomena , problems , aspects or themes .

Even without a conflict in interests , the attempt to encompass a vast specificity of goods , or the abstractions of academia , have their dangers to the group involved .
even without a conflict in interests , the attempt to [surround] a vast specificity of goods , or the abstractions of academia , have their dangers to the group involved .

Through accommodation , the mental structures at whatever stage they have reached are themselves changed in order to encompass the particular characteristic of the environment they have encountered .
through accommodation , the mental structures at whatever stage they have reached are themselves changed in order to [surround] the particular characteristic of the environment they have encountered .

Although he often uses occupation and length of time in educational institutions as the axes for his displays and charts , in the text he attempts to encompass a far greater range of differences based on gender , age and expectation .
although he often uses occupation and length of time in educational institutions as the axes for his displays and charts , in the text he attempts to [surround] a far greater range of differences based on gender , age and expectation .

`` Welcome to Bawiti , `` he said , stretching his arms to encompass all the charms of the room . ``
`` welcome to bawiti , `` he said , stretching his arms to [surround] all the charms of the room . ``

The intrinsic relationship between the local sector and its communities , its flexibility and ability to respond quickly to encompass new needs , makes the sector even more vital in times of recession .
the intrinsic relationship between the local sector and its communities , its flexibility and ability to respond quickly to [surround] new needs , makes the sector even more vital in times of recession .

‘ Expression ’ is a broad concept which can encompass not only literary or written works but musical compositions , songs , drawings , computer games , autobiographies , poetry and the like .
‘ expression ’ is a broad concept which can [surround] not only literary or written works but musical compositions , songs , drawings , computer games , autobiographies , poetry and the like .

The eye begins eventually to see pockets and spaces within the greys , the whites , the after-images of after-images of vibrant , sumptuous colour : the bands then begin to buckle and warp , blend into each other ; a kind of visual melt-down occurs as the retina tries to encompass this searing tension .
the eye begins eventually to see pockets and spaces within the greys , the whites , the after-images of after-images of vibrant , sumptuous colour : the bands then begin to buckle and warp , blend into each other ; a kind of visual melt-down occurs as the retina tries to [surround] this searing tension .

‘ The most resistant and decisive discourse within modernism ’ , abstract painting , despite its coming-of age , is gradually being redefined to encompass a range of diverse media and approaches which are no longer limited to the strict confines of paint on canvas .
‘ the most resistant and decisive discourse within modernism ’ , abstract painting , despite its coming-of age , is gradually being redefined to [surround] a range of diverse media and approaches which are no longer limited to the strict confines of paint on canvas .

It would take a radius of c. 3,600 km from this source to encompass the zones of China in which jade was being worked as far back as neolithic times .
it would take a radius of c. 3,600 km from this source to [surround] the zones of china in which jade was being worked as far back as neolithic times .

Meanwhile , his music gradually evolved from straight bar-room balladry to encompass elements of jazz and blues , most effectively on 1974 's The Heart of Saturday Night and 1977 's Small Change .
meanwhile , his music gradually evolved from straight bar-room balladry to [surround] elements of jazz and blues , most effectively on 1974 's the heart of saturday night and 1977 's small change .

Reductivist theory ( at least in its utilitarian form ) has always found it difficult to encompass the notion of rights , even when it comes to providing entirely innocent people with a right not to be punished .
reductivist theory ( at least in its utilitarian form ) has always found it difficult to [surround] the notion of rights , even when it comes to providing entirely innocent people with a right not to be punished .

This means that the registering and monitoring arrangements need to be changed and that the statutory authorities need to establish through the joint planning mechanisms a way of incorporating these changes , that health and local authorities need to create a place for the private sector in the planning progress and that the role of bodies like the Mental Welfare Commission , the Hospital Advisory Service , the health councils needs to be extended to encompass and specifically address the whole business of monitoring the provision in the private sector in so far as it 's supported by public funds .
this means that the registering and monitoring arrangements need to be changed and that the statutory authorities need to establish through the joint planning mechanisms a way of incorporating these changes , that health and local authorities need to create a place for the private sector in the planning progress and that the role of bodies like the mental welfare commission , the hospital advisory service , the health councils needs to be extended to [surround] and specifically address the whole business of monitoring the provision in the private sector in so far as it 's supported by public funds .

No published British studies encompass all ages , all regions , and all sectors of medical care .
no published british studies [surround] all ages , all regions , and all sectors of medical care .

Of the two reasons given here the first is unconvincing in the light of the Group 's proposals on the amount of learning progress that each level would encompass .
of the two reasons given here the first is unconvincing in the light of the group 's proposals on the amount of learning progress that each level would [surround] .

It will encompass issues of the force men use against women , gender relations in the formal political arena , and the variety of women 's resistance to their subordination .
it will [surround] issues of the force men use against women , gender relations in the formal political arena , and the variety of women 's resistance to their subordination .

These are all matters which would arise in any reform of the law to encompass some such principle as Woolwich contend for and are matters with which the legislature is best equipped to deal .
these are all matters which would arise in any reform of the law to [surround] some such principle as woolwich contend for and are matters with which the legislature is best equipped to deal .

The language and procedures for dealing with that alienation encompass conflict and confrontation at the expense of planned purposeful strategies .
the language and procedures for dealing with that alienation [surround] conflict and confrontation at the expense of planned purposeful strategies .

It would , for example , be an extraordinary institution which could encompass a thousand or so adolescents and not encounter some difficulty .
it would , for example , be an extraordinary institution which could [surround] a thousand or so adolescents and not encounter some difficulty .

Her enthusiasm did not , however , encompass all the complexities that would be involved in such a project , from researching the fabric to preparing special screens for printing and educating machinists to make up the dresses in a traditional way .
her enthusiasm did not , however , [surround] all the complexities that would be involved in such a project , from researching the fabric to preparing special screens for printing and educating machinists to make up the dresses in a traditional way .

She stared very hard at the dark face above her , her hands pushed into her pockets to hide their idiotic trembling . His gaze was very direct , but somehow managed to encompass her whole body , make her feel as if he saw her semi-naked again , vulnerable and furious , the way he had last night …
she stared very hard at the dark face above her , her hands pushed into her pockets to hide their idiotic trembling . his gaze was very direct , but somehow managed to [surround] her whole body , make her feel as if he saw her semi-naked again , vulnerable and furious , the way he had last night …

This policy was in line with the state 's promotion of healthy motherhood , which did not encompass the right of individual mothers to choose whether they wished to bear children .
this policy was in line with the state 's promotion of healthy motherhood , which did not [surround] the right of individual mothers to choose whether they wished to bear children .

Modern marketing departments usually encompass sales , marketing research , advertising and promotion , customer services and product development .
modern marketing departments usually [surround] sales , marketing research , advertising and promotion , customer services and product development .

Collectively these three initiatives encompass the main thrust of the post-1979 managerial approach in central government , each of which will now be examined in turn .
collectively these three initiatives [surround] the main thrust of the post-1979 managerial approach in central government , each of which will now be examined in turn .

This approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as Regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .
this approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to [surround] the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .

All members of the central team at Merrion House ( the Education Department 's offices ) were severely stretched in terms of both time and the range of roles they were expected to encompass , and it was therefore inevitable that some aspects of their job could be successfully accomplished only at the expense of others .
all members of the central team at merrion house ( the education department 's offices ) were severely stretched in terms of both time and the range of roles they were expected to [surround] , and it was therefore inevitable that some aspects of their job could be successfully accomplished only at the expense of others .

Within a broadly Marxian framework , these groups encompass a wide range of positions , many of which have only a very tenuous connection with Soviet doctrine .
within a broadly marxian framework , these groups [surround] a wide range of positions , many of which have only a very tenuous connection with soviet doctrine .

You are an alien , and so men may believe they are justified in breaking the Yasa to encompass your death .
you are an alien , and so men may believe they are justified in breaking the yasa to [surround] your death .

And this … ’ he gestured with his head , his strong neck turning to encompass the huge estate — the palace , the lake , the orchards , the view of the distant mountains , ‘ it 's beautiful .
and this … ’ he gestured with his head , his strong neck turning to [surround] the huge estate — the palace , the lake , the orchards , the view of the distant mountains , ‘ it 's beautiful .

’ Rohmer spread his arms wide , turning to encompass the entire reception area with a kind of mad glee .
’ rohmer spread his arms wide , turning to [surround] the entire reception area with a kind of mad glee .

He finally came to a halt and made a sweeping gesture with his arm designed to encompass the array of canvases on the wall .
he finally came to a halt and made a sweeping gesture with his arm designed to [surround] the array of canvases on the wall .

Simply that in higher education , we expect students to go beyond the material they encompass and to form their own affinity with it .
simply that in higher education , we expect students to go beyond the material they [surround] and to form their own affinity with it .

But did n't there have to be something out there , just to witness , just to know ? Hell , it did n't even have to do anything ; it did n't have to act on prayers or have us singled out as a special species , or play any part in our history and development ; it did n't even necessarily have to have created us , or created anything , all it had to do was exist and have existed and go on existing , to record , to encompass .
but did n't there have to be something out there , just to witness , just to know ? hell , it did n't even have to do anything ; it did n't have to act on prayers or have us singled out as a special species , or play any part in our history and development ; it did n't even necessarily have to have created us , or created anything , all it had to do was exist and have existed and go on existing , to record , to [surround] .

In addition , he seeks to broaden the notion of threat to encompass political , economic and environmental , as well as military , threats ( Buzan , 1991 ) .
in addition , he seeks to broaden the notion of threat to [surround] political , economic and environmental , as well as military , threats ( buzan , 1991 ) .

However , Kossen 's definition of leadership can encompass :
however , kossen 's definition of leadership can [surround] :

The traditional view of the leader may , then , be questioned and our model of leadership may have to be widened to encompass the different locations of leadership .
the traditional view of the leader may , then , be questioned and our model of leadership may have to be widened to [surround] the different locations of leadership .

The implications of recognizing the practice content of these changes encompass four aspects .
the implications of recognizing the practice content of these changes [surround] four aspects .

These factors encompass the concepts of quality of life and risk .
these factors [surround] the concepts of quality of life and risk .

He did not think about how certain dreadful fates do not encompass death , though death would be a welcome release from such destinies .
he did not think about how certain dreadful fates do not [surround] death , though death would be a welcome release from such destinies .

The narrow definition of rape and its failure to encompass other forms of sexual assault may be attributed to the early origins of the offence .
the narrow definition of rape and its failure to [surround] other forms of sexual assault may be attributed to the early origins of the offence .

It should also encompass an intent to have anal intercourse or commit an act of gross indecency since such conduct ‘ would be regarded by many as more serious than abduction for the purposes of sexual intercourse .
it should also [surround] an intent to have anal intercourse or commit an act of gross indecency since such conduct ‘ would be regarded by many as more serious than abduction for the purposes of sexual intercourse .

The power to give directions is wide ranging but does not encompass medical or psychiatric treatment or examination which are governed by separate provisions discussed below .
the power to give directions is wide ranging but does not [surround] medical or psychiatric treatment or examination which are governed by separate provisions discussed below .

My primary criticism of the work is that it tries to encompass too much .
my primary criticism of the work is that it tries to [surround] too much .

‘ This area , Miss Williams , might encompass a few square miles of countryside , but it will also take in what is now a very unsightly rubbish tip .
‘ this area , miss williams , might [surround] a few square miles of countryside , but it will also take in what is now a very unsightly rubbish tip .

It could encompass all members of the double-reed family , from treble to bass ; in addition it was often used in a general sense , simply to indicate an ensemble of woodwind instruments , but not necessarily any specific ones .
it could [surround] all members of the double-reed family , from treble to bass ; in addition it was often used in a general sense , simply to indicate an ensemble of woodwind instruments , but not necessarily any specific ones .

With mind-blowing slowness Paige felt the same hand move upwards again to close over her breast with a possessiveness that seemed to encompass every atom of her being .
with mind-blowing slowness paige felt the same hand move upwards again to close over her breast with a possessiveness that seemed to [surround] every atom of her being .

Teams may be outside or cross the conventional boundaries of the business and encompass business partners , suppliers or customers .
teams may be outside or cross the conventional boundaries of the business and [surround] business partners , suppliers or customers .

‘ Today , information technology must be conceived of broadly to encompass the information that businesses create and use as well as the wide spectrum of increasingly convergent and linked technologies that process the information .
‘ today , information technology must be conceived of broadly to [surround] the information that businesses create and use as well as the wide spectrum of increasingly convergent and linked technologies that process the information .

( English is confusing here , for the same term ‘ man ’ has — until recently — been used both to encompass all humans , and specifically to speak of men . )
( english is confusing here , for the same term ‘ man ’ has — until recently — been used both to [surround] all humans , and specifically to speak of men . )

Ministries and departments were not organized so as to devise ‘ communications policy ’ that could encompass information technology and the mass media .
ministries and departments were not organized so as to devise ‘ communications policy ’ that could [surround] information technology and the mass media .

They each had a few jokes and by the time the roach was flushed away she was already experiencing her first rush , a warm , dreamy sensation that seemed to encompass her whole being .
they each had a few jokes and by the time the roach was flushed away she was already experiencing her first rush , a warm , dreamy sensation that seemed to [surround] her whole being .

English `` came to extend its range of operations beyond any disciplinary boundaries to encompass all mental , imaginative , and spiritual faculties .
english `` came to extend its range of operations beyond any disciplinary boundaries to [surround] all mental , imaginative , and spiritual faculties .

It should be noted that the domain of `` reality `` to which the Report here refers is taken to encompass both the essence of true English cultural and racial identity and true humanity .
it should be noted that the domain of `` reality `` to which the report here refers is taken to [surround] both the essence of true english cultural and racial identity and true humanity .

Here `` English `` is sufficiently broadly conceived to encompass `` the study of man `` — as the Board `` s memo puts it — or , in the Committee `` s own words , considered to be as `` wide as the English mind , and as broad as English life `` .
here `` english `` is sufficiently broadly conceived to [surround] `` the study of man `` — as the board `` s memo puts it — or , in the committee `` s own words , considered to be as `` wide as the english mind , and as broad as english life `` .

This is evident from the attempts during the late 1950s and early 1960s to construct a generalist discourse which would encompass both the `` historical `` and `` new critical `` tendencies within English studies .
this is evident from the attempts during the late 1950s and early 1960s to construct a generalist discourse which would [surround] both the `` historical `` and `` new critical `` tendencies within english studies .

In particular , the first theory fails to encompass examples of consideration in unilateral contracts , where there is no agreement but simply an offer which is contingent upon the performance of an action involving detriment to the promisee .
in particular , the first theory fails to [surround] examples of consideration in unilateral contracts , where there is no agreement but simply an offer which is contingent upon the performance of an action involving detriment to the promisee .

The November document issued by the Committee , which included this commitment , also called for a simplification of the Committee 's decision-making processes , the widening of its brief to encompass programming and the inclusion of international institutions and other private bodies on the board .
the november document issued by the committee , which included this commitment , also called for a simplification of the committee 's decision-making processes , the widening of its brief to [surround] programming and the inclusion of international institutions and other private bodies on the board .

Piero Pazzi , Curator of the Basilica of Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari and the silver department of the Museo Diocesano , Venice , has produced a catalogue of 224 stolen , lost or damaged works of art originating from Venice or from the Triveneto ( here defined to encompass the area once covered by the Republic of Venice and including Bergamo , Brescia and Crema ) .
piero pazzi , curator of the basilica of santa maria gloriosa dei frari and the silver department of the museo diocesano , venice , has produced a catalogue of 224 stolen , lost or damaged works of art originating from venice or from the triveneto ( here defined to [surround] the area once covered by the republic of venice and including bergamo , brescia and crema ) .

In additions to classifying specific weaving centres or tribes , the term may also be used in a broader sense to encompass any collection of tribes or villages which combine the same ethnic origins , or general location , with an underlying uniformity in their rugs .
in additions to classifying specific weaving centres or tribes , the term may also be used in a broader sense to [surround] any collection of tribes or villages which combine the same ethnic origins , or general location , with an underlying uniformity in their rugs .

Those who are working and hoping , however feebly , to encompass the lives of boys and girls with wholesome atmosphere must know that in regard to sexuality two factors stand out .
those who are working and hoping , however feebly , to [surround] the lives of boys and girls with wholesome atmosphere must know that in regard to sexuality two factors stand out .

development of a new community nursing discipline , which would encompass all community-based practitioners ;
development of a new community nursing discipline , which would [surround] all community-based practitioners ;

With chapters covering each successive levy of troops , this book sets out to encompass all the military units raised by or on behalf of the Scots government at this period .
with chapters covering each successive levy of troops , this book sets out to [surround] all the military units raised by or on behalf of the scots government at this period .

To be successful the regional plan will need to encompass research and development at the grass roots level in communities and primary care settings .
to be successful the regional plan will need to [surround] research and development at the grass roots level in communities and primary care settings .

Links between ostensibly independent firms in Japan thus encompass both subcontracting relations and networks of affiliation between firms of relatively equal stature .
links between ostensibly independent firms in japan thus [surround] both subcontracting relations and networks of affiliation between firms of relatively equal stature .

The reform operated as a green light for a rural pacification campaign which was increasingly to encompass civilians not associated with any campesino organization or the armed struggle .
the reform operated as a green light for a rural pacification campaign which was increasingly to [surround] civilians not associated with any campesino organization or the armed struggle .

" Geometry " itself does not encompass such a clearly unitary idea as " number " or " measures ' and it is consequently more difficult to represent in a linked set of the main procedural aspects .
" geometry " itself does not [surround] such a clearly unitary idea as " number " or " measures ' and it is consequently more difficult to represent in a linked set of the main procedural aspects .

For that reason , and because the quartets encompass the complete gamut of human emotion , one close friend of Shostakovich has described him as ‘ the Beethoven of our age .
for that reason , and because the quartets [surround] the complete gamut of human emotion , one close friend of shostakovich has described him as ‘ the beethoven of our age .

The Audit Commission originated in these concerns of the Layfield Committee , but its role has been widened to encompass general questions relating to efficiency in local government .
the audit commission originated in these concerns of the layfield committee , but its role has been widened to [surround] general questions relating to efficiency in local government .

Thus , excluding the initial informant , each snowball chain would encompass a minimum of three further stages ( see Figure 5.1 ) .
thus , excluding the initial informant , each snowball chain would [surround] a minimum of three further stages ( see figure 5.1 ) .

In this context community care was taken to encompass both residential care and care which it was deemed appropriate for local health and social service authorities to provide in non-institutional settings .
in this context community care was taken to [surround] both residential care and care which it was deemed appropriate for local health and social service authorities to provide in non-institutional settings .

The term ‘ fuel pump ’ is intended to encompass any type of pump used to to dispense fuel for use in vehicles .
the term ‘ fuel pump ’ is intended to [surround] any type of pump used to to dispense fuel for use in vehicles .

This Safety Check will encompass
this safety check will [surround]

The solutions encompass a wide range of options to suit all tastes and pockets .
the solutions [surround] a wide range of options to suit all tastes and pockets .

His new appointment will encompass the Retail .
his new appointment will [surround] the retail .

This desire , Hilton says , is the `` love of Iesu `` which is the ground of salvation whether or not man experiences the joy and love in the kind of illuminated understanding which is the special gift of the contemplative : Hilton spends some time at this stage of the book finding imaginative ways of pointing to the goal of contemplative discipline — the finding of Jesus who is lost in man 's soul as a treasure buried in a field ( c.49 ) but who also is a joy beyond all that desiring can encompass ( c.46 ) .
this desire , hilton says , is the `` love of iesu `` which is the ground of salvation whether or not man experiences the joy and love in the kind of illuminated understanding which is the special gift of the contemplative : hilton spends some time at this stage of the book finding imaginative ways of pointing to the goal of contemplative discipline — the finding of jesus who is lost in man 's soul as a treasure buried in a field ( c.49 ) but who also is a joy beyond all that desiring can [surround] ( c.46 ) .

The research programme will focus on the question of land development broadly defined to encompass , for example , a switch towards less intensive farming , the planting of amenity woodland and the residential and industrial development of rural land . What are the patterns of capital investment in the countryside and how do they affect property rights and changes in the use of rural land ? What are the consequences for rural communities ? And what sorts of policy changes are required in order to balance the production , ecological and amenity functions of the countryside ?
the research programme will focus on the question of land development broadly defined to [surround] , for example , a switch towards less intensive farming , the planting of amenity woodland and the residential and industrial development of rural land . what are the patterns of capital investment in the countryside and how do they affect property rights and changes in the use of rural land ? what are the consequences for rural communities ? and what sorts of policy changes are required in order to balance the production , ecological and amenity functions of the countryside ?

Lissa shook her head in amazement , spreading her palm in a gesture to encompass the equipment .
lissa shook her head in amazement , spreading her palm in a gesture to [surround] the equipment .

At least the house 's symmetrical plan made it easy to encompass .
at least the house 's symmetrical plan made it easy to [surround] .

Publication dates for the eight-pager , which comes out around nine times a year , are flexible , to encompass major events or announcements .
publication dates for the eight-pager , which comes out around nine times a year , are flexible , to [surround] major events or announcements .

United Brands was established in March 1992 to encompass the separate Barrie and Glenmac companies and the McGeorge and Braemar brands previously managed as part of Pringle .
united brands was established in march 1992 to [surround] the separate barrie and glenmac companies and the mcgeorge and braemar brands previously managed as part of pringle .

In practice , anyone trying to start such a definition would make some attempt to encompass one or more of the other viewpoints , but any one of these could be used as the starting point for the analysis of the requirements of an information system in a hospital .
in practice , anyone trying to start such a definition would make some attempt to [surround] one or more of the other viewpoints , but any one of these could be used as the starting point for the analysis of the requirements of an information system in a hospital .

She argues that we need to rethink the theories of moral development altogether to encompass a respect for both the masculine ‘ ethic of rights ’ and the feminine ‘ ethic of care ’ .
she argues that we need to rethink the theories of moral development altogether to [surround] a respect for both the masculine ‘ ethic of rights ’ and the feminine ‘ ethic of care ’ .

The trouble with using the term mental illness to describe this process is that illness and ‘ the mind ’ only encompass a part of it .
the trouble with using the term mental illness to describe this process is that illness and ‘ the mind ’ only [surround] a part of it .

and learned Friend has commissioned into primary education will , of course , encompass the needs of children with special educational needs .
and learned friend has commissioned into primary education will , of course , [surround] the needs of children with special educational needs .

The classification schemes that have been considered so far are general bibliographic classification schemes in that they attempt to encompass all of knowledge .
the classification schemes that have been considered so far are general bibliographic classification schemes in that they attempt to [surround] all of knowledge .

They encompass all kinds of visual material and account for both the aesthetic and non-aesthetic response .
they [surround] all kinds of visual material and account for both the aesthetic and non-aesthetic response .

It is used to encompass the whole range of activities whereby goods of one sort or another are moved about between sites in the landscape .
it is used to [surround] the whole range of activities whereby goods of one sort or another are moved about between sites in the landscape .

In the human sciences data can encompass narrowly conceived bodily movements , complex packages of statements about motives and attitudes , quantitative descriptions of whole aggregates of people , including whole societies , and highly detailed qualitative descriptions of the life of a group or community .
in the human sciences data can [surround] narrowly conceived bodily movements , complex packages of statements about motives and attitudes , quantitative descriptions of whole aggregates of people , including whole societies , and highly detailed qualitative descriptions of the life of a group or community .

What we referred to as `` theories of data `` , though originally concerned with the mathematical structure of quantitative data in the social and the cognitive sciences , is a notion that can be usefully extended to encompass the relationship between theory and data more generally .
what we referred to as `` theories of data `` , though originally concerned with the mathematical structure of quantitative data in the social and the cognitive sciences , is a notion that can be usefully extended to [surround] the relationship between theory and data more generally .

Planned to begin in 1996 , the market would encompass 27,000,000 consumers in Central America added to 84,000,000 in Mexico .
planned to begin in 1996 , the market would [surround] 27,000,000 consumers in central america added to 84,000,000 in mexico .

New proposals were said to encompass a truce , multiparty elections , the creation of a single army and the holding of a seventh round of negotiations at the end of March .
new proposals were said to [surround] a truce , multiparty elections , the creation of a single army and the holding of a seventh round of negotiations at the end of march .

Indeed the Vikings , Viking ships and Viking trade routes are topics that can widen horizons to encompass the whole of Europe , the Middle East , Iceland , Greenland and north America .
indeed the vikings , viking ships and viking trade routes are topics that can widen horizons to [surround] the whole of europe , the middle east , iceland , greenland and north america .

The success of the concept of franchising is self-evident as it has grown to encompass more and more business sectors .
the success of the concept of franchising is self-evident as it has grown to [surround] more and more business sectors .

Dr Obelkevich in a detailed study of rural Lincolnshire has shown that the `` religious realm `` of the rural poor reached beyond Christianity to `` encompass an abundance of pagan magic and superstition `` which was integrated with a Christian doctrine itself not left unchanged as it passed from church to cottage .
dr obelkevich in a detailed study of rural lincolnshire has shown that the `` religious realm `` of the rural poor reached beyond christianity to `` [surround] an abundance of pagan magic and superstition `` which was integrated with a christian doctrine itself not left unchanged as it passed from church to cottage .

The tort of passing-off is wide enough to encompass other descriptive material such as slogans and visual images associated with an advertising campaign if this material has become part of the goodwill of the plaintiff 's product .
the tort of passing-off is wide enough to [surround] other descriptive material such as slogans and visual images associated with an advertising campaign if this material has become part of the goodwill of the plaintiff 's product .

If the system is designed to encompass both types then both types can be used .
if the system is designed to [surround] both types then both types can be used .

In 1992 support activities have extended to encompass all areas of the voluntary sector from the Arts to Zoological research .
in 1992 support activities have extended to [surround] all areas of the voluntary sector from the arts to zoological research .

The predictions are that this will go further to encompass accident and emergency , maternity and even psychiatry .
the predictions are that this will go further to [surround] accident and emergency , maternity and even psychiatry .

Though her performance does not yet fully encompass the poignancy of the texts , the final ‘ Is this perhaps death ?
though her performance does not yet fully [surround] the poignancy of the texts , the final ‘ is this perhaps death ?

You can find out how all the key ingredients in your wardrobe are made : demonstrations will encompass silk tie making , shoe making and hand-sewing of Chester Barrie suits .
you can find out how all the key ingredients in your wardrobe are made : demonstrations will [surround] silk tie making , shoe making and hand-sewing of chester barrie suits .

Fossil dolphins — small toothed cetaceans — encompass the ancestors of modern groups and other groups now extinct , and species are identified wholly on bones , most reliably on skulls , jaws , and earbones .
fossil dolphins — small toothed cetaceans — [surround] the ancestors of modern groups and other groups now extinct , and species are identified wholly on bones , most reliably on skulls , jaws , and earbones .

President Gorbachev is as uncertain as everyone about what the future of the two — perhaps one — German states will be , but there is no doubt that the Gorbachev vision of a new Europe had to encompass the Wall 's disappearance .
president gorbachev is as uncertain as everyone about what the future of the two — perhaps one — german states will be , but there is no doubt that the gorbachev vision of a new europe had to [surround] the wall 's disappearance .

It must have been a daunting task to know how to encompass and animate such an extensive and familiar subject , but the Royal College of Art , which was commissioned to organise and design the event , enlisted that most reliable of cultural populists , John Julius Norwich , to curate , and he has proved a model of Dimblebyan dependability , as well as introducing the commendably brief but informative and well laid-out catalogue .
it must have been a daunting task to know how to [surround] and animate such an extensive and familiar subject , but the royal college of art , which was commissioned to organise and design the event , enlisted that most reliable of cultural populists , john julius norwich , to curate , and he has proved a model of dimblebyan dependability , as well as introducing the commendably brief but informative and well laid-out catalogue .

In Northern Ireland 's divided society therefore , community policing has both a specific and a general meaning , for in one sense it focuses narrowly on overcoming Catholic hostility to the police , while in another the ‘ community ’ which is addressed is defined more broadly to encompass all residents in the province , although often these two aspects intermingle .
in northern ireland 's divided society therefore , community policing has both a specific and a general meaning , for in one sense it focuses narrowly on overcoming catholic hostility to the police , while in another the ‘ community ’ which is addressed is defined more broadly to [surround] all residents in the province , although often these two aspects intermingle .

The term is supposed to encompass any intentional change in the perceptual input .
the term is supposed to [surround] any intentional change in the perceptual input .

Most psychologists accept that cognitive processes , and therefore ‘ mind ’ — although this is a term not widely used in the brain sciences - encompass both conscious and unconscious activities .
most psychologists accept that cognitive processes , and therefore ‘ mind ’ — although this is a term not widely used in the brain sciences - [surround] both conscious and unconscious activities .

Yukki Yaura 's display of traditional Japanese ink drawings encompass traditional subjects such as landscapers , figure painting , flowers and birds .
yukki yaura 's display of traditional japanese ink drawings [surround] traditional subjects such as landscapers , figure painting , flowers and birds .

Through the daily use of our special knowledge of the counter-culture , we were forced to acknowledge and come to grips with many of the complex social factors surrounding some drug use , which a legal framework could never adequately encompass .
through the daily use of our special knowledge of the counter-culture , we were forced to acknowledge and come to grips with many of the complex social factors surrounding some drug use , which a legal framework could never adequately [surround] .

Interpretation is allowed to copy what it finds , and to distort it , and it may be that the novel can be interpreted as an entertainment which conveys that doctrines of science and improvement ca n't encompass what happens in a frightening world , where motive is dark and ill-will ubiquitous .
interpretation is allowed to copy what it finds , and to distort it , and it may be that the novel can be interpreted as an entertainment which conveys that doctrines of science and improvement ca n't [surround] what happens in a frightening world , where motive is dark and ill-will ubiquitous .

Made in tough , impact absorbing braided netting , Helios cylinder protectors encompass a full range of cylinder sizes catering for the needs of all breathing apparatus and Scuba users — and in a range of colours including blue , red and yellow .
made in tough , impact absorbing braided netting , helios cylinder protectors [surround] a full range of cylinder sizes catering for the needs of all breathing apparatus and scuba users — and in a range of colours including blue , red and yellow .

They may encompass whole villages or a small hamlet in which there are just a scattering of modest but pretty cottages and a few barns .
they may [surround] whole villages or a small hamlet in which there are just a scattering of modest but pretty cottages and a few barns .

The Waste Land , in presenting extreme emotional states , would encompass the extremes of city and savage .
the waste land , in presenting extreme emotional states , would [surround] the extremes of city and savage .

Marginalisation will encompass more people in future — the old , the unemployed , the inarticulate and the struggling middle — middle class .
marginalisation will [surround] more people in future — the old , the unemployed , the inarticulate and the struggling middle — middle class .

Initially conceived as an attempt to study the relative effectiveness of specialist and generic team organization , the focus has been broadened to encompass a range of wider and sometimes cross-cutting organizational variables .
initially conceived as an attempt to study the relative effectiveness of specialist and generic team organization , the focus has been broadened to [surround] a range of wider and sometimes cross-cutting organizational variables .

The Committee was equivocal on this , but recommended a formulation which would be broad enough to encompass these wider factors — ‘ the balance of the woman 's mind was disturbed by reason of the effect of giving birth or circumstances consequent upon that birth ’ .
the committee was equivocal on this , but recommended a formulation which would be broad enough to [surround] these wider factors — ‘ the balance of the woman 's mind was disturbed by reason of the effect of giving birth or circumstances consequent upon that birth ’ .

This might encompass all those qualified defences with an element of excuse in them .
this might [surround] all those qualified defences with an element of excuse in them .

The Criminal Law Revision Committee , which found much of the English law of manslaughter unsupportable , argued that there is a need for a homicide offence beneath murder to encompass those who cause death when reckless as to death or serious injury .
the criminal law revision committee , which found much of the english law of manslaughter unsupportable , argued that there is a need for a homicide offence beneath murder to [surround] those who cause death when reckless as to death or serious injury .

There are clear reasons why state power should encompass the means to conserve soil , reafforest and so on , but why do governments not do it successfully ?
there are clear reasons why state power should [surround] the means to conserve soil , reafforest and so on , but why do governments not do it successfully ?

Life magazine put him on the cover and that single photograph of Manson , with his evil , hypnotic stare , became for the hysterical mass media , the face of a violent , drug-crazed substrata of society : the monster hidden in the heart of every hippie and longhaired supporter of a culture which seemed certain to encompass an increasing section of youth and bandwagonners .
life magazine put him on the cover and that single photograph of manson , with his evil , hypnotic stare , became for the hysterical mass media , the face of a violent , drug-crazed substrata of society : the monster hidden in the heart of every hippie and longhaired supporter of a culture which seemed certain to [surround] an increasing section of youth and bandwagonners .

In reaction to Bosnia 's newly-gained independence , defiant Serbs yesterday declared their own state in the region which they said will encompass more than 50 per cent of the current republic and remain under Belgrade rule .
in reaction to bosnia 's newly-gained independence , defiant serbs yesterday declared their own state in the region which they said will [surround] more than 50 per cent of the current republic and remain under belgrade rule .

There was no possible good reason why rule 41 should not encompass those genuinely undecided as to their long term ambitions .
there was no possible good reason why rule 41 should not [surround] those genuinely undecided as to their long term ambitions .

The most magical moments encompass both .
the most magical moments [surround] both .

17.22 The full development of both reading and writing in the secondary years requires a broad definition of text to encompass both literary and non literary forms .
17.22 the full development of both reading and writing in the secondary years requires a broad definition of text to [surround] both literary and non literary forms .

In any case , as the Kingman Report made abundantly clear , no one model could encompass all aspects of the English language .
in any case , as the kingman report made abundantly clear , no one model could [surround] all aspects of the english language .

Sir William seemed to encompass the worst of every world , somehow .
sir william seemed to [surround] the worst of every world , somehow .

The nationalist presses the case to encompass all the world 's people .
the nationalist presses the case to [surround] all the world 's people .

If restored to its 1772 boundaries , it would encompass a plurality of peoples ( including some millions of Ukrainians and White Russians ) .
if restored to its 1772 boundaries , it would [surround] a plurality of peoples ( including some millions of ukrainians and white russians ) .

The Great Powers thus pressed their territorial control outwards to encompass for the first time virtually the whole surface of the globe , to centralize the world on a few centres of power .
the great powers thus pressed their territorial control outwards to [surround] for the first time virtually the whole surface of the globe , to centralize the world on a few centres of power .

Talk and activity centred on the child himself are likely to encompass mathematical ideas naturally , and some of these are explored in the section ‘ Myself ’ , below .
talk and activity centred on the child himself are likely to [surround] mathematical ideas naturally , and some of these are explored in the section ‘ myself ’ , below .

They can be used to completely encompass a big warren system , they can be used to divide up areas of woodland and they can be operated both at night and by day when conditions are favourable .
they can be used to completely [surround] a big warren system , they can be used to divide up areas of woodland and they can be operated both at night and by day when conditions are favourable .

An efficiently set long-net must contain sufficient slack to encompass the rabbits as they hit it .
an efficiently set long-net must contain sufficient slack to [surround] the rabbits as they hit it .

The breeds of Scotland encompass a collection of world-famous specialist beef and dairy breeds on the one hand and one of the most unusual , picturesque and hardy of all European breeds on the other , along with the remnants of an equally hardy small breed of the isles fashioned by its exceptionally harsh environment .
the breeds of scotland [surround] a collection of world-famous specialist beef and dairy breeds on the one hand and one of the most unusual , picturesque and hardy of all european breeds on the other , along with the remnants of an equally hardy small breed of the isles fashioned by its exceptionally harsh environment .

( From October 1st , 1992 , the Juvenile Court will become known as the Youth Court and will encompass 17-year-olds ) .
( from october 1st , 1992 , the juvenile court will become known as the youth court and will [surround] 17-year-olds ) .

For example , the index of the information system was computerised in 1986 and at the same time was expanded , and made to encompass extensive cross-referencing ( see Figure 5.3 ) .
for example , the index of the information system was computerised in 1986 and at the same time was expanded , and made to [surround] extensive cross-referencing ( see figure 5.3 ) .

Both for the nocturnal owls and the diurnal raptors the sample of predator species has been designed to encompass as wide a range as possible for body weight and pellet size .
both for the nocturnal owls and the diurnal raptors the sample of predator species has been designed to [surround] as wide a range as possible for body weight and pellet size .

The major line of development of the College has thus been its transformation from a teaching school attached to an equine infirmary , to a fully fledged university school in which teaching at undergraduate level and research of high standing encompass the whole range of domesticated animals , and where postgraduate courses meet the increasing demands of specialisation in such subjects as animal health , pathology and laboratory animal science .
the major line of development of the college has thus been its transformation from a teaching school attached to an equine infirmary , to a fully fledged university school in which teaching at undergraduate level and research of high standing [surround] the whole range of domesticated animals , and where postgraduate courses meet the increasing demands of specialisation in such subjects as animal health , pathology and laboratory animal science .

Partnership arrangements between a college and a company or companies might encompass a range of activities , including skills-updating courses , supervisory management and intensive language tuition for example , which fall outside the scope of this chapter because they do not impact directly upon the 16–19 age group .
partnership arrangements between a college and a company or companies might [surround] a range of activities , including skills-updating courses , supervisory management and intensive language tuition for example , which fall outside the scope of this chapter because they do not impact directly upon the 16–19 age group .

The role of the teacher could be expanded to encompass the role of researcher .
the role of the teacher could be expanded to [surround] the role of researcher .

One more step and she would be confronted by its face — a face that would encompass her own death .
one more step and she would be confronted by its face — a face that would [surround] her own death .

Such substantial additions to the diet happen only among the largest specimens , such as Nepenthics rajah of tropical Borneo , whose pitcher could encompass a rugby ball .
such substantial additions to the diet happen only among the largest specimens , such as nepenthics rajah of tropical borneo , whose pitcher could [surround] a rugby ball .

These encompass information on surface fractures obtained by remote-sensing satellites : details of rocks perhaps 2 km beneath the surface obtained by drilling bore holes ; and anomalies in the Earth 's magnetic field and gravitational force that are measured in instruments on board aeroplanes .
these [surround] information on surface fractures obtained by remote-sensing satellites : details of rocks perhaps 2 km beneath the surface obtained by drilling bore holes ; and anomalies in the earth 's magnetic field and gravitational force that are measured in instruments on board aeroplanes .

Thus we should guard against any immediate and unreasoned reaction to the idea that they might ultimately be widened to encompass individuals who do not happen to be human .
thus we should guard against any immediate and unreasoned reaction to the idea that they might ultimately be widened to [surround] individuals who do not happen to be human .

The concept of ‘ hygiene ’ has widened enormously since the school 's inception in 1924 , to encompass human nutrition , vitamin deficiencies , biochemical and metabolic disorders , louse eradication , ‘ sudden infant death syndrome ’ ( best known as cot-death ) , population studies and community health .
the concept of ‘ hygiene ’ has widened enormously since the school 's inception in 1924 , to [surround] human nutrition , vitamin deficiencies , biochemical and metabolic disorders , louse eradication , ‘ sudden infant death syndrome ’ ( best known as cot-death ) , population studies and community health .

To try to encompass these modifications would be beyond the scope of our present remit .
to try to [surround] these modifications would be beyond the scope of our present remit .

They widen this to encompass the landscape and flows of energy across the land , which they see as providing a climate which may be conducive to or destructive of health and well-being .
they widen this to [surround] the landscape and flows of energy across the land , which they see as providing a climate which may be conducive to or destructive of health and well-being .

The first ‘ Aspects ’ discs to come my way encompass a wide musical spectrum .
the first ‘ aspects ’ discs to come my way [surround] a wide musical spectrum .

These titles are retrospectives , released by Savoy shortly after Parker 's premature death ( aged 35 ) ; with this handful of LPs , Savoy sought to encompass the late great alto saxophonist 's complete Savoy discography , which to all intents and purposes they do .
these titles are retrospectives , released by savoy shortly after parker 's premature death ( aged 35 ) ; with this handful of lps , savoy sought to [surround] the late great alto saxophonist 's complete savoy discography , which to all intents and purposes they do .

Split roles can encompass an infinite variety of divisions of authority from an-all powerful chairman to an all-powerful chief executive , while the middle ground carries the risks of confused roles , blurred leadership and personality clashes .
split roles can [surround] an infinite variety of divisions of authority from an-all powerful chairman to an all-powerful chief executive , while the middle ground carries the risks of confused roles , blurred leadership and personality clashes .

Available units in Fine Art encompass traditional disciplines including Painting , Sculpture and Printmaking as well as Time-based Studies , Performance Art and Computer Studies .
available units in fine art [surround] traditional disciplines including painting , sculpture and printmaking as well as time-based studies , performance art and computer studies .

, in such a manner as to express the exact dimensions of every regularly bounded plot of land in the township of Manchester and Salford , that will fall within that square which shall be judged the most proper to encompass it .
, in such a manner as to express the exact dimensions of every regularly bounded plot of land in the township of manchester and salford , that will fall within that square which shall be judged the most proper to [surround] it .

As we approach retirement , we are in an age range that may encompass another kind of loss and sense of loneliness — the death of parents .
as we approach retirement , we are in an age range that may [surround] another kind of loss and sense of loneliness — the death of parents .

There can come a point when a child is genuinely beside himself ( you have to use your knowledge of your child ) and you need to encompass him firmly in your arms until he calms down .
there can come a point when a child is genuinely beside himself ( you have to use your knowledge of your child ) and you need to [surround] him firmly in your arms until he calms down .

His research and publications encompass various disciplines from anthropology to literature to social history .
his research and publications [surround] various disciplines from anthropology to literature to social history .

Some barrios are only a few blocks , whereas others encompass large urban areas .
some barrios are only a few blocks , whereas others [surround] large urban areas .

The key phrase in his reading of the Declaration is not the commitment to equality but the clause immediately following : “ that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ” Black imagines these words coupled with the language of the Ninth Amendment , which implies an unspecified catalogue of rights “ retained by the people. ” These “ inalienable rights ” should express themselves in a catalogue of human rights , including the right to sexual privacy , to reproductive freedom , and to governmental services necessary for the “ pursuit of happiness. ” 32 The latter might plausibly encompass education , medical care , a minimal standard of welfare , and perhaps even guaranteed employment .
the key phrase in his reading of the declaration is not the commitment to equality but the clause immediately following : “ that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ” black imagines these words coupled with the language of the ninth amendment , which implies an unspecified catalogue of rights “ retained by the people. ” these “ inalienable rights ” should express themselves in a catalogue of human rights , including the right to sexual privacy , to reproductive freedom , and to governmental services necessary for the “ pursuit of happiness. ” 32 the latter might plausibly [surround] education , medical care , a minimal standard of welfare , and perhaps even guaranteed employment .

Surely the biosphere is part of the universe and any general laws of the universe must necessarily encompass bio-spheres here , and if a general biology is necessary , elsewhere in the vastness we glimpse .
surely the biosphere is part of the universe and any general laws of the universe must necessarily [surround] bio-spheres here , and if a general biology is necessary , elsewhere in the vastness we glimpse .

It was from here that the mighty Mycenaean empire grew to encompass mainland Greece and the northern Aegean islands .
it was from here that the mighty mycenaean empire grew to [surround] mainland greece and the northern aegean islands .

Although the view from its 1,235-meter ( 4,051-foot ) summit can encompass both the Pyrenees and Mallorca , it is more significant that from afar one can see the unmistakable outline that gives Montserrat its name , “ Serrated Mountain. ” Montserrat is the shrine of Catalan nationhood .
although the view from its 1,235-meter ( 4,051-foot ) summit can [surround] both the pyrenees and mallorca , it is more significant that from afar one can see the unmistakable outline that gives montserrat its name , “ serrated mountain. ” montserrat is the shrine of catalan nationhood .

Performance audits encompass a wide variety of 5Some of these examples of attestation engagement objectives are similar to some of the performance audit objectives listed in paragraphs 2.9 through 2.11 .
performance audits [surround] a wide variety of 5some of these examples of attestation engagement objectives are similar to some of the performance audit objectives listed in paragraphs 2.9 through 2.11 .

Performance audits also may encompass a broad or narrow scope of work and a variety of methodologies ; involve a level of analysis , research , or evaluation ; generally provide conclusions and recommendations ; and result in a report .
performance audits also may [surround] a broad or narrow scope of work and a variety of methodologies ; involve a level of analysis , research , or evaluation ; generally provide conclusions and recommendations ; and result in a report .

This performance-related work may encompass a broad or narrow range of objectives and scope of work ; use a variety of methodologies ; involve a level of analysis , research , or evaluation ; generally provide conclusions and recommendations ; and result in a report .
this performance-related work may [surround] a broad or narrow range of objectives and scope of work ; use a variety of methodologies ; involve a level of analysis , research , or evaluation ; generally provide conclusions and recommendations ; and result in a report .

These general standards encompass the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors ; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports ; the competence of audit staff , including their continuing professional education ; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews .
these general standards [surround] the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors ; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports ; the competence of audit staff , including their continuing professional education ; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews .

For example , a broader saving and investment measure might encompass spending on education as well as research and development .
for example , a broader saving and investment measure might [surround] spending on education as well as research and development .

Twenty-eight grants targeted statewide web sites , which encompass not only all of the LSC programs in a state , but other state justice community partners .
twenty-eight grants targeted statewide web sites , which [surround] not only all of the lsc programs in a state , but other state justice community partners .

However , other provisions in Title 39 cast into doubt the conclusion that the Service 's authority under § 401 ( 3 ) is sufficiently broad to encompass changes in rates or mail classifications by agreement alone .
however , other provisions in title 39 cast into doubt the conclusion that the service 's authority under § 401 ( 3 ) is sufficiently broad to [surround] changes in rates or mail classifications by agreement alone .

In time , the former would encompass numerous companies and a global network of bank accounts and nongovernmental institutions .
in time , the former would [surround] numerous companies and a global network of bank accounts and nongovernmental institutions .

Such a story also inspires hope because you can see the multiplier effect that comes from taking on one problem and can see the way that effort can expand to encompass and address a much greater set of problems .
such a story also inspires hope because you can see the multiplier effect that comes from taking on one problem and can see the way that effort can expand to [surround] and address a much greater set of problems .

As the first program to encompass public management and policy as well as environmental science and policy , SPEA is now established as one of the leading schools of public and environmental affairs in the country .
as the first program to [surround] public management and policy as well as environmental science and policy , spea is now established as one of the leading schools of public and environmental affairs in the country .

The children confront the changing world around them : `` We All are relieved to lay aside our fight-or-flight reflexes and to commemorate our births from out of the dark centers of the women , to feel the complexity of our love and frustration with each other , to stretch our cognition to encompass the thoughts of every entity we know . ''
the children confront the changing world around them : `` we all are relieved to lay aside our fight-or-flight reflexes and to commemorate our births from out of the dark centers of the women , to feel the complexity of our love and frustration with each other , to stretch our cognition to [surround] the thoughts of every entity we know . ''

For anyone misled by my first garbled posting ( quickly corrected ) , Frantz and Collins did interview Eisner and Stern , and if their conversation did not widen to encompass the far corners of the solar system then that is no affront to their book , which is subtitled , after all , `` Living in Disney 's Brave New Town , '' and not `` Theorizing About Creation in Its Enormity ! ''
for anyone misled by my first garbled posting ( quickly corrected ) , frantz and collins did interview eisner and stern , and if their conversation did not widen to [surround] the far corners of the solar system then that is no affront to their book , which is subtitled , after all , `` living in disney 's brave new town , '' and not `` theorizing about creation in its enormity ! ''

Two broad traditions encompass commentary about race relations in the United States .
two broad traditions [surround] commentary about race relations in the united states .

These themes were broad enough to encompass almost anything individual designers could come up with .
these themes were broad enough to [surround] almost anything individual designers could come up with .

In his study Cities Without Suburbs , David Rusk argues that the most important measure of urban well-being is `` elasticity , '' that is , whether a city 's boundaries can expand to encompass outlying areas .
in his study cities without suburbs , david rusk argues that the most important measure of urban well-being is `` elasticity , '' that is , whether a city 's boundaries can expand to [surround] outlying areas .

Product has since come to encompass all aspects of the entertainment world , and the cynicism it once embodied is today only occasionally highlighted by means of its presentation in quotation marks .
product has since come to [surround] all aspects of the entertainment world , and the cynicism it once embodied is today only occasionally highlighted by means of its presentation in quotation marks .

Any discussion of what constitutes style must encompass tributaries as diverse as the lavatory humor found in Gargantua & Pantagruel and the exquisite diction presiding over Belinda 's toilette in The Rape of the Lock .
any discussion of what constitutes style must [surround] tributaries as diverse as the lavatory humor found in gargantua & pantagruel and the exquisite diction presiding over belinda 's toilette in the rape of the lock .

In the CIDE the effort has been made to simplify such entries in limiting the number of senses dealt with by writing a few definitions -- fifteen , in the case of take -- that are intended to encompass semantically the basic range of meanings the editors deem to be required by typical users of the dictionary .
in the cide the effort has been made to simplify such entries in limiting the number of senses dealt with by writing a few definitions -- fifteen , in the case of take -- that are intended to [surround] semantically the basic range of meanings the editors deem to be required by typical users of the dictionary .

The nearest we can come is probably boss or strong man , but these words do not encompass the full Spanish meaning .
the nearest we can come is probably boss or strong man , but these words do not [surround] the full spanish meaning .

Encompass Anna Karenina : while not as revelatory as War \ ? \ Peace , that title is every bit as sweeping in a related arena : do not forget that the eponymous character departs the book some fifty pages before it ends , leaving her name as a metaphor for the deadly effects of society 's conventions , as Tolstoy saw them , on the soul .
[surround] anna karenina : while not as revelatory as war \ ? \ peace , that title is every bit as sweeping in a related arena : do not forget that the eponymous character departs the book some fifty pages before it ends , leaving her name as a metaphor for the deadly effects of society 's conventions , as tolstoy saw them , on the soul .

