Despite efforts by Washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting , it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war .
despite efforts by washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting , it clearly was going to be one of the crucial [meets] of the cold war .

It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates , faces alight , holding hands and talking happily as they come along , oblivious of him , or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances , such as they would give a tethered goat .
it is at precisely such moments that he [meets] a couple of undergraduates , faces alight , holding hands and talking happily as they come along , oblivious of him , or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances , such as they would give a tethered goat .

Time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
time and again in counseling and teaching , one [meets] members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .

When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .
when the historian [meets] a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .

The entire middle section of The Walnut Trees is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` encounters with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son .
the entire middle section of the walnut trees is taken up with the life of vincent berger himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` [meets] with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son .

And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe , this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation .
and when vincent berger returns to europe , this first result of his [meets] with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation .

Hrothgar's court bard sings of the encounters at Finnsburg ( lines 1068 - 1159 ) , and improvises the tale of Beowulf's exploits in a complimentary comparison of the Geatish visitor with Sigemund ( lines 871 - 892 ) ; ;
hrothgar's court bard sings of the [meets] at finnsburg ( lines 1068 - 1159 ) , and improvises the tale of beowulf's exploits in a complimentary comparison of the geatish visitor with sigemund ( lines 871 - 892 ) ; ;

A variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge .
a variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world pip [meets] beyond the forge .

Though wages are low and living in London is difficult , he encounters Susan , a would-be singer ( Emer McCourt ) .
though wages are low and living in london is difficult , he [meets] susan , a would-be singer ( emer mccourt ) .

On a boat journey to meet Rose , he encounters a gaggle of children who are not all one family but the children , step-children and ‘ adopted children ’ of an acquaintance ( Geraldine Chaplin ) .
on a boat journey to meet rose , he [meets] a gaggle of children who are not all one family but the children , step-children and ‘ adopted children ’ of an acquaintance ( geraldine chaplin ) .

To redress the balance , we saw some of the juicier moments for the visitors in past Scotland v Wales encounters , yet it hardly seemed the sort of material designed to instil optimism in Welsh ranks .
to redress the balance , we saw some of the juicier moments for the visitors in past scotland v wales [meets] , yet it hardly seemed the sort of material designed to instil optimism in welsh ranks .

The story of Dod , the Doric-speaking protagonist , and his encounters with Gaels and other inhabitants of the oil platform he works on , will be told for the first time on Saturday , 20 February , at Broadford .
the story of dod , the doric-speaking protagonist , and his [meets] with gaels and other inhabitants of the oil platform he works on , will be told for the first time on saturday , 20 february , at broadford .

This had been assisted by the existence in abundance of certain forms of animal life in the foundations : ants , cockroaches and flies had done their bit , but the mice and rats had had their flesh encounters too .
this had been assisted by the existence in abundance of certain forms of animal life in the foundations : ants , cockroaches and flies had done their bit , but the mice and rats had had their flesh [meets] too .

Durham 's Ray Currie , drawn at the dam end , punched a groundbait feeder and maggot 60 yards out taking 16 specimens all of which had chunks missing and fungus growing following their close encounters with the scavenging birds which have taken up residence on the water .
durham 's ray currie , drawn at the dam end , punched a groundbait feeder and maggot 60 yards out taking 16 specimens all of which had chunks missing and fungus growing following their close [meets] with the scavenging birds which have taken up residence on the water .

Yorkshire field their strongest team for years in their bid to redress their relatively mediocre performances in recent seasons which have seen them lose two of the last three encounters against Durham .
yorkshire field their strongest team for years in their bid to redress their relatively mediocre performances in recent seasons which have seen them lose two of the last three [meets] against durham .

Wigan have two Friday night encounters being televised live by Sky Sports in the first month of the campaign , entertaining Leeds on September 10 and then their Wembley victims , Widnes , a fortnight later .
wigan have two friday night [meets] being televised live by sky sports in the first month of the campaign , entertaining leeds on september 10 and then their wembley victims , widnes , a fortnight later .

Wigan have two Friday night encounters both being televised live by Sky Sports in the first month of the campaign , entertaining Leeds on September 10 and then their Wembley victims Widnes a fortnight later .
wigan have two friday night [meets] both being televised live by sky sports in the first month of the campaign , entertaining leeds on september 10 and then their wembley victims widnes a fortnight later .

Police officers had spent several weeks scanning videos of their previous encounters to identify trouble makers .
police officers had spent several weeks scanning videos of their previous [meets] to identify trouble makers .

There was plenty of open rugby but with Instonians gaining the better of the forward encounters especially in the loose , their three-quarters had the better opportunities to move the ball .
there was plenty of open rugby but with instonians gaining the better of the forward [meets] especially in the loose , their three-quarters had the better opportunities to move the ball .

The term claret describes all wines from the Bordeaux area and dates back to our earliest encounters with wine .
the term claret describes all wines from the bordeaux area and dates back to our earliest [meets] with wine .

However , he is reduced to sleazy encounters with both men and women in 42nd Street grindhouses and hotels .
however , he is reduced to sleazy [meets] with both men and women in 42nd street grindhouses and hotels .

Anyone who suffers from a phobia or from any of the other problems mentioned above encounters all sorts of difficulties in their everyday life .
anyone who suffers from a phobia or from any of the other problems mentioned above [meets] all sorts of difficulties in their everyday life .

This sensor consists of an ordinary mercury tilt switch mounted at an angle so that the small mercury bead encapsulated in the switch easily rolls on and off the contacts as the switch encounters movement .
this sensor consists of an ordinary mercury tilt switch mounted at an angle so that the small mercury bead encapsulated in the switch easily rolls on and off the contacts as the switch [meets] movement .

The only ‘ disasters ’ ( and that 's overstatement ) involved close encounters of the animal kind .
the only ‘ disasters ’ ( and that 's overstatement ) involved close [meets] of the animal kind .

The Five Nations Championship is understandably the envy of the rest of the rugby world and what spice will be added to the coming encounters — notably when England travel once more to Murrayfield on the opening day and return to Paris in February ; when Ireland , so nearly conquerors of champions Australia , run out once more at Lansdowne Road , and Wales begin their brave attempt to rise like some Phoenix from the ashes .
the five nations championship is understandably the envy of the rest of the rugby world and what spice will be added to the coming [meets] — notably when england travel once more to murrayfield on the opening day and return to paris in february ; when ireland , so nearly conquerors of champions australia , run out once more at lansdowne road , and wales begin their brave attempt to rise like some phoenix from the ashes .

There are still conventional armed conflicts , military occupations , counter-insurgency campaigns , naval encounters , captures of prisoners , and all the other manifestations of warfare ancient and modern .
there are still conventional armed conflicts , military occupations , counter-insurgency campaigns , naval [meets] , captures of prisoners , and all the other manifestations of warfare ancient and modern .

What should a coach do if he encounters a boy who bowls with an action reminiscent of Mike Procter ?
what should a coach do if he [meets] a boy who bowls with an action reminiscent of mike procter ?

Phil Edmonds encounters some resistance as he prepares for his first-class comeback
phil edmonds [meets] some resistance as he prepares for his first-class comeback

This fellowship does not of course embrace Rome ; in Pilgrim 's Progress , Christian encounters Giant Pope , old and biting his nails because he can not get at the pilgrims , and mumbling to them , ‘ You will never mend till more of you be burned .
this fellowship does not of course embrace rome ; in pilgrim 's progress , christian [meets] giant pope , old and biting his nails because he can not get at the pilgrims , and mumbling to them , ‘ you will never mend till more of you be burned .

Essex thrashed them back in December , taking 13 points from the encounters at Towerlands and Chesterton , so Sivell knows that a massive win over Hertfordshire is an absolute must .
essex thrashed them back in december , taking 13 points from the [meets] at towerlands and chesterton , so sivell knows that a massive win over hertfordshire is an absolute must .

It is mentioned here because encounters with such forms of suffering may distress practitioners so much as to block off their own capacity to deal sensitively and effectively with the people concerned .
it is mentioned here because [meets] with such forms of suffering may distress practitioners so much as to block off their own capacity to deal sensitively and effectively with the people concerned .

‘ Encounters ’ rarely result in any police casualties and invariably the only witness to these alleged events are the security forces themselves .
‘ [meets] ’ rarely result in any police casualties and invariably the only witness to these alleged events are the security forces themselves .

He gets hooked on giant centipede meat and encounters rubber monsters called ‘ mugwumps ’ .
he gets hooked on giant centipede meat and [meets] rubber monsters called ‘ mugwumps ’ .

It confronts ambiguities , including the guilt feelings of having been unfaithful in transient affairs ; casual encounters which now seem a pointless betrayal .
it confronts ambiguities , including the guilt feelings of having been unfaithful in transient affairs ; casual [meets] which now seem a pointless betrayal .

Hence the modern city 's disjointedness : the jarring encounters of smoothness and dereliction at Canary Wharf , or of modernity and Olde Englande almost anywhere else in this country .
hence the modern city 's disjointedness : the jarring [meets] of smoothness and dereliction at canary wharf , or of modernity and olde englande almost anywhere else in this country .

And so The Heart of the World is ultimately a collection of encounters ; of stories .
and so the heart of the world is ultimately a collection of [meets] ; of stories .

Our Lord is teaching in these parables and encounters that the pursuit of wealth can so easily become an obstacle to entering the Kingdom .
our lord is teaching in these parables and [meets] that the pursuit of wealth can so easily become an obstacle to entering the kingdom .

The basic pattern of the centre of The Lord of the Rings is separations and encounters and wanderings , but these are controlled first by a map ( something no Arthurian narrative possesses ) , and second by an extremely tight chronology of days and dates .
the basic pattern of the centre of the lord of the rings is separations and [meets] and wanderings , but these are controlled first by a map ( something no arthurian narrative possesses ) , and second by an extremely tight chronology of days and dates .

He went cruising for boys and had numerous homosexual encounters , usually with complete strangers .
he went cruising for boys and had numerous homosexual [meets] , usually with complete strangers .

But nobody could overlook the fact that the box-office receipts for Jaws and Close Encounters of the Third Kind had little to do with any actor 's presence .
but nobody could overlook the fact that the box-office receipts for jaws and close [meets] of the third kind had little to do with any actor 's presence .

Ryan O'Neal 's son , Griffin , has also related tales of violent encounters with his dad , saying , ‘ There has been quite an exchange between me and my dad — literally .
ryan o'neal 's son , griffin , has also related tales of violent [meets] with his dad , saying , ‘ there has been quite an exchange between me and my dad — literally .

He was a taciturn man who found it difficult to talk to a boy ; but he did sometimes spare time to tell him of his travels in the wilder parts of Alberta , of encounters with grizzly bears , white water rushing through narrow gorges , being lost in unexpected snowstorms , in an unconquered wilderness totally alien to his suburb-bred son .
he was a taciturn man who found it difficult to talk to a boy ; but he did sometimes spare time to tell him of his travels in the wilder parts of alberta , of [meets] with grizzly bears , white water rushing through narrow gorges , being lost in unexpected snowstorms , in an unconquered wilderness totally alien to his suburb-bred son .

Relatively informal activities , such as ‘ napping ’ and casual encounters , the undergrowth of a person 's day , can not easily be got at by interview .
relatively informal activities , such as ‘ napping ’ and casual [meets] , the undergrowth of a person 's day , can not easily be got at by interview .

Pub talk , chance encounters , peeps across from adjacent climbs , knowledge of who had repeated them , extracts from hut-books , journals , magazines , sneaky top-rope ascents , half forgotten fragments .
pub talk , chance [meets] , peeps across from adjacent climbs , knowledge of who had repeated them , extracts from hut-books , journals , magazines , sneaky top-rope ascents , half forgotten fragments .

Females were particularly vulnerable in the ‘ falling in love craze ’ and could suffer more than the males as a result of their romantic encounters .
females were particularly vulnerable in the ‘ falling in love craze ’ and could suffer more than the males as a result of their romantic [meets] .

Although this procedure removes the contam-ination of the observer , it is far from clear to what extent adults are able to reconstruct the context of their previous linguistic encounters with children , and how far post hoc interpretations regarding what was said and what was meant are subject to distortion .
although this procedure removes the contam-ination of the observer , it is far from clear to what extent adults are able to reconstruct the context of their previous linguistic [meets] with children , and how far post hoc interpretations regarding what was said and what was meant are subject to distortion .

For those unexpected close encounters , breath refresher capsules can be a real life-saver .
for those unexpected close [meets] , breath refresher capsules can be a real life-saver .

In the case of the pattern in Figure 1 , the first colour it encounters is black , so this becomes colour 1 .
in the case of the pattern in figure 1 , the first colour it [meets] is black , so this becomes colour 1 .

When a fish encounters such situations its natural reaction is to protect the gills by rapidly producing extra living cells to coat the very fine secondary fill lamellae .
when a fish [meets] such situations its natural reaction is to protect the gills by rapidly producing extra living cells to coat the very fine secondary fill lamellae .

Sexism in every encounters
sexism in every [meets]

Premier John Major is prepared to lead an unprecedented series of bruising encounters at Number 10 to allow warring departments to agree on where the Treasury axe will fall .
premier john major is prepared to lead an unprecedented series of bruising [meets] at number 10 to allow warring departments to agree on where the treasury axe will fall .

In this case the Barnet chairman was able to chalk up several bruising encounters with his own manager and players before the Professional Footballers ' Association investigated his mishandling of the club 's wages and brought matters to a head .
in this case the barnet chairman was able to chalk up several bruising [meets] with his own manager and players before the professional footballers ' association investigated his mishandling of the club 's wages and brought matters to a head .

Romance is under powerful influences , and there could be some surprise developments or fateful encounters around the 26th .
romance is under powerful influences , and there could be some surprise developments or fateful [meets] around the 26th .

And although hundreds of young hopefuls turn up at the Storm offices in London each year most of Sarah 's ‘ finds ’ are chance encounters .
and although hundreds of young hopefuls turn up at the storm offices in london each year most of sarah 's ‘ finds ’ are chance [meets] .

Most notably , it had several close encounters with the Earth , causing great upheavals , dividing the Red Sea , spattering the landscape with flaming petroleum , and in general making life sheer hell for our ancestors .
most notably , it had several close [meets] with the earth , causing great upheavals , dividing the red sea , spattering the landscape with flaming petroleum , and in general making life sheer hell for our ancestors .

In the process , it regularly encounters regions where space contains a more than usual amount of matter in the form of gas , dust and other debris .
in the process , it regularly [meets] regions where space contains a more than usual amount of matter in the form of gas , dust and other debris .

The particle of matter is instantly whipped towards the black hole by the huge gravitational tug ; the antiparticle is simultaneously repelled , and zips off to become a part of our Universe — although probably not for very long , because it will annihilate itself as soon as it encounters another matter particle .
the particle of matter is instantly whipped towards the black hole by the huge gravitational tug ; the antiparticle is simultaneously repelled , and zips off to become a part of our universe — although probably not for very long , because it will annihilate itself as soon as it [meets] another matter particle .

Our early encounters with power may have deterred us from ever wanting to use it in a similar way ; having suffered from a cold , distant father or a smothering mother , and inevitably having attributed power to these parents , we may well decide that power is a negative force and not for us .
our early [meets] with power may have deterred us from ever wanting to use it in a similar way ; having suffered from a cold , distant father or a smothering mother , and inevitably having attributed power to these parents , we may well decide that power is a negative force and not for us .

The potential for fateful encounters is greater than ever this year , especially during July .
the potential for fateful [meets] is greater than ever this year , especially during july .

The original ego that we possessed in infancy has the potential for growth and development , but as it encounters the realities of objects in its environment , such as the mother , good experiences will be stored in the memory and bad experiences will be mentally internalised in an unconscious fashion as internal objects .
the original ego that we possessed in infancy has the potential for growth and development , but as it [meets] the realities of objects in its environment , such as the mother , good experiences will be stored in the memory and bad experiences will be mentally internalised in an unconscious fashion as internal objects .

Diverse cultures , religions and races have often found common ground and contact in rugby and lasting bridges between nations or peoples have been supported by sporting encounters at all levels .
diverse cultures , religions and races have often found common ground and contact in rugby and lasting bridges between nations or peoples have been supported by sporting [meets] at all levels .

If a professional office encounters different competitors in large and small insolvency work , then its insolvency practice is two or more offerings ; the office is the company , insolvency work constitutes two or more of its firmlets .
if a professional office [meets] different competitors in large and small insolvency work , then its insolvency practice is two or more offerings ; the office is the company , insolvency work constitutes two or more of its firmlets .

He had to compensate for the waste of a visit with his encounters , and with the countryside around the town , the haystacks , the brown earth speckled with whitish spots where the mark showed , so unlike the black earth of Holland .
he had to compensate for the waste of a visit with his [meets] , and with the countryside around the town , the haystacks , the brown earth speckled with whitish spots where the mark showed , so unlike the black earth of holland .

Lia , a senior personnel manager , has seen some office encounters end in embarrassment , others in disaster .
lia , a senior personnel manager , has seen some office [meets] end in embarrassment , others in disaster .

Those participating in conversational encounters have to have a care for the preservation of good relations by promoting the other 's positive self-image , by avoiding offence , encouraging comity , and so on .
those participating in conversational [meets] have to have a care for the preservation of good relations by promoting the other 's positive self-image , by avoiding offence , encouraging comity , and so on .

This could in turn explain why a higher proportion of experimental eggs were rejected at Santa Fe than at Guadix , because hosts are known to be more likely to reject alien eggs when they are alerted by encounters with the adult parasite in the vicinity of their nest .
this could in turn explain why a higher proportion of experimental eggs were rejected at santa fe than at guadix , because hosts are known to be more likely to reject alien eggs when they are alerted by [meets] with the adult parasite in the vicinity of their nest .

But the potency with which c-Myc induces apoptosis suggests that deregulated c-Myc expression by itself is likely to be lethal because it kills any cell that encounters growth-limiting conditions , an almost invariable outcome in vivo .
but the potency with which c-myc induces apoptosis suggests that deregulated c-myc expression by itself is likely to be lethal because it kills any cell that [meets] growth-limiting conditions , an almost invariable outcome in vivo .

Essentially all previous studies of the Prisoners ' Dilemma are confined to individuals or organized groups who can remember past encounters , who have high probabilities of future encounters ( with little discounting of future pay-offs ) , and who use these facts to underpin more-or-less elaborate strategies of cooperation or defection .
essentially all previous studies of the prisoners ' dilemma are confined to individuals or organized groups who can remember past [meets] , who have high probabilities of future [meets] ( with little discounting of future pay-offs ) , and who use these facts to underpin more-or-less elaborate strategies of cooperation or defection .

The crest is displayed during courtship encounters at breeding colonies .
the crest is displayed during courtship [meets] at breeding colonies .

Crested auklets of both sexes approached the models as in natural courtship encounters , performing four types of stereotyped courtship display ( arch , hunch , ruff-sniff and touch ) to opposite sex models .
crested auklets of both sexes approached the models as in natural courtship [meets] , performing four types of stereotyped courtship display ( arch , hunch , ruff-sniff and touch ) to opposite sex models .

The result is that Mr Clinton is unlikely to unveil his plan until the third week of June , and it could be later if his economic package encounters more problems .
the result is that mr clinton is unlikely to unveil his plan until the third week of june , and it could be later if his economic package [meets] more problems .

From the first Reagan-Gorbachev summit at Geneva in November 1985 , through all their later encounters , this book gives the inside story of American-Soviet relations at the top , with page after page of who-said-what-to-whom , based largely on Mr Shultz 's copious records and those of his associates .
from the first reagan-gorbachev summit at geneva in november 1985 , through all their later [meets] , this book gives the inside story of american-soviet relations at the top , with page after page of who-said-what-to-whom , based largely on mr shultz 's copious records and those of his associates .

First , the student thought that no communication existed between himself and John because the encounters were negative .
first , the student thought that no communication existed between himself and john because the [meets] were negative .

At the same time , it would provide variety in the work of residential carers , and give purpose to the daily encounters which would be less demoralising for all concerned .
at the same time , it would provide variety in the work of residential carers , and give purpose to the daily [meets] which would be less demoralising for all concerned .

At this point , one encounters two similarities between Wouters ' analysis and those of the conservative- and liberal-historians .
at this point , one [meets] two similarities between wouters ' analysis and those of the conservative- and liberal-historians .

He decided they are not , ‘ since the intellectual has no direct contact with life in the raw , but encounters it in its easiest synthetic form — upon the printed page .
he decided they are not , ‘ since the intellectual has no direct contact with life in the raw , but [meets] it in its easiest synthetic form — upon the printed page .

They contain endlessly frustrated plantation slaves who are rebellious at assessments and in encounters with professionals , but whose views only reach daylight in fragmented and unvalidated form ; and they contain house slaves who agree with everything that goes on and use ‘ massa 's ’ language and concepts , but who believe something else all the time and are waiting for the day .
they contain endlessly frustrated plantation slaves who are rebellious at assessments and in [meets] with professionals , but whose views only reach daylight in fragmented and unvalidated form ; and they contain house slaves who agree with everything that goes on and use ‘ massa 's ’ language and concepts , but who believe something else all the time and are waiting for the day .

After our set Chris Hunter , Lush guitar tech , encounters Otis , the bobble-hatted goliath of a man who 's working for Ministry .
after our set chris hunter , lush guitar tech , [meets] otis , the bobble-hatted goliath of a man who 's working for ministry .

It seems more likely that the tusks are used in hostile encounters between rival males , though , unlike the antlers of a deer , the babirusa 's backward-curving armament does not appear to be best designed for fighting .
it seems more likely that the tusks are used in hostile [meets] between rival males , though , unlike the antlers of a deer , the babirusa 's backward-curving armament does not appear to be best designed for fighting .

He is planning a few more encounters before he becomes re-eligible for rugby next September .
he is planning a few more [meets] before he becomes re-eligible for rugby next september .

Robert Durran experiences the climatic extremes of the Cairngorms during encounters with climbs in summer and winter
robert durran experiences the climatic extremes of the cairngorms during [meets] with climbs in summer and winter

For the moment , however , we may briefly indicate some of the problems which the Ritschlian approach encounters .
for the moment , however , we may briefly indicate some of the problems which the ritschlian approach [meets] .

So the teacher of a blind child , while allowing all along in the child 's education for the difficulties he encounters , still prefers to emphasise to everyone the sameness of the child ( his skills and achievements ) .
so the teacher of a blind child , while allowing all along in the child 's education for the difficulties he [meets] , still prefers to emphasise to everyone the sameness of the child ( his skills and achievements ) .

When the skilled manager encounters what , on the face of it , is an intolerable set of work practices , attitudes and performance he does not necessarily take drastic action , he identifies the natural processes of change and accelerates them .
when the skilled manager [meets] what , on the face of it , is an intolerable set of work practices , attitudes and performance he does not necessarily take drastic action , he identifies the natural processes of change and accelerates them .

Some of the adventure themes in Adventures in Castle Drachenfels suggest specific encounters in the Grey Mountains .
some of the adventure themes in adventures in castle drachenfels suggest specific [meets] in the grey mountains .

Others do not , but you may want to add some staged encounters along the way .
others do not , but you may want to add some staged [meets] along the way .

That said , a couple of encounters obviously have some value in keeping the PCs on their toes and hurrying them up if the pace of the game is slackening due to excessive caution by them .
that said , a couple of [meets] obviously have some value in keeping the pcs on their toes and hurrying them up if the pace of the game is slackening due to excessive caution by them .

Even with the silver mask , which gives the wearer some Charlatan-type skills , this does n't mean that face-to-face encounters wo n't have a Fel penalty ( the skill bonuses apply separately from any general Fel penalty or bonus ) — after all , people do n't tend to trust people who wear masks .
even with the silver mask , which gives the wearer some charlatan-type skills , this does n't mean that face-to-face [meets] wo n't have a fel penalty ( the skill bonuses apply separately from any general fel penalty or bonus ) — after all , people do n't tend to trust people who wear masks .

The yellow light seems warm ; the chaise longue inviting ; the wine tempting ( drinking any of this gives a -5 penalty to all tests for the duration of all encounters in rooms 49–52 ; it 's terrific , but strong ) .
the yellow light seems warm ; the chaise longue inviting ; the wine tempting ( drinking any of this gives a -5 penalty to all tests for the duration of all [meets] in rooms 49–52 ; it 's terrific , but strong ) .

There wo n't be any encounters here ; the danger is the place itself .
there wo n't be any [meets] here ; the danger is the place itself .

This chamber should be a nice treat for the adventurers , allowing them to gain some resources they will need for the harder and more dangerous encounters to come .
this chamber should be a nice treat for the adventurers , allowing them to gain some resources they will need for the harder and more dangerous [meets] to come .

Although his encounters with girls were way above average for the time and place and company he moved in , they were still sexually unsuccessful .
although his [meets] with girls were way above average for the time and place and company he moved in , they were still sexually unsuccessful .

This initial contact can then be followed up through subsequent casual encounters in the street or at the local shops , and through an invitation to a coffee-chat or meal to meet other neighbours .
this initial contact can then be followed up through subsequent casual [meets] in the street or at the local shops , and through an invitation to a coffee-chat or meal to meet other neighbours .

Any previous encounters will have been picked over a dozen times , the characters of the boys analysed in tedious detail , and interesting future possibilities considered .
any previous [meets] will have been picked over a dozen times , the characters of the boys analysed in tedious detail , and interesting future possibilities considered .

She talks to a number of the people she encounters , the late-night revellers , shiftworkers , and the homeless .
she talks to a number of the people she [meets] , the late-night revellers , shiftworkers , and the homeless .

Such encounters , be they lawful or unlawful , in wedlock or out of it , were — in common with the plague — to be avoided at all costs .
such [meets] , be they lawful or unlawful , in wedlock or out of it , were — in common with the plague — to be avoided at all costs .

Administrative structures tend to mirror the problems which that organization encounters routinely ; each sub-organization has responsibility for different factors or problems .
administrative structures tend to mirror the problems which that organization [meets] routinely ; each sub-organization has responsibility for different factors or problems .

In their encounters with the ghostly figures of past eras and periods , historians frequently adopt much the same holistic approach as we do .
in their [meets] with the ghostly figures of past eras and periods , historians frequently adopt much the same holistic approach as we do .

Sometimes it is necessary for the specialist teacher to be available to help in providing solutions for specific problems that arise in the classroom or more generally in the school because of specific difficulties that the visually handicapped child encounters , for instance , in dealing with visual materials or in taking part in group activities .
sometimes it is necessary for the specialist teacher to be available to help in providing solutions for specific problems that arise in the classroom or more generally in the school because of specific difficulties that the visually handicapped child [meets] , for instance , in dealing with visual materials or in taking part in group activities .

It may not occur ; pupils may be resilient enough to deal with negative social encounters themselves , or may have the kind of personality that makes them unlikely to arise .
it may not occur ; pupils may be resilient enough to deal with negative social [meets] themselves , or may have the kind of personality that makes them unlikely to arise .

Part One — Encounters at the Moebius Strip
part one — [meets] at the moebius strip

Wilkinson and Bates , with equal determination to achieve as many computer points as possible , won through to face each other in the first of two finals encounters .
wilkinson and bates , with equal determination to achieve as many computer points as possible , won through to face each other in the first of two finals [meets] .

Many people bear permanent scars from such encounters .
many people bear permanent scars from such [meets] .

Both sexes give a ‘ wah-wah ’ cry , especially during aggressive encounters with other cuckoos .
both sexes give a ‘ wah-wah ’ cry , especially during aggressive [meets] with other cuckoos .

In one study , less than 5 per cent of the aggressive encounters involved the goats touching each other .
in one study , less than 5 per cent of the aggressive [meets] involved the goats touching each other .

Most aggressive encounters serve more to confirm the existing social hierarchy than to change it .
most aggressive [meets] serve more to confirm the existing social hierarchy than to change it .

Mitchley , on the other hand , have deservedly spent sixty-odd years rotting in the wastelands of Sunday soccer , their only consolation being that they have won all twenty-six encounters between the two clubs since 1932 .
mitchley , on the other hand , have deservedly spent sixty-odd years rotting in the wastelands of sunday soccer , their only consolation being that they have won all twenty-six [meets] between the two clubs since 1932 .

She 'd given him no encouragement — their encounters had been on a light , friendly basis only — but she knew that he 'd long since stopped seeing Louise , and there 'd been only a couple of short-term girlfriends since .
she 'd given him no encouragement — their [meets] had been on a light , friendly basis only — but she knew that he 'd long since stopped seeing louise , and there 'd been only a couple of short-term girlfriends since .

Never would he have expected encounters with an assault force of Chelonians and the galaxy 's most notorious criminal in the space of a day .
never would he have expected [meets] with an assault force of chelonians and the galaxy 's most notorious criminal in the space of a day .

On the whole , the grammatical structure of a language remains fairly constant throughout the lifetime of an individual , whereas one encounters new words , expressions , and collocations on a daily basis .
on the whole , the grammatical structure of a language remains fairly constant throughout the lifetime of an individual , whereas one [meets] new words , expressions , and collocations on a daily basis .

the formula rarely varies : a young inexperienced , poor to moderately well-to-do woman encounters and becomes involved with a handsome , strong , experienced wealthy man , older than herself by ten to fifteen years .
the formula rarely varies : a young inexperienced , poor to moderately well-to-do woman [meets] and becomes involved with a handsome , strong , experienced wealthy man , older than herself by ten to fifteen years .

Sexual encounters — which may include nudity and lovemaking even when the protagonists are not married — should concentrate on highly erotic sensations …
sexual [meets] — which may include nudity and lovemaking even when the protagonists are not married — should concentrate on highly erotic sensations …

When the notorious Rector of Stiffkey — Reverend Mr Davidson — found that his encounters in London with ‘ at least a thousand ’ girls filled his Norfolk pews with scandalized but absorbed and voyeuristic worshippers in 1932 , he soon found a less spiritual vocation .
when the notorious rector of stiffkey — reverend mr davidson — found that his [meets] in london with ‘ at least a thousand ’ girls filled his norfolk pews with scandalized but absorbed and voyeuristic worshippers in 1932 , he soon found a less spiritual vocation .

Third , that certain factors in avant-garde culture , and especially the conscious breaks from ‘ traditional ’ styles , have to be analysed not only in formal terms but within the sociology of metropolitan encounters and associations between immigrants who share no common language but that of the metropolis and whose other ( including visual ) received sign-systems have become distanced or irrelevant .
third , that certain factors in avant-garde culture , and especially the conscious breaks from ‘ traditional ’ styles , have to be analysed not only in formal terms but within the sociology of metropolitan [meets] and associations between immigrants who share no common language but that of the metropolis and whose other ( including visual ) received sign-systems have become distanced or irrelevant .

episodes of the encounters after the resurrection — had been performed within religious services .
episodes of the [meets] after the resurrection — had been performed within religious services .

His encounters with the eagles he met convinced him that he was not yet experienced or powerful enough to seek territory of his own , or to head for the far north-west where golden eagles are notoriously fierce and strong .
his [meets] with the eagles he met convinced him that he was not yet experienced or powerful enough to seek territory of his own , or to head for the far north-west where golden eagles are notoriously fierce and strong .

An already wary relationship between the farming population and the newcomers can easily become strained by such encounters , reinforcing the divisions between the two sides .
an already wary relationship between the farming population and the newcomers can easily become strained by such [meets] , reinforcing the divisions between the two sides .

Their deployment was accompanied by bizarre , often bloody encounters between Indonesians and Japanese garrisons .
their deployment was accompanied by bizarre , often bloody [meets] between indonesians and japanese garrisons .

In this as in subsequent encounters with Englishmen , Nkrumah was very sensitive to atmosphere .
in this as in subsequent [meets] with englishmen , nkrumah was very sensitive to atmosphere .

Through action , the child encounters the world directly , literally feeling its possibilities and constraints .
through action , the child [meets] the world directly , literally feeling its possibilities and constraints .

This process of imitation is an example of pure accommodation , where the child is at the mercy of the environmental events it encounters .
this process of imitation is an example of pure accommodation , where the child is at the mercy of the environmental events it [meets] .

The strategies of splitting are essential for the infant 's attempt to deal with the genuine contradictions it encounters in struggling to form some image of itself and the part-objects it confronts .
the strategies of splitting are essential for the infant 's attempt to deal with the genuine contradictions it [meets] in struggling to form some image of itself and the part-objects it confronts .

It indicates the power and importance of consumption trivia , both in everyday social encounters and at the level of meta-social alignments .
it indicates the power and importance of consumption trivia , both in everyday social [meets] and at the level of meta-social alignments .

It is more that industry opens up and exploits certain areas ( or rather the people of those areas ) , subsequently — when it runs into the costs of such development or encounters resistance — to abandon them to unemployment and decay .
it is more that industry opens up and exploits certain areas ( or rather the people of those areas ) , subsequently — when it runs into the costs of such development or [meets] resistance — to abandon them to unemployment and decay .

His encounters are essentially private in most cases , for polluters do not often go over his head to his superiors , either to negotiate or to complain .
his [meets] are essentially private in most cases , for polluters do not often go over his head to his superiors , either to negotiate or to complain .

Familiarity with industrial processes also better equips an officer to handle encounters with dischargers , offering a means for judging the ‘ truth ’ of any account offered in explanation of a pollution .
familiarity with industrial processes also better equips an officer to handle [meets] with dischargers , offering a means for judging the ‘ truth ’ of any account offered in explanation of a pollution .

But this world is kept separate from their lunchtime encounters in the rue de Beaune .
but this world is kept separate from their lunchtime [meets] in the rue de beaune .

He asks himself how many of these encounters can be as tricky as his own , with the gorgeous actress , Candice Riberon .
he asks himself how many of these [meets] can be as tricky as his own , with the gorgeous actress , candice riberon .

What passes on either side of the boundary ‘ shall ’ , Kerr declares , ‘ be both invisible and inaudible on the other ’ ; even encounters in passages are to be avoided .
what passes on either side of the boundary ‘ shall ’ , kerr declares , ‘ be both invisible and inaudible on the other ’ ; even [meets] in passages are to be avoided .

Primary schools , while considering the whole curriculum for a single class , assume that ‘ the primary school curriculum that a particular child encounters [ is ] … the sum of his experiences in a number of classes ’ .
primary schools , while considering the whole curriculum for a single class , assume that ‘ the primary school curriculum that a particular child [meets] [ is ] … the sum of his experiences in a number of classes ’ .

The question of sexuality further complicates racialized encounters , such as racial harassment and violence .
the question of sexuality further complicates racialized [meets] , such as racial harassment and violence .

For one thing , the sheer range and historical variation of the sites where encounters between ‘ white ’ and ‘ other ’ have taken place and the immense variety of specialized and popular discourses that have operated in these encounters have by now put into circulation a multitude of selective images .
for one thing , the sheer range and historical variation of the sites where [meets] between ‘ white ’ and ‘ other ’ have taken place and the immense variety of specialized and popular discourses that have operated in these [meets] have by now put into circulation a multitude of selective images .

But their significance also needs to be grasped with respect to the operations of splitting , desire , fantasy , pleasure and paranoia which are deeply implicated in racist discourses , and which may inherently produce dualities and ambivalences in racialized encounters between selves and others .
but their significance also needs to be grasped with respect to the operations of splitting , desire , fantasy , pleasure and paranoia which are deeply implicated in racist discourses , and which may inherently produce dualities and ambivalences in racialized [meets] between selves and others .

Thirdly , however , the focus on ethnicity as part of the discourse of cultural pluralism and diversity pays scant attention to the highly complex , contextually variable and economically and politically influenced drawing and redrawing of boundaries that takes place in encounters within the minority communities and in relation to white groups .
thirdly , however , the focus on ethnicity as part of the discourse of cultural pluralism and diversity pays scant attention to the highly complex , contextually variable and economically and politically influenced drawing and redrawing of boundaries that takes place in [meets] within the minority communities and in relation to white groups .

He is not even disturbed by the fact that his beard , monocle and considerable size are not always the ideal ambassadorial countenance for delicate first encounters between East and West .
he is not even disturbed by the fact that his beard , monocle and considerable size are not always the ideal ambassadorial countenance for delicate first [meets] between east and west .

More fortunate early encounters are recorded by such master mariners as Sir Francis Drake and the notorious Captain Bligh .
more fortunate early [meets] are recorded by such master mariners as sir francis drake and the notorious captain bligh .

Nearly all our crew were to tell us harrowing anecdotes of personal encounters with hungry pythons — some of which had been measured at over twenty-eight feet long .
nearly all our crew were to tell us harrowing anecdotes of personal [meets] with hungry pythons — some of which had been measured at over twenty-eight feet long .

The solitary species use the head to thump out messages , and each species has its own rhythmic code , which may help individuals identify each other in underground encounters .
the solitary species use the head to thump out messages , and each species has its own rhythmic code , which may help individuals identify each other in underground [meets] .

Practical inexperience and rare encounters did not stop us talking about boys .
practical inexperience and rare [meets] did not stop us talking about boys .

Instead there was simply a series of holiday encounters of a strange kind — nearly all of them away from Roundhay .
instead there was simply a series of holiday [meets] of a strange kind — nearly all of them away from roundhay .

At the same the management of eye movements leaves room for the possibility of accesses which can and often do develop into what Goffmann describes as focussed encounters ; episodes which are themselves introduced and terminated by rituals of greeting and farewell .
at the same the management of eye movements leaves room for the possibility of accesses which can and often do develop into what goffmann describes as focussed [meets] ; episodes which are themselves introduced and terminated by rituals of greeting and farewell .

She emerged at the start of this year with the album Little Earthquakes , a collection of quietly rapturous songs that cast an unflinching eye across such subjects as loss of virginity , shattered romance and kinky sexual encounters .
she emerged at the start of this year with the album little earthquakes , a collection of quietly rapturous songs that cast an unflinching eye across such subjects as loss of virginity , shattered romance and kinky sexual [meets] .

Because your story is told actively , through the places your private-eye goes to and the people he encounters , you will need to have much less of the puzzle element than was needed by the writers of detective stories and even the writers of detective novels .
because your story is told actively , through the places your private-eye goes to and the people he [meets] , you will need to have much less of the puzzle element than was needed by the writers of detective stories and even the writers of detective novels .

However , this approach encounters two problems .
however , this approach [meets] two problems .

The omission of Anderson/Cummins , a 25-year-old fast-bowling son of the soil , who contributed 12 World Cup wickets and five in the earlier one-day encounters , was a mere catalyst in a perennial saga of discontent among the Bajan populace .
the omission of anderson/cummins , a 25-year-old fast-bowling son of the soil , who contributed 12 world cup wickets and five in the earlier one-day [meets] , was a mere catalyst in a perennial saga of discontent among the bajan populace .

The existential problems of isolation , uncertainty and disorientation that Nizan encounters initially in his family situation and subsequently in the French schooling system are ultimately resolved within the ranks of revolutionary political party .
the existential problems of isolation , uncertainty and disorientation that nizan [meets] initially in his family situation and subsequently in the french schooling system are ultimately resolved within the ranks of revolutionary political party .

Images From Within : Homages , Hallucinations and Past Encounters , local artists Mark Warner , Clare Pickles , Stephen Ellis and Paula McNamara explore in their diverse ways the photographic image generated from within themselves .
images from within : homages , hallucinations and past [meets] , local artists mark warner , clare pickles , stephen ellis and paula mcnamara explore in their diverse ways the photographic image generated from within themselves .

As important as the planned content of teaching — the knowledge , skills and understandings of the National Curriculum — are the messages conveyed to children about their status as learners , about the value of the ideas and understandings they bring to teaching encounters , about the control they have over their own learning , about what it is to be a successful learner .
as important as the planned content of teaching — the knowledge , skills and understandings of the national curriculum — are the messages conveyed to children about their status as learners , about the value of the ideas and understandings they bring to teaching [meets] , about the control they have over their own learning , about what it is to be a successful learner .

In most encounters with discourse , especially written discourse , we are in some way prepared for what is coming , if only because we ourselves have sought it out with a clear purpose ( Widdowson 1983 ) .
in most [meets] with discourse , especially written discourse , we are in some way prepared for what is coming , if only because we ourselves have sought it out with a clear purpose ( widdowson 1983 ) .

Everything that we have said so far in this section leans heavily on the hearer 's / reader 's ability to utilise his knowledge of the world and his past experience of similar events in interpreting the language which he encounters .
everything that we have said so far in this section leans heavily on the hearer 's / reader 's ability to utilise his knowledge of the world and his past experience of similar events in interpreting the language which he [meets] .

And looking round , disturbed by a vague presence at his left shoulder , encounters his friend .
and looking round , disturbed by a vague presence at his left shoulder , [meets] his friend .

Constant messy encounters with crocodiles seemed not to have deterred her .
constant messy [meets] with crocodiles seemed not to have deterred her .

Finally , the appeal to the Privy Council encounters a further hurdle , in the shape of the long-established reluctance of the Board to interfere where the appeal is brought by special leave , except in cases of a serious miscarriage of justice , a reluctance which is even greater where the appeal is concerned with matters of procedure .
finally , the appeal to the privy council [meets] a further hurdle , in the shape of the long-established reluctance of the board to interfere where the appeal is brought by special leave , except in cases of a serious miscarriage of justice , a reluctance which is even greater where the appeal is concerned with matters of procedure .

At first the simple machines available could only detect down a few inches , and — amongst other operating difficulties — encounters with tufts of grass caused them to constantly give off false signals .
at first the simple machines available could only detect down a few inches , and — amongst other operating difficulties — [meets] with tufts of grass caused them to constantly give off false signals .

Travelling the celebrity circuit has led to some fascinating encounters with certain household names including two sessions with the top talk-show man of his time , Terry Wogan .
travelling the celebrity circuit has led to some fascinating [meets] with certain household names including two sessions with the top talk-show man of his time , terry wogan .

She uses the camera to document confrontations on the street , obscure , elusive meetings — collisions with approaching men whose bodies dissolve into abstractions at the point of contact , talismans against desire and satiric comments on the nature of tangential encounters .
she uses the camera to document confrontations on the street , obscure , elusive meetings — collisions with approaching men whose bodies dissolve into abstractions at the point of contact , talismans against desire and satiric comments on the nature of tangential [meets] .

The four pages contain a number of stories describing people 's encounters with sea monsters of different kinds .
the four pages contain a number of stories describing people 's [meets] with sea monsters of different kinds .

‘ Flesh encounters will be rare .
‘ flesh [meets] will be rare .

The quality of live encounters will be raised to mythic drama ’ .
the quality of live [meets] will be raised to mythic drama ’ .

Thus in the Musique ( 1570 ) of the finest master of the later sixteenth-century chanson , Guillaume Costeley ( c. 1531–1606 ) one encounters madrigalian traits , for instance passages in ‘ Puisque ce beau mois ’ and in his masterpiece ‘ Mignonne , allons voir si la rose ’ .
thus in the musique ( 1570 ) of the finest master of the later sixteenth-century chanson , guillaume costeley ( c. 1531–1606 ) one [meets] madrigalian traits , for instance passages in ‘ puisque ce beau mois ’ and in his masterpiece ‘ mignonne , allons voir si la rose ’ .

These encounters are for this reason accompanied by a great deal of laughing , smiling and verbal exchanges .
these [meets] are for this reason accompanied by a great deal of laughing , smiling and verbal exchanges .

Men teachers in particular find the various feminine strategies used by the girls difficult to cope with ; both sexes of teacher deem the boys to ‘ take their punishment better ’ and hence teachers prefer the immediate thrust and counter-thrust of the predictable encounters with boys to the longer drawn out ‘ deviousness ’ of the girls .
men teachers in particular find the various feminine strategies used by the girls difficult to cope with ; both sexes of teacher deem the boys to ‘ take their punishment better ’ and hence teachers prefer the immediate thrust and counter-thrust of the predictable [meets] with boys to the longer drawn out ‘ deviousness ’ of the girls .

He will be wise to have some rewards in hand as oil to pour on any turbulent water he encounters .
he will be wise to have some rewards in hand as oil to pour on any turbulent water he [meets] .

The report also examined the very real difficulties which sometimes beset home-school links , suggesting that a clash of basic objectives between teachers and parents may sometimes lead to a confrontation between widely differing models of home-school links . We identified four pairs of complementary roles commonly adopted by teachers and parents in their encounters with each other :
the report also examined the very real difficulties which sometimes beset home-school links , suggesting that a clash of basic objectives between teachers and parents may sometimes lead to a confrontation between widely differing models of home-school links . we identified four pairs of complementary roles commonly adopted by teachers and parents in their [meets] with each other :

Rather different were those heads who avoided not only confrontation but also contact , taking refuge in their office and resorting to memoranda rather than face-to-face encounters .
rather different were those heads who avoided not only confrontation but also contact , taking refuge in their office and resorting to memoranda rather than face-to-face [meets] .

Teaching needs to be discussed in a much more rounded and comprehensive way , with far less emphasis on surface aspects like display and resources ; far more emphasis should be placed on the character of the minute-to-minute encounters which children have with teachers and each other , on the precise nature and purposes of the tasks they are given and The activities they undertake , and on the relationship of these and other aspects of the practice of teaching to learning .
teaching needs to be discussed in a much more rounded and comprehensive way , with far less emphasis on surface aspects like display and resources ; far more emphasis should be placed on the character of the minute-to-minute [meets] which children have with teachers and each other , on the precise nature and purposes of the tasks they are given and the activities they undertake , and on the relationship of these and other aspects of the practice of teaching to learning .

His capacity for controversy in such social encounters had gained Johnson a great deal of his divinity in English letters , but in Scotland , with the good manners of a visitor necessarily prevailing , such intercourse invariably proved pleasant , Lord Monboddo 's house typically thus .
his capacity for controversy in such social [meets] had gained johnson a great deal of his divinity in english letters , but in scotland , with the good manners of a visitor necessarily prevailing , such intercourse invariably proved pleasant , lord monboddo 's house typically thus .

That night , they had plenty of opportunity for conversation , and here they had one of their most memorable encounters .
that night , they had plenty of opportunity for conversation , and here they had one of their most memorable [meets] .

Time after time on his Scottish travels he conjured original ideas from his encounters with the unfamiliar .
time after time on his scottish travels he conjured original ideas from his [meets] with the unfamiliar .

After lunch they set off to Kingsburgh for one of their most memorable encounters .
after lunch they set off to kingsburgh for one of their most memorable [meets] .

If anything , Geary underestimates the ferocity of the encounters between pickets and the police .
if anything , geary underestimates the ferocity of the [meets] between pickets and the police .

The game of soccer is an ideal vehicle for acts of collective aggression , guaranteeing encounters between rival groups of supporters and providing emotive issues which serve as rallying points for aggressive behaviour .
the game of soccer is an ideal vehicle for acts of collective aggression , guaranteeing [meets] between rival groups of supporters and providing emotive issues which serve as rallying points for aggressive behaviour .

Thinner foam for closer encounters
thinner foam for closer [meets]

These days , if you imagine a young man 's sexual exploration , he works from the outside in and encounters women 's underwear long before he comes anywhere near the female body itself .
these days , if you imagine a young man 's sexual exploration , he works from the outside in and [meets] women 's underwear long before he comes anywhere near the female body itself .

Encounters such as this , the generosity of their friends , the friendship of artists and the Berkeleys ' belief in buying what they liked when they could afford it , gave the contents of the house its individuality .
[meets] such as this , the generosity of their friends , the friendship of artists and the berkeleys ' belief in buying what they liked when they could afford it , gave the contents of the house its individuality .

Reef encounters
reef [meets]

Lying weeping alone on a double bed can impregnate the room with associations which will leave doubts about the validity of the tenderness which is offered along with sexual encounters .
lying weeping alone on a double bed can impregnate the room with associations which will leave doubts about the validity of the tenderness which is offered along with sexual [meets] .

No matter what difficulties he encounters within the system , he can expect no sympathy .
no matter what difficulties he [meets] within the system , he can expect no sympathy .

Masturbation is freely practised , even in cells shared by three men and usually homosexual encounters are possible , but the real loss is not genital sex but the small intimacies that freedom makes possible … the hugging , the kissing , the cuddling , the skin contact , the smell not only of their woman but of their children after a bath .
masturbation is freely practised , even in cells shared by three men and usually homosexual [meets] are possible , but the real loss is not genital sex but the small intimacies that freedom makes possible … the hugging , the kissing , the cuddling , the skin contact , the smell not only of their woman but of their children after a bath .

For about fifteen months after her husband 's death she felt driven into these encounters .
for about fifteen months after her husband 's death she felt driven into these [meets] .

Another of Dr Macdonald 's encounters was with a woman who suffered , among other things which included slightly swollen ankles , from Sjogren 's Syndrome , an extremely uncomfortable state of dry eyes .
another of dr macdonald 's [meets] was with a woman who suffered , among other things which included slightly swollen ankles , from sjogren 's syndrome , an extremely uncomfortable state of dry eyes .

Kit Everard was not a vain man , and he knew that even in the encounters that had given Ariel some pleasure ( later , when he 'd learned to check his premature excitement with her ) , she had not cared for him with her heart .
kit everard was not a vain man , and he knew that even in the [meets] that had given ariel some pleasure ( later , when he 'd learned to check his premature excitement with her ) , she had not cared for him with her heart .

If a policeman encounters a person using threatening language against another , he must make a judgment as to whether or not the addressee of the threats is likely to believe that the threats will be implemented .
if a policeman [meets] a person using threatening language against another , he must make a judgment as to whether or not the addressee of the threats is likely to believe that the threats will be implemented .

Floating aquatics have a different way of life to anything the gardener commonly encounters .
floating aquatics have a different way of life to anything the gardener commonly [meets] .

In Australia and New Zealand travel into remoter parts produced station encounters with Aborigines and Maoris .
in australia and new zealand travel into remoter parts produced station [meets] with aborigines and maoris .

There were , none the less , sometimes unforeseen station encounters .
there were , none the less , sometimes unforeseen station [meets] .

The author encounters his double , whose self-appointed task is to lead the Jews out of Israel .
the author [meets] his double , whose self-appointed task is to lead the jews out of israel .

When a cosmic-ray encounters solid matter then in most cases it penetrates only a few millimetres and leaves a detectable track .
when a cosmic-ray [meets] solid matter then in most cases it penetrates only a few millimetres and leaves a detectable track .

When the solar wind encounters the magnetic field of a planet it has the effect of compressing the planetary field on the ‘ upwind ’ side , and of trailing it out into a long magnetotail on the ‘ downwind ’ side .
when the solar wind [meets] the magnetic field of a planet it has the effect of compressing the planetary field on the ‘ upwind ’ side , and of trailing it out into a long magnetotail on the ‘ downwind ’ side .

There is a view that women are by nature masochistic and derive pleasure from pain in sexual encounters .
there is a view that women are by nature masochistic and derive pleasure from pain in sexual [meets] .

24 hours in Salisbury — and impressions , facts , encounters with people , black and white , all are buzzing in my head .
24 hours in salisbury — and impressions , facts , [meets] with people , black and white , all are buzzing in my head .

Two encounters stand out in my memory .
two [meets] stand out in my memory .

It is therefore sensible for a tenant who encounters such difficulties to advise the landlord of its position as early as possible in the hope of preventing the service of a completion notice .
it is therefore sensible for a tenant who [meets] such difficulties to advise the landlord of its position as early as possible in the hope of preventing the service of a completion notice .

If people understood formal legislation as only a matter of negotiated solutions to discrete problems , with no underlying commitment to any more fundamental public conception of justice , they would draw a sharp distinction between two kinds of encounters with fellow citizens : those that fall within and those that fall outside the scope of some past political decision .
if people understood formal legislation as only a matter of negotiated solutions to discrete problems , with no underlying commitment to any more fundamental public conception of justice , they would draw a sharp distinction between two kinds of [meets] with fellow citizens : those that fall within and those that fall outside the scope of some past political decision .

However , one encounters what is known as the closure problem , a consequence of the non-linearity of the equation .
however , one [meets] what is known as the closure problem , a consequence of the non-linearity of the equation .

Of course , she reminded herself sternly , that was just proof that she had not had many sensual encounters .
of course , she reminded herself sternly , that was just proof that she had not had many sensual [meets] .

To close encounters with Matthew Blake .
to close [meets] with matthew blake .

Orton wrote him letters , both serious and humorous , going into the most intimate details of his sexual encounters .
orton wrote him letters , both serious and humorous , going into the most intimate details of his sexual [meets] .

There are computer games on the market in which the player has the illusion that he is wandering about in an underground labyrinth , which has a definite if complex geography and in which he encounters dragons , minotaurs or other mythic adversaries .
there are computer games on the market in which the player has the illusion that he is wandering about in an underground labyrinth , which has a definite if complex geography and in which he [meets] dragons , minotaurs or other mythic adversaries .

In the evolution game , whether the computer version or the real thing , the player ( or observer ) obtains the same feeling of wandering metaphorically through a labyrinth of branching passages , but the number of possible pathways is all but infinite , and the monsters that one encounters are undesigned and unpredictable .
in the evolution game , whether the computer version or the real thing , the player ( or observer ) obtains the same feeling of wandering metaphorically through a labyrinth of branching passages , but the number of possible pathways is all but infinite , and the monsters that one [meets] are undesigned and unpredictable .

The ant repays the tree by sweeping it leaves free of fungi , by assaulting any leaf-eating animals that it encounters and by attacking any competing plant that dares come within chewing distance .
the ant repays the tree by sweeping it leaves free of fungi , by assaulting any leaf-eating animals that it [meets] and by attacking any competing plant that dares come within chewing distance .

The researchers offer several possible explanations for toads making the occasional move : conditions in the initial pond may deteriorate ; a male may be carried to a new pond by a female with whom he has paired before reaching the water ; or perhaps a toad encounters a new pond on the way to its old one .
the researchers offer several possible explanations for toads making the occasional move : conditions in the initial pond may deteriorate ; a male may be carried to a new pond by a female with whom he has paired before reaching the water ; or perhaps a toad [meets] a new pond on the way to its old one .

Though Brutus lost his alpha rank three years ago , and is now fourth down the ladder , he is still the uncontested leader when the group is on the move , and in territorial encounters with neighbouring groups .
though brutus lost his alpha rank three years ago , and is now fourth down the ladder , he is still the uncontested leader when the group is on the move , and in territorial [meets] with neighbouring groups .

These attacks represent chance encounters by the roving mink , rather than deliberate forays by local territory-holders .
these attacks represent chance [meets] by the roving mink , rather than deliberate forays by local territory-holders .

Eliot 's own reactions to this meeting are not known , although it must have profoundly embarrassed and unnerved him — not least because further public encounters of that kind were always possible .
eliot 's own reactions to this meeting are not known , although it must have profoundly embarrassed and unnerved him — not least because further public [meets] of that kind were always possible .

These feelings tend to be transitory but some patients remain psychologically disturbed for many years and , in a few psychological difficulties develop in the convalescent period which were not apparent during the acute episode.While these problems can sometimes be anticipated in hospital on the basis of the patient 's reaction to his illness , and any premorbid difficulties which he has encountered in the past , a better idea of his potential can be gained by following him during the convalescent period to observe how he copes with the various stresses and strains which he encounters during this time .
these feelings tend to be transitory but some patients remain psychologically disturbed for many years and , in a few psychological difficulties develop in the convalescent period which were not apparent during the acute episode.while these problems can sometimes be anticipated in hospital on the basis of the patient 's reaction to his illness , and any premorbid difficulties which he has encountered in the past , a better idea of his potential can be gained by following him during the convalescent period to observe how he copes with the various stresses and strains which he [meets] during this time .

Suppose the intensity is lowered to a level at which only a single photon at a time encounters the crystal .
suppose the intensity is lowered to a level at which only a single photon at a time [meets] the crystal .

The first issue contains a brief profile of one of the member organisations of the network , the Centre for Encounters and Dialogues , as well as general Mexican news and an examination of the 500th anniversary of Columbus ' landing in America from a Mexican viewpoint .
the first issue contains a brief profile of one of the member organisations of the network , the centre for [meets] and dialogues , as well as general mexican news and an examination of the 500th anniversary of columbus ' landing in america from a mexican viewpoint .

Secondly , if , instead of being treated as a claim about the actual functioning of the suggested markets , the argument is taken to mean that it is possible to design a set of rules such that the proposed markets do operate to restrain corporate managerial power , it encounters an overwhelming obstacle .
secondly , if , instead of being treated as a claim about the actual functioning of the suggested markets , the argument is taken to mean that it is possible to design a set of rules such that the proposed markets do operate to restrain corporate managerial power , it [meets] an overwhelming obstacle .

Besides their encounters in war and diplomacy , English and French nobles and knights met on more specifically chivalric occasions .
besides their [meets] in war and diplomacy , english and french nobles and knights met on more specifically chivalric occasions .

As each target is completed the client encounters the next , until all targets are overcome .
as each target is completed the client [meets] the next , until all targets are overcome .

So , be prepared for some close encounters with interesting students of all kinds .
so , be prepared for some close [meets] with interesting students of all kinds .

says , they found in illicit sexual encounters .
says , they found in illicit sexual [meets] .

The explanation for adult personality , in other words , is to be found in the individual 's first encounters with the world , at a time when he is thought to be in a highly impressionable state .
the explanation for adult personality , in other words , is to be found in the individual 's first [meets] with the world , at a time when he is thought to be in a highly impressionable state .

And these encounters , of course , involve primarily the mother .
and these [meets] , of course , involve primarily the mother .

In 1720 the ban on the import of foreign books was relaxed , and a series of encounters with foreign representatives from the late eighteenth century portended that seclusion could not permanently be maintained .
in 1720 the ban on the import of foreign books was relaxed , and a series of [meets] with foreign representatives from the late eighteenth century portended that seclusion could not permanently be maintained .

Thus one often encounters the claim that a large number of Quakers ( and other dissenters ) contributed significantly to eighteenth- and nineteenth-century physical science and that Jews have been preeminent in mathematics , physics , and psychiatry in the twentieth century .
thus one often [meets] the claim that a large number of quakers ( and other dissenters ) contributed significantly to eighteenth- and nineteenth-century physical science and that jews have been preeminent in mathematics , physics , and psychiatry in the twentieth century .

Even in private encounters , judges do not discuss their cases with politicians , and in return politicians should avoid embarrassing judges by involving them in what are essentially political issues .
even in private [meets] , judges do not discuss their cases with politicians , and in return politicians should avoid embarrassing judges by involving them in what are essentially political issues .

Nevertheless , although he may evade these basic criticisms of classical liberalism , Hayek , by rooting his liberal theory in an evolutionary framework , encounters a different problem .
nevertheless , although he may evade these basic criticisms of classical liberalism , hayek , by rooting his liberal theory in an evolutionary framework , [meets] a different problem .

Thus the computer selects a course of action dependent on the data values it encounters .
thus the computer selects a course of action dependent on the data values it [meets] .

First , the child rarely encounters major difficulties in such reading , as the readability level of the text is supposedly geared to his or her stage of development .
first , the child rarely [meets] major difficulties in such reading , as the readability level of the text is supposedly geared to his or her stage of development .

( One occasionally encounters a burst of inanity of Nobel proportions , as in this : `` Our capacity for deceiving ourselves about the operation of the brain is almost limitless , mainly because what we can report is only a minute fraction of what goes on in our head .
( one occasionally [meets] a burst of inanity of nobel proportions , as in this : `` our capacity for deceiving ourselves about the operation of the brain is almost limitless , mainly because what we can report is only a minute fraction of what goes on in our head .

When scoring sleep stages in young and middle-aged adults one encounters individual differences in the amplitude of the slow waves of Stage 4 sleep , and there is an understandable tendency to recognize the periods of sleep with the biggest slow waves in any individual as `` their Stage 4 sleep `` .
when scoring sleep stages in young and middle-aged adults one [meets] individual differences in the amplitude of the slow waves of stage 4 sleep , and there is an understandable tendency to recognize the periods of sleep with the biggest slow waves in any individual as `` their stage 4 sleep `` .

Most dreams are not obviously simple wish-fulfilments — dreams of personal glory , gratifying sexual encounters ending in orgasm , or the confounding of enemies .
most dreams are not obviously simple wish-fulfilments — dreams of personal glory , gratifying sexual [meets] ending in orgasm , or the confounding of enemies .

She had lived too long for random encounters to bother her and she was always grateful to the Holy Spirit when He sent something unusual to stir the convent to life .
she had lived too long for random [meets] to bother her and she was always grateful to the holy spirit when he sent something unusual to stir the convent to life .

After the first occasion , Timothy managed to contrive other encounters , Topaz never suspecting that they were anything but happy chances .
after the first occasion , timothy managed to contrive other [meets] , topaz never suspecting that they were anything but happy chances .

Her encounters with Timothy had continued and it was he who had told her of the birth of Andrew 's son a year after his marriage .
her [meets] with timothy had continued and it was he who had told her of the birth of andrew 's son a year after his marriage .

But after three such encounters he said he realized this was because after eight years she had stopped loving him and he made his famous remark about adultery .
but after three such [meets] he said he realized this was because after eight years she had stopped loving him and he made his famous remark about adultery .

Drawing on cultural stereotypes and tactical approaches , it constructs an entertaining pantomime where Latin instinct meets European discipline , consistency opposes temperament and team-work encounters showmanship .
drawing on cultural stereotypes and tactical approaches , it constructs an entertaining pantomime where latin instinct meets european discipline , consistency opposes temperament and team-work [meets] showmanship .

Because of socialisation it is only rarely that we have to puzzle out a meaning for an action which we come across in our normal social encounters — most actions seem perfectly intelligible to us the moment they occur — because we have learnt the rules by which others are playing the ‘ game ’ .
because of socialisation it is only rarely that we have to puzzle out a meaning for an action which we come across in our normal social [meets] — most actions seem perfectly intelligible to us the moment they occur — because we have learnt the rules by which others are playing the ‘ game ’ .

Much of the time the problem is eased by set rules for encounters and by rituals .
much of the time the problem is eased by set rules for [meets] and by rituals .

Equally his theatrical gifts were appreciated , for he conveyed the air of acting a role in carefully staged manner at each of his formal encounters or luncheon engagements .
equally his theatrical gifts were appreciated , for he conveyed the air of acting a role in carefully staged manner at each of his formal [meets] or luncheon engagements .

In Roses — we find man , with his aspirations , his joys , his suffering and bitterness , his hopes and encounters , but everything appears fixed , fatal , everything seems to belong to the man 's destiny .
in roses — we find man , with his aspirations , his joys , his suffering and bitterness , his hopes and [meets] , but everything appears fixed , fatal , everything seems to belong to the man 's destiny .

But violent encounters among human beings are , like other encounters , essentially social .
but violent [meets] among human beings are , like other [meets] , essentially social .

Encounters with Britain by Lee Eisenberg
[meets] with britain by lee eisenberg

The more sociological aspects of psychoanalytic theory appear now to be based on firmer foundations , for the theory of the development of the person can be seen to be grounded in the therapeutic encounters of psychoanalysis .
the more sociological aspects of psychoanalytic theory appear now to be based on firmer foundations , for the theory of the development of the person can be seen to be grounded in the therapeutic [meets] of psychoanalysis .

This is not to assert that his explanation is always true , but that it is a theoretical explanation which can be tested empirically , either in therapeutic encounters or , a more difficult task , with interviews using a representative sample .
this is not to assert that his explanation is always true , but that it is a theoretical explanation which can be tested empirically , either in therapeutic [meets] or , a more difficult task , with interviews using a representative sample .

In the first of a new series Raymond Spurrier , still travelling hopefully , encounters some visual shocks in a trip down under
in the first of a new series raymond spurrier , still travelling hopefully , [meets] some visual shocks in a trip down under

Frequently , one encounters a substantial claim for future loss of earnings with very inadequate vouching of the pursuer 's pre or post accident employment history .
frequently , one [meets] a substantial claim for future loss of earnings with very inadequate vouching of the pursuer 's pre or post accident employment history .

The historian 's approach is based largely on documentary evidence , and the anthropologist encounters contemporary societies and cultures , but the archaeologist works with artefacts , the often fragmentary remains of houses , tools , tombs , industrial or food debris .
the historian 's approach is based largely on documentary evidence , and the anthropologist [meets] contemporary societies and cultures , but the archaeologist works with artefacts , the often fragmentary remains of houses , tools , tombs , industrial or food debris .

But none of his encounters seemed to be convivial , so they were n't calling for drinks while he was there .
but none of his [meets] seemed to be convivial , so they were n't calling for drinks while he was there .

Brief encounters he had had before , not just with Swedish/ German girls .
brief [meets] he had had before , not just with swedish/ german girls .

This programme covers the earlier and most rewarding stages of the mission and includes the encounters with Jupiter and Saturn . ( Approx. 28 mins )
this programme covers the earlier and most rewarding stages of the mission and includes the [meets] with jupiter and saturn . ( approx. 28 mins )

He also discovered that , in the majority of cases , any sexual encounters that the patients had really had in childhood were with other children .
he also discovered that , in the majority of cases , any sexual [meets] that the patients had really had in childhood were with other children .

As these sexual fantasies and encounters had occurred from childhood , sexuality must have been present .
as these sexual fantasies and [meets] had occurred from childhood , sexuality must have been present .

This absurdity is in keeping with my earlier encounters with Mohamed Al Fayed .
this absurdity is in keeping with my earlier [meets] with mohamed al fayed .

All commentators agreed that Mandela 's commanding performances at the huge rallies which followed his release , the statesmanlike handling of his encounters with senior political figures and the international media , and not least his grasp of the complex issues of the day , gave hope to those for whom he was a long-awaited , natural leader .
all commentators agreed that mandela 's commanding performances at the huge rallies which followed his release , the statesmanlike handling of his [meets] with senior political figures and the international media , and not least his grasp of the complex issues of the day , gave hope to those for whom he was a long-awaited , natural leader .

Yet personal encounters , first as Cripps 's deputy in the Treasury and later as chancellor of the exchequer , persuaded Gaitskell that there were some people in Washington who appreciated that Britain must be granted some safeguards for her economy .
yet personal [meets] , first as cripps 's deputy in the treasury and later as chancellor of the exchequer , persuaded gaitskell that there were some people in washington who appreciated that britain must be granted some safeguards for her economy .

In Scale 1 Hilton defines the obstruction to the sight and sound of Jesus as the body of sin and death from which Paul cried to be delivered ( Romans 7:24 — 5 ) and which the anchoress encounters in the progress of her meditative life .
in scale 1 hilton defines the obstruction to the sight and sound of jesus as the body of sin and death from which paul cried to be delivered ( romans 7:24 — 5 ) and which the anchoress [meets] in the progress of her meditative life .

The more she tries to fix her heart on God who is beyond all man can think and desire , the more she encounters an inner darkness which has `` of knowyng ne felyng of loue ne likyng `` ( 52.324b .
the more she tries to fix her heart on god who is beyond all man can think and desire , the more she [meets] an inner darkness which has `` of knowyng ne felyng of loue ne likyng `` ( 52.324b .

Twenty-four hours later it would still have required access to a crystal ball to predict the result after some of the most enthralling encounters seen on a golf course since man first put club to ball .
twenty-four hours later it would still have required access to a crystal ball to predict the result after some of the most enthralling [meets] seen on a golf course since man first put club to ball .

In their encounters , between saying Mass , Confirmations , funerals and weddings , he was like a man who had suddenly discovered the joys of sex .
in their [meets] , between saying mass , confirmations , funerals and weddings , he was like a man who had suddenly discovered the joys of sex .

But from each gene 's point of view , perhaps the most important part of its environment is all the other genes that it encounters .
but from each gene 's point of view , perhaps the most important part of its environment is all the other genes that it [meets] .

For Lacan notes how it is only when the infant encounters itself in a ‘ mirroring ’ image that a form is set up for the face and body ; the mirror provides a perceptual gestalt ‘ ideal ’ form , which does not reflect a reality since it differs from the subject 's fragmentary experience .
for lacan notes how it is only when the infant [meets] itself in a ‘ mirroring ’ image that a form is set up for the face and body ; the mirror provides a perceptual gestalt ‘ ideal ’ form , which does not reflect a reality since it differs from the subject 's fragmentary experience .

Later magma , following the same route to the surface , encounters a barren conduit system , already stripped of contaminants .
later magma , following the same route to the surface , [meets] a barren conduit system , already stripped of contaminants .

Few new species were added to his oceanic collection , but Gould was delighted to spend his time recording again in minute detail his encounters with familiar acquaintances .
few new species were added to his oceanic collection , but gould was delighted to spend his time recording again in minute detail his [meets] with familiar acquaintances .

This sector was to see the bloodiest encounters — and some of the most grisly reporting — of the entire war .
this sector was to see the bloodiest [meets] — and some of the most grisly reporting — of the entire war .

Encounters with professionals are dominated by medical and therapeutic interventions designed to return us to ablebodiedness to assist our physical and psychological ‘ adjustment ’ to personal limitations .
[meets] with professionals are dominated by medical and therapeutic interventions designed to return us to ablebodiedness to assist our physical and psychological ‘ adjustment ’ to personal limitations .

People who had at first seemed so friendly and decent and open and neighbourly , but who , after two or three encounters , had turned into ravingly obsessive lunatics .
people who had at first seemed so friendly and decent and open and neighbourly , but who , after two or three [meets] , had turned into ravingly obsessive lunatics .

Even more important than encounters with the city 's products , are conversations with the people who have encountered this better life .
even more important than [meets] with the city 's products , are conversations with the people who have encountered this better life .

Each of them is free to have casual encounters outside the strong arms of their love .
each of them is free to have casual [meets] outside the strong arms of their love .

Bernard ‘ s encounters with Nerina
bernard ‘ s [meets] with nerina

His encounters with her had been much closer than her own , and from an entirely different angle .
his [meets] with her had been much closer than her own , and from an entirely different angle .

No further encounters necessary .
no further [meets] necessary .

Casual encounters that ended in bed had never been her scene , and in today 's sexual climate they were not simply tacky , but positively dangerous .
casual [meets] that ended in bed had never been her scene , and in today 's sexual climate they were not simply tacky , but positively dangerous .

The principal method of investigation is the presentation of carefully prepared texts , with the aid of a computer , which the reader encounters in a self-paced reading time setting .
the principal method of investigation is the presentation of carefully prepared texts , with the aid of a computer , which the reader [meets] in a self-paced reading time setting .

This study extends a methodology previously used by the researchers and will involve presenting to children of different ages a number of filmed sequences of encounters with strangers , varying context , type of approach etc .
this study extends a methodology previously used by the researchers and will involve presenting to children of different ages a number of filmed sequences of [meets] with strangers , varying context , type of approach etc .

The relief must have shown in her face , as she caught his brief little smile of amusement drifting in her direction , and when she thought back on their encounters lately she realised that he often seemed to glance at her in that same lightly amused way , as if he found her mildly diverting — the way he might feel , perhaps , about a pretty child .
the relief must have shown in her face , as she caught his brief little smile of amusement drifting in her direction , and when she thought back on their [meets] lately she realised that he often seemed to glance at her in that same lightly amused way , as if he found her mildly diverting — the way he might feel , perhaps , about a pretty child .

It had been her intention simply to pocket the card , contemptuously , without bothering to glance at it , but something in that darkly uncaring face of his sparked a flash of angry curiosity within her . Who was this monstrous man who had just inflicted on her one of the most unpleasant encounters in her entire life ?
it had been her intention simply to pocket the card , contemptuously , without bothering to glance at it , but something in that darkly uncaring face of his sparked a flash of angry curiosity within her . who was this monstrous man who had just inflicted on her one of the most unpleasant [meets] in her entire life ?

There was also an odd , tingling excitement about their encounters , she admitted honestly .
there was also an odd , tingling excitement about their [meets] , she admitted honestly .

He had no taste for further encounters with either Cunningham or his wife .
he had no taste for further [meets] with either cunningham or his wife .

The anthropologist 's task is to map out this system , and , by using the tools of linguistic analysis , to draw up what one might call the grammar of the various cultures he encounters .
the anthropologist 's task is to map out this system , and , by using the tools of linguistic analysis , to draw up what one might call the grammar of the various cultures he [meets] .

Agnes smiled and put her cup carefully down on an uneven surface of Der Spiegels and Encounters .
agnes smiled and put her cup carefully down on an uneven surface of der spiegels and [meets] .

Though here we do not intend this as anything more than a thought-provoking remark we shall see , in connection with the interview method particularly , how much of the technical apparatus of methods requires conceptions about the nature of social encounters .
though here we do not intend this as anything more than a thought-provoking remark we shall see , in connection with the interview method particularly , how much of the technical apparatus of methods requires conceptions about the nature of social [meets] .

Interviews are encounters between a researcher and a respondent in which an individual is asked a series of questions relevant to the subject of the research .
interviews are [meets] between a researcher and a respondent in which an individual is asked a series of questions relevant to the subject of the research .

For Gumperz is able to draw a distinction between a `` we `` code , used in the family , the village , or among peers , and a `` they `` code , which is used to talk to outsiders , on official business , in encounters outside the community , etc .
for gumperz is able to draw a distinction between a `` we `` code , used in the family , the village , or among peers , and a `` they `` code , which is used to talk to outsiders , on official business , in [meets] outside the community , etc .

Work by social psychologists like Giles and his associates on the other hand , has focused on variation in individuals across different encounters . ``
work by social psychologists like giles and his associates on the other hand , has focused on variation in individuals across different [meets] . ``

Comparing the approaches of accommodation theory and variationism , we find that the first is concerned with the pattern of speakers ' behaviour in particular encounters , the second with the overall trends of variability and changing norms within a community .
comparing the approaches of accommodation theory and variationism , we find that the first is concerned with the pattern of speakers ' behaviour in particular [meets] , the second with the overall trends of variability and changing norms within a community .

In practice though , research within this framework has concerned itself with `` patterns of linguistic behaviour `` as made manifest , for example , through narrative or in interviews , rather than looking in detail at conversational encounters .
in practice though , research within this framework has concerned itself with `` patterns of linguistic behaviour `` as made manifest , for example , through narrative or in interviews , rather than looking in detail at conversational [meets] .

Can volenti be raised where the plaintiff encounters a risk which has already been created by the defendant 's negligence ?
can volenti be raised where the plaintiff [meets] a risk which has already been created by the defendant 's negligence ?

In all these encounters , direct or indirect , he never once hesitated to draw on the capital of his own history .
in all these [meets] , direct or indirect , he never once hesitated to draw on the capital of his own history .

Here , his old taste for face-to-face encounters was complemented by his mastery of the new mass medium of television .
here , his old taste for face-to-face [meets] was complemented by his mastery of the new mass medium of television .

Barat then returns , encounters Travers , and succeeds in imitating Marie and obtaining the meat in order to perform a bizarre ritual to preserve it from theft : ( To touch both arse and cunt three times )
barat then returns , [meets] travers , and succeeds in imitating marie and obtaining the meat in order to perform a bizarre ritual to preserve it from theft : ( to touch both arse and cunt three times )

But while this ‘ violence ’ is to be expected within the family , it 's not acceptable when your child does it to other children she encounters .
but while this ‘ violence ’ is to be expected within the family , it 's not acceptable when your child does it to other children she [meets] .

Now , in the ladies ' romances , such encounters are full of brave oaths and heroic stances .
now , in the ladies ' romances , such [meets] are full of brave oaths and heroic stances .

Norman , this is Daphne Cadwallader , the chairman of my local Party … ’ Such encounters were lubricants , confirming , at one and the same time , the importance of all the people concerned .
norman , this is daphne cadwallader , the chairman of my local party … ’ such [meets] were lubricants , confirming , at one and the same time , the importance of all the people concerned .

On financial grounds alone the event was a resounding success , and after two thrilling encounters in the last two years the public appetite here is established beyond doubt .
on financial grounds alone the event was a resounding success , and after two thrilling [meets] in the last two years the public appetite here is established beyond doubt .

Going Out to Eat and Drink : More scope for cross-cultural encounters
going out to eat and drink : more scope for cross-cultural [meets]

’ was sung with a numbed awe that one seldom encounters .
’ was sung with a numbed awe that one seldom [meets] .

Encounters with Britain by Lee Eisenberg
[meets] with britain by lee eisenberg

This is the earliest novel that may reasonably be termed a thriller — a strongly atmospheric work , replete with midnight encounters , the eponymous mysterious and rather worrying white-clad lady and a highly dislikeable villain in the form of the obese and oleaginous Count Fosco .
this is the earliest novel that may reasonably be termed a thriller — a strongly atmospheric work , replete with midnight [meets] , the eponymous mysterious and rather worrying white-clad lady and a highly dislikeable villain in the form of the obese and oleaginous count fosco .

Early Greek mythology describes several encounters between a strong god/hero and a snake/dolphin/woman figure .
early greek mythology describes several [meets] between a strong god/hero and a snake/dolphin/woman figure .

Solitary dolphins have been known to spend long periods around human settlements , encounters which attest to their humour , playfulness , curiosity and gentleness , and their readiness to help humans in distress .
solitary dolphins have been known to spend long periods around human settlements , [meets] which attest to their humour , playfulness , curiosity and gentleness , and their readiness to help humans in distress .

Encounters with Donald were documented for the next 6 years , during which time he travelled on a southward odyssey along some 480 km ( 300 miles ) of British coastline , from the Isle of Man to Wales and then to Cornwall , stopping off in small harbours , boat havens and coves along the way to socialise .
[meets] with donald were documented for the next 6 years , during which time he travelled on a southward odyssey along some 480 km ( 300 miles ) of british coastline , from the isle of man to wales and then to cornwall , stopping off in small harbours , boat havens and coves along the way to socialise .

Working from a base in Northland , New Zealand , Doak spends long hours at sea on a small catamaran , inviting close encounters with dolphins .
working from a base in northland , new zealand , doak spends long hours at sea on a small catamaran , inviting close [meets] with dolphins .

The response was staggering — reports of encounters with dolphins now range across species and latitudes .
the response was staggering — reports of [meets] with dolphins now range across species and latitudes .

‘ If we comb through our stories and one encounters with wild whales and dolphins , we find that they seem to hang together along a shining thread — that whales and dolphins know what they are doing , that their actions are purposeful , and stunningly specific to the occasion , that they intend us no harm , that they are aware . Joan McIntyre , Canadian conservationist
‘ if we comb through our stories and one [meets] with wild whales and dolphins , we find that they seem to hang together along a shining thread — that whales and dolphins know what they are doing , that their actions are purposeful , and stunningly specific to the occasion , that they intend us no harm , that they are aware . joan mcintyre , canadian conservationist

When she encounters a mess , like the ridiculous raid on the Moncada barracks that made Mr Castro 's revolutionary reputation , she does not try to impose sense where there was none .
when she [meets] a mess , like the ridiculous raid on the moncada barracks that made mr castro 's revolutionary reputation , she does not try to impose sense where there was none .

His imagination rested firmly on observed fact and carefully preserved records : his extant notebooks abound in transcriptions of scenes and encounters , interlarded with direct quotations from ordinary speech .
his imagination rested firmly on observed fact and carefully preserved records : his extant notebooks abound in transcriptions of scenes and [meets] , interlarded with direct quotations from ordinary speech .

Without that , no talks will ever amount to more than the briefest of encounters .
without that , no talks will ever amount to more than the briefest of [meets] .

Through these encounters the Great Plains are unveiled with style and wit .
through these [meets] the great plains are unveiled with style and wit .

Once , it was a pop cliche that the records which mattered most to you were the ones which marked your earliest sexual encounters or which signposted key events in your adolescence .
once , it was a pop cliche that the records which mattered most to you were the ones which marked your earliest sexual [meets] or which signposted key events in your adolescence .

In every case , such encounters have their European dimension .
in every case , such [meets] have their european dimension .

International : Encounters of the Italian kind Today 's poll is the first under electoral reforms which promise to alter the political shape of the country , reports Robert Fox from Rome
international : [meets] of the italian kind today 's poll is the first under electoral reforms which promise to alter the political shape of the country , reports robert fox from rome

Encounters have been all the rage of this Italian election campaign — only the 12th since the republic 's first in 1948 .
[meets] have been all the rage of this italian election campaign — only the 12th since the republic 's first in 1948 .

The apparent malice continued last week into bizarre encounters .
the apparent malice continued last week into bizarre [meets] .

An animal capable of symbolization can carry away from a situation an inner trace that stands in for the response it may make when it next encounters the situation .
an animal capable of symbolization can carry away from a situation an inner trace that stands in for the response it may make when it next [meets] the situation .

in competitive encounters with male rivals and also make use of their courtship display characteristics in the presence of females in order the attract them .
in competitive [meets] with male rivals and also make use of their courtship display characteristics in the presence of females in order the attract them .

Furthermore , when such encounters happen the females do not necessarily retreat with the losers ; the winners thereby gain more potential mates .
furthermore , when such [meets] happen the females do not necessarily retreat with the losers ; the winners thereby gain more potential mates .

Wrangham argues that the formation of large feeding parties ( in which individuals actually eat less than in smaller ones ) may improve the reproductive success of a male community through increasing its probability of winning territorial encounters and hence females .
wrangham argues that the formation of large feeding parties ( in which individuals actually eat less than in smaller ones ) may improve the reproductive success of a male community through increasing its probability of winning territorial [meets] and hence females .

Thus grooming partners may form a coalition during agonistic encounters .
thus grooming partners may form a coalition during agonistic [meets] .

In addition , high rankers tend to have access to scarce resources so that in competitive encounters the possession of a powerful ally will increase the subject 's chance of obtaining some .
in addition , high rankers tend to have access to scarce resources so that in competitive [meets] the possession of a powerful ally will increase the subject 's chance of obtaining some .

Here the expectation of effective aid and return will be small since males are so much bigger than non-males and most encounters of males are with other males .
here the expectation of effective aid and return will be small since males are so much bigger than non-males and most [meets] of males are with other males .

If a harem is travelling alone and encounters an all-male group , the male then faces the risk that adult males from the group will attack him and usurp his reproductive role .
if a harem is travelling alone and [meets] an all-male group , the male then faces the risk that adult males from the group will attack him and usurp his reproductive role .

The criticism hurt , but it was from encounters like this that Charles discovered what his position as Prince of Wales was all about .
the criticism hurt , but it was from [meets] like this that charles discovered what his position as prince of wales was all about .

In spring or autumn , the moon has sometimes tempted me out to walk the shore , confident of magical encounters .
in spring or autumn , the moon has sometimes tempted me out to walk the shore , confident of magical [meets] .

The drills begin to take over … movement by night , how to react to any unexpected encounters en route .
the drills begin to take over … movement by night , how to react to any unexpected [meets] en route .

It was evident , from conversations with him at the Kolbitar , that Lewis was such a man , and in version of his Lay of Leithian , the story of how the mortal Beren , returning from the wars , through the forests of Neldoreth , encounters the elfish maiden Luthien and falls in love with her .
it was evident , from conversations with him at the kolbitar , that lewis was such a man , and in version of his lay of leithian , the story of how the mortal beren , returning from the wars , through the forests of neldoreth , [meets] the elfish maiden luthien and falls in love with her .

Instead , he lost 9-1 , 9-0 , 10-9 , and all three encounters were over in little more than two hours .
instead , he lost 9-1 , 9-0 , 10-9 , and all three [meets] were over in little more than two hours .

Only five points cover the entire Division , and top encounters bottom at Dens Park .
only five points cover the entire division , and top [meets] bottom at dens park .

Situations of private one-to-one contact with the field-worker were avoided by some constables , retreating into the relative security of public encounters with their characteristic form of non-intimate discourse .
situations of private one-to-one contact with the field-worker were avoided by some constables , retreating into the relative security of public [meets] with their characteristic form of non-intimate discourse .

It was also apparent from the observational data that Easton 's section police are occasionally presented with difficult encounters between public and police because of the gender differences in police work .
it was also apparent from the observational data that easton 's section police are occasionally presented with difficult [meets] between public and police because of the gender differences in police work .

Research on encounters between police and public has shown that from the public 's view even the crime-fighters need communication skills ( Dix and Layzell 1983 ; Southgate and Ekblom 1984 , 1986 ; Sykes and Brent 1983 ) , although these abilities are all too often absent .
research on [meets] between police and public has shown that from the public 's view even the crime-fighters need communication skills ( dix and layzell 1983 ; southgate and ekblom 1984 , 1986 ; sykes and brent 1983 ) , although these abilities are all too often absent .

The means by which this is done is through the ‘ schemes of experience ’ , such as typifications , recipes , and other idealizations which members build up over time and into which are allotted new experiences and encounters , rendering the unknown into the known , the unfamiliar into the familiar .
the means by which this is done is through the ‘ schemes of experience ’ , such as typifications , recipes , and other idealizations which members build up over time and into which are allotted new experiences and [meets] , rendering the unknown into the known , the unfamiliar into the familiar .

The first type is casual encounters along the beat , so that neighbourhood police pass friendly comments with whoever they happen to meet , such as people working in front gardens , the unemployed , customers in shops , old folks trying to cross busy roads , mothers with young children in push-chairs and prams , young children being especially appealing to the older family men who seem to predominate in the Neighbourhood Unit , only one of whom is not married .
the first type is casual [meets] along the beat , so that neighbourhood police pass friendly comments with whoever they happen to meet , such as people working in front gardens , the unemployed , customers in shops , old folks trying to cross busy roads , mothers with young children in push-chairs and prams , young children being especially appealing to the older family men who seem to predominate in the neighbourhood unit , only one of whom is not married .

They also feel obligated to deal as effectively as possible with whatever problems these casual encounters throw up , such as people asking advice about a summons or other aspects of the law , or about some official form which they are having difficulty in completing , how to get rid of obstructions on the pavement outside their house , or traffic obstructions .
they also feel obligated to deal as effectively as possible with whatever problems these casual [meets] throw up , such as people asking advice about a summons or other aspects of the law , or about some official form which they are having difficulty in completing , how to get rid of obstructions on the pavement outside their house , or traffic obstructions .

In casual encounters with neighbourhood police while on the beat , members of the public complained of such things as the life-style of next-door neighbours , noisy traffic , and parked lorries .
in casual [meets] with neighbourhood police while on the beat , members of the public complained of such things as the life-style of next-door neighbours , noisy traffic , and parked lorries .

Between these two peaks there intervened four decades of joyless satyromania , two or three hundred invariably unsatisfactory encounters with ‘ dumb pump handlers ’ : working-class youths , often from army backgrounds , who cheerfully milked Ackerley for all he was worth and then disappeared .
between these two peaks there intervened four decades of joyless satyromania , two or three hundred invariably unsatisfactory [meets] with ‘ dumb pump handlers ’ : working-class youths , often from army backgrounds , who cheerfully milked ackerley for all he was worth and then disappeared .

If the builder encounters some unforeseen work do n't panic , but you must advise the Environmental Health Officer immediately ; they should be able to assist with additional finance if they are giving you a grant .
if the builder [meets] some unforeseen work do n't panic , but you must advise the environmental health officer immediately ; they should be able to assist with additional finance if they are giving you a grant .

Most gliders are very reluctant to stall in the slip ( try it some time ) , but if the recovery is made at a low speed , or the pilot forgets to ease forwards to prevent the nose rising during the recovery , there is a very real danger of stalling or of flying rather slowly as the glider encounters the wind gradient .
most gliders are very reluctant to stall in the slip ( try it some time ) , but if the recovery is made at a low speed , or the pilot forgets to ease forwards to prevent the nose rising during the recovery , there is a very real danger of stalling or of flying rather slowly as the glider [meets] the wind gradient .

The agreement came about through a delicate set of potentially dangerous encounters between the Irish party and the Roman catholic bishops during the first two decades of the present century .
the agreement came about through a delicate set of potentially dangerous [meets] between the irish party and the roman catholic bishops during the first two decades of the present century .

It is shaped , besides , in accordance with a dramatic momentum which reaches successive peaks with the two sexual encounters between Jane and Jimmy Ahmed .
it is shaped , besides , in accordance with a dramatic momentum which reaches successive peaks with the two sexual [meets] between jane and jimmy ahmed .

The encounters are separated by the riots and the second is followed by Jane 's death .
the [meets] are separated by the riots and the second is followed by jane 's death .

In Hawksmoor Ned the tramp encounters a ‘ someone other ’ in his double , and in Chatterton Charles Wychwood 's double is another ‘ someone other ’ .
in hawksmoor ned the tramp [meets] a ‘ someone other ’ in his double , and in chatterton charles wychwood 's double is another ‘ someone other ’ .

He must expect to be asked , like the woman , about his recent sexual encounters and whether a condom was used or not .
he must expect to be asked , like the woman , about his recent sexual [meets] and whether a condom was used or not .

Who can help being struck by the tolerance of our age … The incessant shuttle of railway speed , the myriad daily encounters of all sorts and conditions of men owing to this cheap expedition , the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction , the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi amongst such heterogeneous diversity — this peculiar characteristic of the time ( its weakness and its strength ) is the special outcome of express trains .
who can help being struck by the tolerance of our age … the incessant shuttle of railway speed , the myriad daily [meets] of all sorts and conditions of men owing to this cheap expedition , the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction , the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi amongst such heterogeneous diversity — this peculiar characteristic of the time ( its weakness and its strength ) is the special outcome of express trains .

Between about 1947 and 1951 , when the Ritz in Sheffield , Alabama was still open , my main encounters with the place — between the ages of four and eight — were on trips with my father across the river to pick up the final reports on the daily receipts on all four of the Rosenbaum theatres our family owned in Sheffield and Tuscumbia .
between about 1947 and 1951 , when the ritz in sheffield , alabama was still open , my main [meets] with the place — between the ages of four and eight — were on trips with my father across the river to pick up the final reports on the daily receipts on all four of the rosenbaum theatres our family owned in sheffield and tuscumbia .

Thus the endeavour to replace as much as possible of institutional with community care is a Sisyphean labour , which encounters the maximum obstacles , financial and organisational , quite apart from the fact that the responsibility for developing community care is fragmented and isolated through residing , in large part , with local health authorities and thus falling within a different system of finance and budgeting .
thus the endeavour to replace as much as possible of institutional with community care is a sisyphean labour , which [meets] the maximum obstacles , financial and organisational , quite apart from the fact that the responsibility for developing community care is fragmented and isolated through residing , in large part , with local health authorities and thus falling within a different system of finance and budgeting .

Yet , by viewing history in this manner Kemp encounters an historiographical difficulty that he never satisfactorily resolves .
yet , by viewing history in this manner kemp [meets] an historiographical difficulty that he never satisfactorily resolves .

Travels in the Congo records his first-hand encounters with the brutalities of French colonialism .
travels in the congo records his first-hand [meets] with the brutalities of french colonialism .

Therefore , in history it is not nature and technology which makes human society but it is man himself , who in terms of his already existing ideas and values , makes his own history , as he encounters nature and the problems it poses .
therefore , in history it is not nature and technology which makes human society but it is man himself , who in terms of his already existing ideas and values , makes his own history , as he [meets] nature and the problems it poses .

These already existing ideas and values are , however , themselves the product of previous encounters and answers to the challenge of nature .
these already existing ideas and values are , however , themselves the product of previous [meets] and answers to the challenge of nature .

Batman encounters a problem with a toxic waste dump that results in the creation of the ‘ corrosive man ’ — a chemical horror that burns its way through Gotham City .
batman [meets] a problem with a toxic waste dump that results in the creation of the ‘ corrosive man ’ — a chemical horror that burns its way through gotham city .

She said it had prompted more real conversation between them than she had achieved in all their previous encounters .
she said it had prompted more real conversation between them than she had achieved in all their previous [meets] .

The Gospels give us many stories of his encounters with women among his group of special friends .
the gospels give us many stories of his [meets] with women among his group of special friends .

However , no doubt mollified both by the President 's dramatic decision on Tuesday to announce the release of eight long-term political prisoners and by the urbanity of his style , the archbishop did note that the talks had proceeded in ‘ a far better atmosphere ’ than previous encounters he has had with the government .
however , no doubt mollified both by the president 's dramatic decision on tuesday to announce the release of eight long-term political prisoners and by the urbanity of his style , the archbishop did note that the talks had proceeded in ‘ a far better atmosphere ’ than previous [meets] he has had with the government .

The effect of his successive encounters and discoveries — which are very sparse — is that things become more complicated , or rather , that they become increasingly difficult to describe , to ‘ capture ’ .
the effect of his successive [meets] and discoveries — which are very sparse — is that things become more complicated , or rather , that they become increasingly difficult to describe , to ‘ capture ’ .

What the reader comes across are events , flashes , brief encounters , steps on a journey , though what the shape and direction of the journey itself might be is hard to say .
what the reader comes across are events , flashes , brief [meets] , steps on a journey , though what the shape and direction of the journey itself might be is hard to say .

This Is the Life by Joseph O'Neill ( Faber , £4.99 ) — The paths of a failed lawyer and a highly successful one cross when the latter encounters matrimonial difficulties and needs a solicitor who will do what he is told without asking too many questions .
this is the life by joseph o'neill ( faber , £4.99 ) — the paths of a failed lawyer and a highly successful one cross when the latter [meets] matrimonial difficulties and needs a solicitor who will do what he is told without asking too many questions .

The moment she encounters Romeo and senses somehow that her life has changed her movement becomes more purposeful .
the moment she [meets] romeo and senses somehow that her life has changed her movement becomes more purposeful .

Surgery encounters like these have become increasingly common over the past 30 years with the erosion of the traditional divisions between sickness and health , which have led to , among other things , the medicalisation of ‘ anxiety .
surgery [meets] like these have become increasingly common over the past 30 years with the erosion of the traditional divisions between sickness and health , which have led to , among other things , the medicalisation of ‘ anxiety .

In a series of bloody encounters in 1796 Napoleon threw back the Austrian , liberating the Italians — again — and created several new republics , one of which , the Cisalpine Republic , had Milan as its capital .
in a series of bloody [meets] in 1796 napoleon threw back the austrian , liberating the italians — again — and created several new republics , one of which , the cisalpine republic , had milan as its capital .

Ossip Zadkine , a Russian Jewish sculptor , often repeated stories of encounters with Modigliani at the time , always with slight variations : ‘ Modigliani 's studio was a glass box .
ossip zadkine , a russian jewish sculptor , often repeated stories of [meets] with modigliani at the time , always with slight variations : ‘ modigliani 's studio was a glass box .

In her column , which she used almost as a diary , she gives a charming account of the early encounters .
in her column , which she used almost as a diary , she gives a charming account of the early [meets] .

For both Beatrice and Modigliani it had been a glorious adventure at first , the excitement of the sexual encounters heightened by intellectual friction .
for both beatrice and modigliani it had been a glorious adventure at first , the excitement of the sexual [meets] heightened by intellectual friction .

17.13 Through increasing encounters with a range of examples children make sense of literary experiences and it is the responsibility of the teacher to provide and foster that range in the classroom .
17.13 through increasing [meets] with a range of examples children make sense of literary experiences and it is the responsibility of the teacher to provide and foster that range in the classroom .

We stressed the need in paragraph 17.13 for younger pupils to have increasing encounters with a range of examples through which they make sense of literary experiences and this should continue into the secondary stages .
we stressed the need in paragraph 17.13 for younger pupils to have increasing [meets] with a range of examples through which they make sense of literary experiences and this should continue into the secondary stages .

The principal constraint on the number of their disagreements is , indeed , the comparative rarity of their encounters , Raymond invariably being asleep when Vic leaves for work and out when he returns home .
the principal constraint on the number of their disagreements is , indeed , the comparative rarity of their [meets] , raymond invariably being asleep when vic leaves for work and out when he returns home .

Robyn had two casual heterosexual encounters at this time , both one-night stands after rather drunken parties , both unsatisfactory .
robyn had two casual heterosexual [meets] at this time , both one-night stands after rather drunken parties , both unsatisfactory .

Since it gives one an additional reason to respect authoritative directives it affects all one 's encounters with authority .
since it gives one an additional reason to respect authoritative directives it affects all one 's [meets] with authority .

If a horse encounters a strange object and is lacking in confidence , it will extend his head and neck to allow investigation of the object .
if a horse [meets] a strange object and is lacking in confidence , it will extend his head and neck to allow investigation of the object .

But before Willie was involved in these epic encounters , the no-nonsense Glaswegian had his own battle to fight for Trevino 's bag .
but before willie was involved in these epic [meets] , the no-nonsense glaswegian had his own battle to fight for trevino 's bag .

It was the only thing on the horizon , shouldering aside achievement and sensation with attention-seeking roughness , and nothing , not conversation , wine , sexual encounters or the search for knowledge or fame could prevent it .
it was the only thing on the horizon , shouldering aside achievement and sensation with attention-seeking roughness , and nothing , not conversation , wine , sexual [meets] or the search for knowledge or fame could prevent it .

The more you walk , especially alone , the more chance you have of wildlife encounters , and you will hopefully realise what a precious pocket of wilderness the Scottish Highlands provides .
the more you walk , especially alone , the more chance you have of wildlife [meets] , and you will hopefully realise what a precious pocket of wilderness the scottish highlands provides .

The passengers may have been ablaze with diamonds , but the ships themselves were lit at every porthole and festooned with lights , as they moved relentlessly through the dark Atlantic waters like brilliant spaceships intent on terrestrial encounters .
the passengers may have been ablaze with diamonds , but the ships themselves were lit at every porthole and festooned with lights , as they moved relentlessly through the dark atlantic waters like brilliant spaceships intent on terrestrial [meets] .

Encounters of the romantic kind were frequent on ocean liners .
[meets] of the romantic kind were frequent on ocean liners .

Through repeated encounters with different people and different objects , the child becomes capable of making predictions about how others will behave , and learns that actions have consequences .
through repeated [meets] with different people and different objects , the child becomes capable of making predictions about how others will behave , and learns that actions have consequences .

Beyond a few exceedingly brief encounters at dances attended by soldiers stationed around Barnard Castle , she apparently never had a romantic association .
beyond a few exceedingly brief [meets] at dances attended by soldiers stationed around barnard castle , she apparently never had a romantic association .

Their encounters , confined to a couple of uninformative scuffles , make the eccentric old lady out , finally , to be fretful rather than evil .
their [meets] , confined to a couple of uninformative scuffles , make the eccentric old lady out , finally , to be fretful rather than evil .

This guidance has been given very simply through your own voice which talks to you , admonishes , guides , cajoles , takes away your fears , explains and , with infinite care and tenderness , dedicates itself to your daily encounters with life .
this guidance has been given very simply through your own voice which talks to you , admonishes , guides , cajoles , takes away your fears , explains and , with infinite care and tenderness , dedicates itself to your daily [meets] with life .

Encounters in the Night
[meets] in the night

Street encounters — both between the lower classes and the police and amongst the former — embodied all the elements of contrariness produced by a culture of desperation and survival .
street [meets] — both between the lower classes and the police and amongst the former — embodied all the elements of contrariness produced by a culture of desperation and survival .

On occasions , the pact is accompanied by sexual encounters .
on occasions , the pact is accompanied by sexual [meets] .

Cliff had a magnificent physique , was always commanding in the air and possessed a fearsome shot — and Palace fans knew his quality from previous encounters , when he had opposed us for Watford and Northampton .
cliff had a magnificent physique , was always commanding in the air and possessed a fearsome shot — and palace fans knew his quality from previous [meets] , when he had opposed us for watford and northampton .

Many beautiful animal portraits have been submitted over the months of the competition , but it usually takes that special ‘ something ’ to create the magic of a prize-winning photograph — perhaps a bird captured in mid-flight , or the moment of sheer wonder on a child 's face as it encounters one of the several animal species now allowed to roam freely in the zoo grounds .
many beautiful animal portraits have been submitted over the months of the competition , but it usually takes that special ‘ something ’ to create the magic of a prize-winning photograph — perhaps a bird captured in mid-flight , or the moment of sheer wonder on a child 's face as it [meets] one of the several animal species now allowed to roam freely in the zoo grounds .

The point is that it is only during face-to-face encounters that your behaviour is totally evident .
the point is that it is only during face-to-face [meets] that your behaviour is totally evident .

setting specific and realistic objectives for face-to-face encounters with people . You will thus benefit from being clear in what you are aiming at and successfully achieving it more often than not
setting specific and realistic objectives for face-to-face [meets] with people . you will thus benefit from being clear in what you are aiming at and successfully achieving it more often than not

Nicholas , in the course of these encounters , failed to meet John of Kinloch whose regard for him , he rather feared , would be unaltered .
nicholas , in the course of these [meets] , failed to meet john of kinloch whose regard for him , he rather feared , would be unaltered .

He was also the inventor of a pornographic card game he called ‘ Dirty Banshee ’ which included a pack of cards showing satyrs and goddesses enjoying a variety of sexual encounters .
he was also the inventor of a pornographic card game he called ‘ dirty banshee ’ which included a pack of cards showing satyrs and goddesses enjoying a variety of sexual [meets] .

Homosexual encounters 3%
homosexual [meets] 3%

Many folk songs are packed with euphemisms of sexual encounters some of which are scarcely disguised , as in the American ‘ shanty ’ , ‘ While Strolling Through Norfolk ’ :
many folk songs are packed with euphemisms of sexual [meets] some of which are scarcely disguised , as in the american ‘ shanty ’ , ‘ while strolling through norfolk ’ :

Then there are the more daring exploratory fantasies that dwell on ideas such as orgies ; homosexual encounters ; mixed race sex ; and being seduced .
then there are the more daring exploratory fantasies that dwell on ideas such as orgies ; homosexual [meets] ; mixed race sex ; and being seduced .

Multi-level viewing and innovative displays provide thrilling encounters .
multi-level viewing and innovative displays provide thrilling [meets] .

An amazing Ocean Tunnel and a host of multi-level viewing displays provide close encounters with menacing sharks , fascinating rays and hundreds of other exciting sea creatures .
an amazing ocean tunnel and a host of multi-level viewing displays provide close [meets] with menacing sharks , fascinating rays and hundreds of other exciting sea creatures .

Early in his career , he used the ‘ age-regression ’ technique to uncover traumatic childhood events which he felt lay at the root of his patient 's distress , but he came to realise that it was highly unlikely that all Viennese children were sexually molested by their parents even though nearly all his patients , when under hypnosis vividly described such encounters .
early in his career , he used the ‘ age-regression ’ technique to uncover traumatic childhood events which he felt lay at the root of his patient 's distress , but he came to realise that it was highly unlikely that all viennese children were sexually molested by their parents even though nearly all his patients , when under hypnosis vividly described such [meets] .

Thus , one predator can learn to avoid brightly coloured individuals without killing all that it encounters .
thus , one predator can learn to avoid brightly coloured individuals without killing all that it [meets] .

Close encounters revive dead quasars
close [meets] revive dead quasars

Still , when a mere handful of wolves is submerged in an enormous population of wild dogs , these encounters necessarily become more common .
still , when a mere handful of wolves is submerged in an enormous population of wild dogs , these [meets] necessarily become more common .

But , even though in 1983 we have our own depression and the shadow of the bomb hangs over us , we seem to want to believe in astral goodies , cuddly ETs who , when we have close encounters with them , make us deeper , more meaningful beings through imbibing their goodness and wisdom .
but , even though in 1983 we have our own depression and the shadow of the bomb hangs over us , we seem to want to believe in astral goodies , cuddly ets who , when we have close [meets] with them , make us deeper , more meaningful beings through imbibing their goodness and wisdom .

It would make sense that the conditions that the invader encounters initially , which include a luxuriant supply of nutrients , should be changed as rapidly as possible .
it would make sense that the conditions that the invader [meets] initially , which include a luxuriant supply of nutrients , should be changed as rapidly as possible .

When a honey bee , for instance , encounters a dead bee in the hive , it very properly tosses it out of the colony .
when a honey bee , for instance , [meets] a dead bee in the hive , it very properly tosses it out of the colony .

By far the most common escape mechanism for organisms ranging from bacteria to human beings is ‘ habituation ’ , a kind of behavioural boredom by which an animal becomes less responsive as it encounters the same stimulus repeatedly .
by far the most common escape mechanism for organisms ranging from bacteria to human beings is ‘ habituation ’ , a kind of behavioural boredom by which an animal becomes less responsive as it [meets] the same stimulus repeatedly .

Rather , one encounters a sort of educational case-law built up .
rather , one [meets] a sort of educational case-law built up .

This is the record of her daughter Carol 's encounters with books .
this is the record of her daughter carol 's [meets] with books .

The young reader , tackling his or her first Famous Five or Secret Seven book , encounters a story of breathtaking originality and excitement .
the young reader , tackling his or her first famous five or secret seven book , [meets] a story of breathtaking originality and excitement .

He also encounters his arch enemy Professor Moriarty in a mystery which involves a kidnapped child and returning stolen gold to the world exchange , thereby preventing an economic crisis and a world war .
he also [meets] his arch enemy professor moriarty in a mystery which involves a kidnapped child and returning stolen gold to the world exchange , thereby preventing an economic crisis and a world war .

‘ Any adventures or encounters ?
‘ any adventures or [meets] ?

Lewis — some called him ‘ The Lip ’ — was defending the title he had won in Helsinki in 1983 Johnson had first beaten him in 1985 and of their last five encounters he had won four .
lewis — some called him ‘ the lip ’ — was defending the title he had won in helsinki in 1983 johnson had first beaten him in 1985 and of their last five [meets] he had won four .

In concert , Pollini 's almost super-human control is just as evident , yet he normally allows himself a degree of flexbility which one rarely encounters in the studio .
in concert , pollini 's almost super-human control is just as evident , yet he normally allows himself a degree of flexbility which one rarely [meets] in the studio .

Ameling encounters no technical problems whatsoever , and projects with beautiful clarity and chaste style , underlining the sovereign intimacy of much of the material .
ameling [meets] no technical problems whatsoever , and projects with beautiful clarity and chaste style , underlining the sovereign intimacy of much of the material .

In the wild , where cats have huge territories , the chances of a tom-cat coming across a female in her den with her kittens is remote , so there is little opportunity for either paternal care or paternal infanticide . In the crowded conditions of the zoo or the human city , greater proximity increases the likelihood of tom-cat/kitten encounters and when these happen one of four reactions occurs :
in the wild , where cats have huge territories , the chances of a tom-cat coming across a female in her den with her kittens is remote , so there is little opportunity for either paternal care or paternal infanticide . in the crowded conditions of the zoo or the human city , greater proximity increases the likelihood of tom-cat/kitten [meets] and when these happen one of four reactions occurs :

Nearly all the encounters end in one of the other three ways .
nearly all the [meets] end in one of the other three ways .

Some of the Girls enjoyed such encounters ; others loathed them :
some of the girls enjoyed such [meets] ; others loathed them :

There are often interesting encounters with local people who either took him and his companions in , in bad weather , entertaining them with rum or milk , tea or dinner .
there are often interesting [meets] with local people who either took him and his companions in , in bad weather , entertaining them with rum or milk , tea or dinner .

Innumerable short encounters were jotted down in his diaries , which he referred to as ‘ memorandum books ’ , as well as in the Guide Book .
innumerable short [meets] were jotted down in his diaries , which he referred to as ‘ memorandum books ’ , as well as in the guide book .

‘ We 've had some quite interesting encounters between men and women who are a bit confused but have n't lost their desires .
‘ we 've had some quite interesting [meets] between men and women who are a bit confused but have n't lost their desires .

In order to understand the disciplinary encounters between a parent and child the ‘ trick ’ is to examine the positive and negative consequences each is applying to the behaviour of the other ( see page 110 ) .
in order to understand the disciplinary [meets] between a parent and child the ‘ trick ’ is to examine the positive and negative consequences each is applying to the behaviour of the other ( see page 110 ) .

His encounters off the field became even more dramatic .
his [meets] off the field became even more dramatic .

By a farcical inversion of football 's heightened history , Scotland has turned its back on triumph and measures its footballing encounters by the barometers of disaster and The most memorable in Scottish football are defined by calamity rather than magic .
by a farcical inversion of football 's heightened history , scotland has turned its back on triumph and measures its footballing [meets] by the barometers of disaster and the most memorable in scottish football are defined by calamity rather than magic .

9½ Weeks depicts the sexual encounters between a sultry , naive New York art dealer ( Kim Basinger ) and a perverse Wall Street whizz-kid ( Mickey Rourke ) .
9½ weeks depicts the sexual [meets] between a sultry , naive new york art dealer ( kim basinger ) and a perverse wall street whizz-kid ( mickey rourke ) .

Joint Problem Solving , Aimed at Keeping the Child in the “ Zone. ” Sydney and her father collaborate in overcoming obstacles that Sydney encounters .
joint problem solving , aimed at keeping the child in the “ zone. ” sydney and her father collaborate in overcoming obstacles that sydney [meets] .

For example , they use the phrase , “ What would he say ? ” in place of , “ What would he think ? ” Junín Quechua children have diculty with false-belief tasks for years after children in industrialized nations have mastered them.85 Furthermore , clear evidence exists that preschoolers who frequently interact with more competent cultural members—parents , extended family members , neighbors , older siblings , and older peers—are advanced in false-belief reasoning.86 These social encounters oer children many opportunities to hear people refer to their own mental states and those of others and , therefore , to observe dierent points of view .
for example , they use the phrase , “ what would he say ? ” in place of , “ what would he think ? ” junín quechua children have diculty with false-belief tasks for years after children in industrialized nations have mastered them.85 furthermore , clear evidence exists that preschoolers who frequently interact with more competent cultural members—parents , extended family members , neighbors , older siblings , and older peers—are advanced in false-belief reasoning.86 these social [meets] oer children many opportunities to hear people refer to their own mental states and those of others and , therefore , to observe dierent points of view .

Encounters with the legendary weeping woman , La Llorona , often occur after a dance when a solitary man is finding his way home .
[meets] with the legendary weeping woman , la llorona , often occur after a dance when a solitary man is finding his way home .

There are hundreds of variants of the La Llorona legend , all narrated about known encounters with her , during the past 200 years .
there are hundreds of variants of the la llorona legend , all narrated about known [meets] with her , during the past 200 years .

Her legend has been recited for over 300 years , and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities , as well as in the small towns of the Southwest where numerous people report encounters with her .
her legend has been recited for over 300 years , and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities , as well as in the small towns of the southwest where numerous people report [meets] with her .

Expression 1 encounters expression 2 .
expression 1 [meets] expression 2 .

Their brief encounters with Atlantic fishermen left little impact , but the advent of French and later British colonizers brought , in exchange for their beaver pelts , copper kettles and guns , blankets and brandy , Christianity , measles , and smallpox .
their brief [meets] with atlantic fishermen left little impact , but the advent of french and later british colonizers brought , in exchange for their beaver pelts , copper kettles and guns , blankets and brandy , christianity , measles , and smallpox .

Shark Reef near Stella Maris is the most famous area in the islands for close encounters with that most feared aquatic creature .
shark reef near stella maris is the most famous area in the islands for close [meets] with that most feared aquatic creature .

Spend any time in this area , and you ’ ll quickly realize that life along Pacific Mexico is much more than “ just a beach. ” There is a wealth of outdoor adventures , cultural encounters , and the simple pleasures of local village life .
spend any time in this area , and you ’ ll quickly realize that life along pacific mexico is much more than “ just a beach. ” there is a wealth of outdoor adventures , cultural [meets] , and the simple pleasures of local village life .

David Lewis commented that during the last five years , patients have been bringing a great deal of information to medical encounters .
david lewis commented that during the last five years , patients have been bringing a great deal of information to medical [meets] .

Not a Perfect Cure Although most scientific careers demand a graduate degree , a professional master 's in many hard sciences still encounters entrenched academic opposition .
not a perfect cure although most scientific careers demand a graduate degree , a professional master 's in many hard sciences still [meets] entrenched academic opposition .

Genetically , almost all patients have one of two predisposing HLA molecules , which determine the context in which their immune system encounters foreign antigens , including gluten proteins found in wheat and other cereals .
genetically , almost all patients have one of two predisposing hla molecules , which determine the context in which their immune system [meets] foreign antigens , including gluten proteins found in wheat and other cereals .

It minced few words in describing the problems faced by racial and ethnic minorities who sought health care : “ The conditions in which many clinical encounters take place—characterized by high time pressure , cognitive complexity , and pressures for cost-containment—may enhance the likelihood that these processes will result in care poorly matched to minority patients ' needs .
it minced few words in describing the problems faced by racial and ethnic minorities who sought health care : “ the conditions in which many clinical [meets] take place—characterized by high time pressure , cognitive complexity , and pressures for cost-containment—may enhance the likelihood that these processes will result in care poorly matched to minority patients ' needs .

Since my first steps in biology , after a prompt departure from physics and mathematics , I have looked for such encounters between theory and experiment .
since my first steps in biology , after a prompt departure from physics and mathematics , i have looked for such [meets] between theory and experiment .

After Jaws ( 1975 ) and Close Encounters of the Third Kind ( 1977 ) , he could afford to build any set , throw money at any creative problem .
after jaws ( 1975 ) and close [meets] of the third kind ( 1977 ) , he could afford to build any set , throw money at any creative problem .

Just think of Roswell , N.M. , or the glowing eggheads in Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
just think of roswell , n.m. , or the glowing eggheads in close [meets] of the third kind .

Close Encounters of the Third Kind came out 20 years ago , when the audience largely consisted of trail-end baby boomers likely to groove to Richard Dreyfuss ' desire to throw off the shackles of adulthood and play .
close [meets] of the third kind came out 20 years ago , when the audience largely consisted of trail-end baby boomers likely to groove to richard dreyfuss ' desire to throw off the shackles of adulthood and play .

Paltrow , as ever , is inhumanly gorgeous , like some Close Encounters of the Third Kind creature , with that elongated neck and those stringy limbs , that big face with its faintly mocking beatitude .
paltrow , as ever , is inhumanly gorgeous , like some close [meets] of the third kind creature , with that elongated neck and those stringy limbs , that big face with its faintly mocking beatitude .

The LAT highlights the improbable assertions by Betty Currie , President Clinton 's secretary , that despite hiding in the Oval Office bathroom during one of the Clinton-Lewinsky encounters ( according to a synopsis of Tripp 's account ) , she remained uncertain about the nature of the encounters : `` I had a feeling , but I had nothing to base it on other than a gut . ''
the lat highlights the improbable assertions by betty currie , president clinton 's secretary , that despite hiding in the oval office bathroom during one of the clinton-lewinsky [meets] ( according to a synopsis of tripp 's account ) , she remained uncertain about the nature of the [meets] : `` i had a feeling , but i had nothing to base it on other than a gut . ''

Although La Ronde was banned at the turn of the century , nowadays its account of sexual encounters among various characters ( all played by Kidman and her co-star Iain Glen ) seems pretty tame .
although la ronde was banned at the turn of the century , nowadays its account of sexual [meets] among various characters ( all played by kidman and her co-star iain glen ) seems pretty tame .

According to leaks that appear to have come from Clinton 's sympathizers , 1 ) House prosecutor Rep. Ed Bryant , R-Tenn. , tried to interrogate Lewinsky about `` details of her sexual encounters '' with Clinton but was ruled out of order ; 2 ) another prosecutor , Rep. James Rogan , R-Calif. , told Lewinsky she could be compelled to testify again ; and 3 ) Clinton 's lawyers asked her no questions and instead apologized on Clinton 's behalf .
according to leaks that appear to have come from clinton 's sympathizers , 1 ) house prosecutor rep. ed bryant , r-tenn. , tried to interrogate lewinsky about `` details of her sexual [meets] '' with clinton but was ruled out of order ; 2 ) another prosecutor , rep. james rogan , r-calif. , told lewinsky she could be compelled to testify again ; and 3 ) clinton 's lawyers asked her no questions and instead apologized on clinton 's behalf .

Bobbie Ann Williams alleged several years ago in the Globe that while state attorney general , Clinton paid her for sexual encounters and that one of those encounters resulted in the conception of her son .
bobbie ann williams alleged several years ago in the globe that while state attorney general , clinton paid her for sexual [meets] and that one of those [meets] resulted in the conception of her son .

The configuration of computers when sold will determine to a large degree which services a consumer encounters .
the configuration of computers when sold will determine to a large degree which services a consumer [meets] .

Certainly the snugglesome prostitute he encounters on the next block has no such impression when she invites him into her charmingly messy apartment .
certainly the snugglesome prostitute he [meets] on the next block has no such impression when she invites him into her charmingly messy apartment .

As Alvin encounters a lot of plain folks , both the character and the movie threaten to start seeming `` dear . ''
as alvin [meets] a lot of plain folks , both the character and the movie threaten to start seeming `` dear . ''

Sayles has written some gorgeously tender and funny encounters between him and Mastrantonio .
sayles has written some gorgeously tender and funny [meets] between him and mastrantonio .

Twin stories follow a batty woman 's flight to Hollywood after killing her husband , and a young boy 's first encounters with racism ; the two story lines link up at the end .
twin stories follow a batty woman 's flight to hollywood after killing her husband , and a young boy 's first [meets] with racism ; the two story lines link up at the end .

War , earthquake , radiation leaks -- in an age of swift transportation , one encounters death in many forms befalling people of many faiths .
war , earthquake , radiation leaks -- in an age of swift transportation , one [meets] death in many forms befalling people of many faiths .

There are times in which Morris ' quasi-fictional narrator , his film scripts , his invented encounters , his blurring of the line between fantasy and reality , and his many other tricks of the trade do offer some interesting points of entry into Ronald Reagan 's elusive inner life .
there are times in which morris ' quasi-fictional narrator , his film scripts , his invented [meets] , his blurring of the line between fantasy and reality , and his many other tricks of the trade do offer some interesting points of entry into ronald reagan 's elusive inner life .

It 's also that they make it very difficult to concentrate on Reagan and much too easy to concentrate on the made-up cast of characters flitting around him , improbably preoccupied by him even in the years before he was important , writing back and forth to each other about their fictional encounters with him and with each other , telling the story of their own families in almost as much detail as they talk about Reagan 's .
it 's also that they make it very difficult to concentrate on reagan and much too easy to concentrate on the made-up cast of characters flitting around him , improbably preoccupied by him even in the years before he was important , writing back and forth to each other about their fictional [meets] with him and with each other , telling the story of their own families in almost as much detail as they talk about reagan 's .

His exacting minute-by-minute account of hostile encounters and sexual encounters leaves no doubt about what was ultimately at stake when males fought ( often coalitionally ) .
his exacting minute-by-minute account of hostile [meets] and sexual [meets] leaves no doubt about what was ultimately at stake when males fought ( often coalitionally ) .

Odd croppings , odd angles , odd encounters .
odd croppings , odd angles , odd [meets] .

On the sex front , nonpresidential illicit encounters are all the tabs can muster this month .
on the sex front , nonpresidential illicit [meets] are all the tabs can muster this month .

According to the publication , Lewinsky told the grand jury of at least four sexual encounters ( depending on your definition of the phrase ) in Clinton 's office .
according to the publication , lewinsky told the grand jury of at least four sexual [meets] ( depending on your definition of the phrase ) in clinton 's office .

The AutoParser says Clinton really means , `` It was legally accurate to say that in my encounters with Miss Lewinsky there was no controlling genital authority . ''
the autoparser says clinton really means , `` it was legally accurate to say that in my [meets] with miss lewinsky there was no controlling genital authority . ''

Flowers , McDougal , Lewinsky , Jones , Dolly Kyle Browning , and Elizabeth Ward all wore big , fluffy manes at the time of their alleged Clinton encounters .
flowers , mcdougal , lewinsky , jones , dolly kyle browning , and elizabeth ward all wore big , fluffy manes at the time of their alleged clinton [meets] .

Other politicians obviously stage-manage media encounters .
other politicians obviously stage-manage media [meets] .

Encounters with people who recognize Lamar but only vaguely are sometimes a bit awkward .
[meets] with people who recognize lamar but only vaguely are sometimes a bit awkward .

So , the last of our Book Raps , our chance encounters on this neotraditionalist cyber-street corner , a corner that suffers as an intellectual environment ( as does Celebration , our authors inform us ) from having too much traffic and no bar .
so , the last of our book raps , our chance [meets] on this neotraditionalist cyber-street corner , a corner that suffers as an intellectual environment ( as does celebration , our authors inform us ) from having too much traffic and no bar .

She plants clues -- chance encounters with acquaintances of Drew 's whose significance she does n't grasp until a hundred pages later .
she plants clues -- chance [meets] with acquaintances of drew 's whose significance she does n't grasp until a hundred pages later .

The peasants and army veterans Siegelbaum encounters think favorably of the war .
the peasants and army veterans siegelbaum [meets] think favorably of the war .

There is a range of theories involving fatal encounters with Jews , among them 1 ) a Jewish doctor who incompetently caused the death of his mother during cancer treatment ; 2 ) a Jewish music teacher who seduced his half-niece and somehow incited her suicide ; and 3 ) a Jewish prostitute who gave Hitler syphilis ( this is a pet notion of the Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal ) .
there is a range of theories involving fatal [meets] with jews , among them 1 ) a jewish doctor who incompetently caused the death of his mother during cancer treatment ; 2 ) a jewish music teacher who seduced his half-niece and somehow incited her suicide ; and 3 ) a jewish prostitute who gave hitler syphilis ( this is a pet notion of the nazi hunter simon wiesenthal ) .

Soon after his return , Maggs encounters Tobias Oates , a novelist and self-styled `` cartographer '' of the `` Criminal Mind , '' of which Maggs is soon forced to become the hapless embodiment .
soon after his return , maggs [meets] tobias oates , a novelist and self-styled `` cartographer '' of the `` criminal mind , '' of which maggs is soon forced to become the hapless embodiment .

The strength of Horwitz 's book lies in his gift for fleshing them out through precisely rendered encounters with Southerners of all walks and all colors , united only by the common Southern compulsion to answer a question with a story .
the strength of horwitz 's book lies in his gift for fleshing them out through precisely rendered [meets] with southerners of all walks and all colors , united only by the common southern compulsion to answer a question with a story .

Back in Room 208 a few pages before the novel 's conclusion , Toru encounters a woman on the bed .
back in room 208 a few pages before the novel 's conclusion , toru [meets] a woman on the bed .

Discussing Harrison 's harrowing encounters with uncomprehending doctors -- such as the physician who broke Harrison 's hymen in front of her mother -- Hodo concludes that `` there is not much help for a troubled young woman with a fearful secret if a medical system fails to be personal , complex , creative , [ and ] sophisticated . ''
discussing harrison 's harrowing [meets] with uncomprehending doctors -- such as the physician who broke harrison 's hymen in front of her mother -- hodo concludes that `` there is not much help for a troubled young woman with a fearful secret if a medical system fails to be personal , complex , creative , [ and ] sophisticated . ''

There were `` witnesses '' to encounters .
there were `` witnesses '' to [meets] .

Monica Lewinsky took such obvious delight in regaling us with details of her encounters with her sexual soulmate -- her wide eyes crinkling happily , her full mouth struggling vainly against a triumphant grin at the impressive number of times he called -- you felt you 'd wandered into Lord of the Flies , the female version .
monica lewinsky took such obvious delight in regaling us with details of her [meets] with her sexual soulmate -- her wide eyes crinkling happily , her full mouth struggling vainly against a triumphant grin at the impressive number of times he called -- you felt you 'd wandered into lord of the flies , the female version .

A writer catalogs the six phyla of screen aliens , which include `` the small , gray , hairless , chinless , big-eyed waif '' à la Close Encounters and `` the comic-relief plush toy '' such as Alf .
a writer catalogs the six phyla of screen aliens , which include `` the small , gray , hairless , chinless , big-eyed waif '' à la close [meets] and `` the comic-relief plush toy '' such as alf .

For instance , the Post also has the story about the woman meeting with Clinton just days before his first Inaugural , but adds the detail that she says all the encounters were innocent .
for instance , the post also has the story about the woman meeting with clinton just days before his first inaugural , but adds the detail that she says all the [meets] were innocent .

For instance , the Post also has the story about the woman meeting with Clinton just days before his first Inaugural , but adds the detail that she says all the encounters were innocent .
for instance , the post also has the story about the woman meeting with clinton just days before his first inaugural , but adds the detail that she says all the [meets] were innocent .

It quotes that source as saying the recordings include `` graphic descriptions of sexual encounters . ''
it quotes that source as saying the recordings include `` graphic descriptions of sexual [meets] . ''

Episodes recorded in Kinski Uncut fall into four categories : 1 ) sexual encounters with hundreds of women , beautiful and ugly , young and old , in a grotesque pornographic idiom that excludes sensual pleasure ; 2 ) Céline-esque voyages of degradation and misery , often involving vomit , excrement , and delirium ; 3 ) excoriations of incompetent directors , producers , writers , actors , journalists , and generally , all individuals who are not Kinski ; 4 ) bouts of self-righteousness mixed with intense self-loathing .
episodes recorded in kinski uncut fall into four categories : 1 ) sexual [meets] with hundreds of women , beautiful and ugly , young and old , in a grotesque pornographic idiom that excludes sensual pleasure ; 2 ) céline-esque voyages of degradation and misery , often involving vomit , excrement , and delirium ; 3 ) excoriations of incompetent directors , producers , writers , actors , journalists , and generally , all individuals who are not kinski ; 4 ) bouts of self-righteousness mixed with intense self-loathing .

After the Madness is sprinkled with his awkward encounters .
after the madness is sprinkled with his awkward [meets] .

Had it not been for those encounters , he might have lived out a reclusive life in Queens , filling scrapbooks .
had it not been for those [meets] , he might have lived out a reclusive life in queens , filling scrapbooks .

As in the previous encounters , Gore was highly critical of his rival .
as in the previous [meets] , gore was highly critical of his rival .

In today 's Des Moines Register debate in Iowa , Gore was truly formidable , performing better than he has in any of his five previous encounters with Bill Bradley .
in today 's des moines register debate in iowa , gore was truly formidable , performing better than he has in any of his five previous [meets] with bill bradley .

Encounters among individuals are generally positive , supportive , and rewarding , but those among groups are ordinarily unpleasant and confrontational .
[meets] among individuals are generally positive , supportive , and rewarding , but those among groups are ordinarily unpleasant and confrontational .

I was thinking of those high-speed maglev trains that whisk you swiftly and safely to your destination while you have intense encounters with Judy Davis .
i was thinking of those high-speed maglev trains that whisk you swiftly and safely to your destination while you have intense [meets] with judy davis .

A single mother whose teen-age son is suddenly killed makes a pilgrimage to track down the boy 's father and in the process encounters women from all walks of life -- transsexuals , pregnant nuns , divas , and more .
a single mother whose teen-age son is suddenly killed makes a pilgrimage to track down the boy 's father and in the process [meets] women from all walks of life -- transsexuals , pregnant nuns , divas , and more .

What we really want is to minimize the number of infections resulting from any given number of sexual encounters ; the flip side of this observation is that it is desirable to maximize the number of ( consensual ) sexual encounters leading up to any given number of infections .
what we really want is to minimize the number of infections resulting from any given number of sexual [meets] ; the flip side of this observation is that it is desirable to maximize the number of ( consensual ) sexual [meets] leading up to any given number of infections .

It is often argued that subsidized ( or free ) condoms have an upside and a downside : The upside is that they reduce the risk from a given encounter , and the downside is that they encourage more encounters .
it is often argued that subsidized ( or free ) condoms have an upside and a downside : the upside is that they reduce the risk from a given encounter , and the downside is that they encourage more [meets] .

Huntington notes , as evidence of tribalism , that foreign investment in America encounters more hostility when it 's Japanese than when it 's Canadian .
huntington notes , as evidence of tribalism , that foreign investment in america [meets] more hostility when it 's japanese than when it 's canadian .

Ms. X , described by the Enquirer as a `` stunning Playboy model , '' claims to have had eight sexual encounters with the candidate in at least two states between December 1997 and June 1999 .
ms. x , described by the enquirer as a `` stunning playboy model , '' claims to have had eight sexual [meets] with the candidate in at least two states between december 1997 and june 1999 .

While it 's true that you ca n't pack as much psychological detail into a movie as you can into a novel , director Philip Saville and screenwriter Adrian Hodges bring out the yeasty subtext of even the most brittle encounters : The suspense is in waiting to hear how characters will phrase what you 've already read in their faces .
while it 's true that you ca n't pack as much psychological detail into a movie as you can into a novel , director philip saville and screenwriter adrian hodges bring out the yeasty subtext of even the most brittle [meets] : the suspense is in waiting to hear how characters will phrase what you 've already read in their faces .

Anyway , Instinct is built around that theater standby , the series of charged encounters between a psychiatrist and a shackled patient , during which it dawns on the doctor ( Cuba Gooding Jr. ) that he and his society are the ones who are actually in need of curing .
anyway , instinct is built around that theater standby , the series of charged [meets] between a psychiatrist and a shackled patient , during which it dawns on the doctor ( cuba gooding jr. ) that he and his society are the ones who are actually in need of curing .

The strength of this agreeable comedy , directed by Simon Shore from a screenplay by Patrick Wilde , is that it makes even the tiniest sexual encounters seem emotionally momentous .
the strength of this agreeable comedy , directed by simon shore from a screenplay by patrick wilde , is that it makes even the tiniest sexual [meets] seem emotionally momentous .

As for people you deal with regularly ( like doormen , since you 're a Manhattanite ) , grease their palms once every several encounters , or else you 'll go crazy and broke .
as for people you deal with regularly ( like doormen , since you 're a manhattanite ) , grease their palms once every several [meets] , or else you 'll go crazy and broke .

Hill never claimed that her unpleasant encounters with Thomas constituted actionable sexual harassment .
hill never claimed that her unpleasant [meets] with thomas constituted actionable sexual harassment .

During the first few encounters with a foreign protein ( or allergen ) , the immune system catalogs its characteristics and tailors an antibody called immunoglobulin to purge it .
during the first few [meets] with a foreign protein ( or allergen ) , the immune system catalogs its characteristics and tailors an antibody called immunoglobulin to purge it .

Degas in New Orleans : Encounters in the Creole World of Kate Chopin and George Washington Cable , by Christopher Benfey ( Knopf ) .
degas in new orleans : [meets] in the creole world of kate chopin and george washington cable , by christopher benfey ( knopf ) .

This procession of appliances spilling out onto the sidewalk also borrows heavily from Steven Spielberg 's Close Encounters of the Third Kind , in which the elect are inexorably drawn to Devil 's Tower , where they await the arrival of extraterrestrial spacecraft .
this procession of appliances spilling out onto the sidewalk also borrows heavily from steven spielberg 's close [meets] of the third kind , in which the elect are inexorably drawn to devil 's tower , where they await the arrival of extraterrestrial spacecraft .

As in Close Encounters , at first we see only the vehicle 's lights .
as in close [meets] , at first we see only the vehicle 's lights .

With regard to the vast majority of psychiatric encounters , which involve adults showing up in offices and asking for help , railing against the men in white coats is mostly beside the point .
with regard to the vast majority of psychiatric [meets] , which involve adults showing up in offices and asking for help , railing against the men in white coats is mostly beside the point .

USAT says the report includes `` graphic details about sexual encounters '' between Clinton and Lewinsky but leaves it at that .
usat says the report includes `` graphic details about sexual [meets] '' between clinton and lewinsky but leaves it at that .

The papers highlight the document 's main points as : 1 ) President Clinton broke his oath of office through perjury and obstruction of justice , 2 ) the President had 10 sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky , all in the White House , 3 ) the President committed 11 separate acts that are possible grounds for impeachment .
the papers highlight the document 's main points as : 1 ) president clinton broke his oath of office through perjury and obstruction of justice , 2 ) the president had 10 sexual [meets] with monica lewinsky , all in the white house , 3 ) the president committed 11 separate acts that are possible grounds for impeachment .

The Los Angeles Times says Lewinsky said there were a dozen sexual encounters over eighteen months .
the los angeles times says lewinsky said there were a dozen sexual [meets] over eighteen months .

The New York Times leads with a report , sourced to senior White House advisors , that President Clinton has discussed , but not finally committed to , a strategy of acknowledging to the grand jury on Monday that he 'd had intimate sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky .
the new york times leads with a report , sourced to senior white house advisors , that president clinton has discussed , but not finally committed to , a strategy of acknowledging to the grand jury on monday that he 'd had intimate sexual [meets] with monica lewinsky .

Sometimes , one encounters exotica .
sometimes , one [meets] exotica .

For years it has been sub-editing practice to headline pieces in a punning manner : in the Books section of October 11 , for example , we have , The art of friction , Tartar source , Reef encounters , Class menagerie .
for years it has been sub-editing practice to headline pieces in a punning manner : in the books section of october 11 , for example , we have , the art of friction , tartar source , reef [meets] , class menagerie .

Inevitably , one encounters articles on relatively abstruse subjects that , owing to concision , are not easily understood , chiefly because they assume a level of sophistication not necessarily possessed by the user .
inevitably , one [meets] articles on relatively abstruse subjects that , owing to concision , are not easily understood , chiefly because they assume a level of sophistication not necessarily possessed by the user .

Sometimes , the shock of recognition when one encounters a well-phrased truism is enough to trigger a welcoming response , which might manifest itself in a smile to indicate the pleasure of the experience .
sometimes , the shock of recognition when one [meets] a well-phrased truism is enough to trigger a welcoming response , which might manifest itself in a smile to indicate the pleasure of the experience .

If it encounters a word that is not in its repertoire , it offers a choice of actions : at the stroke of a key or two you can ADD the word to the list ; GO ON and ignore the word entirely ; or EDIT the questionable item ( by correcting a typo , for instance ) .
if it [meets] a word that is not in its repertoire , it offers a choice of actions : at the stroke of a key or two you can add the word to the list ; go on and ignore the word entirely ; or edit the questionable item ( by correcting a typo , for instance ) .

One notes today , though , that American prudery might have had some effect in Britain , where one now encounters cockerel as often as cock in direct reference to male bird .
one notes today , though , that american prudery might have had some effect in britain , where one now [meets] cockerel as often as cock in direct reference to male bird .

Alas , such close encounters have not generally been friendly .
alas , such close [meets] have not generally been friendly .

These are almost never seen in the US today , but they are still occasionally encountered in British and other varieties of English influenced by British practice , although it is usually the unligated form that one encounters , not the digraphs .
these are almost never seen in the us today , but they are still occasionally encountered in british and other varieties of english influenced by british practice , although it is usually the unligated form that one [meets] , not the digraphs .

In Canada , one rarely encounters in common usage the British spellings listed , but , while they continue to be widely used by medical professionals , even that practice has come under US influence .
in canada , one rarely [meets] in common usage the british spellings listed , but , while they continue to be widely used by medical professionals , even that practice has come under us influence .

In the business world one encounters a myriad of Anglicisms like meeting , cash flow , down-size , and business itself .
in the business world one [meets] a myriad of anglicisms like meeting , cash flow , down-size , and business itself .

Laurence Urdang Cursing in America Language taboos seem to be persistent in American English -- more so than in British English , where , although one can not say that anything goes , one encounters more dirty language on television ( in particular ) , especially after the so-called “ watershed ” hour of nine o'clock ( which some are trying to put off till ten o'clock ) .
laurence urdang cursing in america language taboos seem to be persistent in american english -- more so than in british english , where , although one can not say that anything goes , one [meets] more dirty language on television ( in particular ) , especially after the so-called “ watershed ” hour of nine o'clock ( which some are trying to put off till ten o'clock ) .

Take sin eruption and the variety of vulgar expressions for describing the pathological consequences of sexual encounters .
take sin eruption and the variety of vulgar expressions for describing the pathological consequences of sexual [meets] .

One can hardly expect to become steeped in the recondite style of a dictionary in such brief encounters , especially since they might well be for entirely different purposes .
one can hardly expect to become steeped in the recondite style of a dictionary in such brief [meets] , especially since they might well be for entirely different purposes .

I usually hazard a guess in such first encounters , àla the game of “ Dictionary. ” In all the following cases , the spelling , ( apparent ) roots , or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one .
i usually hazard a guess in such first [meets] , àla the game of “ dictionary. ” in all the following cases , the spelling , ( apparent ) roots , or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one .

If it encounters a word that is not in its repertoire , it offers a choice of actions : at the stroke of a key or two you can ADD the word to the list ; GO ON and ignore the word entirely ; or EDIT the questionable item ( by correcting a typo , for instance ) .
if it [meets] a word that is not in its repertoire , it offers a choice of actions : at the stroke of a key or two you can add the word to the list ; go on and ignore the word entirely ; or edit the questionable item ( by correcting a typo , for instance ) .

