Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors .
presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative [tries/attempts] .

In carrying out this Agreement , the two Governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .
in carrying out this agreement , the two governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best [tries/attempts] to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .

Just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index .
just as heavily invested are the [tries/attempts] of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index .

The markets are far too subtle , and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written , for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth .
the markets are far too subtle , and the last word in these [tries/attempts] will doubtless never be written , for the enchanting index is about as nebulous as the fountain of youth .

Putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body .
putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast [tries/attempts] almost beyond the ability of his shaking body .

If we are to compete effectively in today 's world , we must begin to celebrate collective entrepreneurship , endeavors in which the whole of the effort is greater than the sum of individual contributions .
if we are to compete effectively in today 's world , we must begin to celebrate collective entrepreneurship , [tries/attempts] in which the whole of the effort is greater than the sum of individual contributions .

To all endeavors they apply daring and imagination .
to all [tries/attempts] they apply daring and imagination .

We also aid libraries in their research endeavors in the field , encourage the sharing of both materials and information among other kinds of agencies and committees involved with instruction , and promote and publicize the development of library instruction whenever and wherever we can ’ .
we also aid libraries in their research [tries/attempts] in the field , encourage the sharing of both materials and information among other kinds of agencies and committees involved with instruction , and promote and publicize the development of library instruction whenever and wherever we can ’ .

For example , Chinese-American immigrant parents report spending nearly ten times as much time as do Caucasian-American parents scaolding their school-age children ’ s mastery of reading , math , music , and drawing skills46—teaching that is undoubtedly a strong contributor to Chinese children ’ s high achievement in both academic and artistic endeavors .
for example , chinese-american immigrant parents report spending nearly ten times as much time as do caucasian-american parents scaolding their school-age children ’ s mastery of reading , math , music , and drawing skills46—teaching that is undoubtedly a strong contributor to chinese children ’ s high achievement in both academic and artistic [tries/attempts] .

Reading and writing are not just crucial for success in academic endeavors and later life .
reading and writing are not just crucial for success in academic [tries/attempts] and later life .

In yet another study , graduate student Cynthia Elias and I addressed the question of whether complex make-believe— speciﬁcally , sociodramatic play involving elaborate communication between agemates—promotes socially responsible behavior.49 During the fall of the school year , we observed 3- and 4-year-olds as they played in the block and housekeeping centers of their preschools and rated the quantity and maturity of their fantasy endeavors .
in yet another study , graduate student cynthia elias and i addressed the question of whether complex make-believe— speciﬁcally , sociodramatic play involving elaborate communication between agemates—promotes socially responsible behavior.49 during the fall of the school year , we observed 3- and 4-year-olds as they played in the block and housekeeping centers of their preschools and rated the quantity and maturity of their fantasy [tries/attempts] .

The surrounding landscape , with dry­stone walls , farmhouses , and the Rothay river valley , became a source of inspiration for their artistic endeavors .
the surrounding landscape , with dry­stone walls , farmhouses , and the rothay river valley , became a source of inspiration for their artistic [tries/attempts] .

Reigning supreme over Kanto is a sublime spiritual comment on the vanity of all such human endeavors : sacred Mt .
reigning supreme over kanto is a sublime spiritual comment on the vanity of all such human [tries/attempts] : sacred mt .

Among the commodities exchanged when foreign ships called were Hawaiian women , who soon gained a measure of economic independence through prostitution and other endeavors involving outsiders .
among the commodities exchanged when foreign ships called were hawaiian women , who soon gained a measure of economic independence through prostitution and other [tries/attempts] involving outsiders .

Along the Liffey to the west is Temple Bar , center of nightlife and home to many of Dublin ’ s cutting-edge artists and artistic endeavors .
along the liffey to the west is temple bar , center of nightlife and home to many of dublin ’ s cutting-edge artists and artistic [tries/attempts] .

Intellectuals , who had been harried by the Qin , were encouraged in their creative endeavors ; with the invention of paper , the influence of their writings spread .
intellectuals , who had been harried by the qin , were encouraged in their creative [tries/attempts] ; with the invention of paper , the influence of their writings spread .

Focal Point Wagonheim has experience in creating charitable endeavors .
focal point wagonheim has experience in creating charitable [tries/attempts] .

They also said that standardization would require substantial resources and that those resources might be better used in other endeavors .
they also said that standardization would require substantial resources and that those resources might be better used in other [tries/attempts] .

This is one of several endeavors by an ad hoc pro se group that has continued to work jointly on enhancements for pro se since it was first organized , in 2000 at LSC 's charter TIG Conference .
this is one of several [tries/attempts] by an ad hoc pro se group that has continued to work jointly on enhancements for pro se since it was first organized , in 2000 at lsc 's charter tig conference .

AARP and the Management Information Exchange The October launch of LRI was the result of our cooperative endeavors with a host of national organizations - NLADA , AARP Legal Counsel for the Elderly , and MIE .
aarp and the management information exchange the october launch of lri was the result of our cooperative [tries/attempts] with a host of national organizations - nlada , aarp legal counsel for the elderly , and mie .

We are also convinced that our endeavors have strengthened existing legal services delivery systems so that clients now receive legal assistance more appropriate to their current needs and future hopes .
we are also convinced that our [tries/attempts] have strengthened existing legal services delivery systems so that clients now receive legal assistance more appropriate to their current needs and future hopes .

The Foundation anticipates that this approach to evaluations will help maintain the productive pace of the past years ' planning and emphasize the importance of joint endeavors .
the foundation anticipates that this approach to evaluations will help maintain the productive pace of the past years ' planning and emphasize the importance of joint [tries/attempts] .

The cooperation among stakeholders that marked these endeavors has led to some exciting initiatives to improve and expand access to justice for low-income people .
the cooperation among stakeholders that marked these [tries/attempts] has led to some exciting initiatives to improve and expand access to justice for low-income people .

The civil legal assistance in the state has a long history of collaborative fundraising endeavors .
the civil legal assistance in the state has a long history of collaborative fundraising [tries/attempts] .

The dedicated professional staff , headed by Philip Zelikow , has contributed innumerable hours to the completion of this report , setting aside other important endeavors to take on this all-consuming assignment .
the dedicated professional staff , headed by philip zelikow , has contributed innumerable hours to the completion of this report , setting aside other important [tries/attempts] to take on this all-consuming assignment .

Therefore , the leadership of the Enterprise must safeguard against the kind of “ group think ” that is so pervasive in large collaborative endeavors of this nature .
therefore , the leadership of the enterprise must safeguard against the kind of “ group think ” that is so pervasive in large collaborative [tries/attempts] of this nature .

Finally , philanthropic organizations such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , the Sandler Family Supporting Foundation , and the Ellison Foundation have contributed to these endeavors .
finally , philanthropic organizations such as the bill and melinda gates foundation , the sandler family supporting foundation , and the ellison foundation have contributed to these [tries/attempts] .

They also reap benefits that are difficult to measure , including enhanced self-esteem , greater confidence in their abilities , and the strength and conviction to take the lead and excel in their endeavors .
they also reap benefits that are difficult to measure , including enhanced self-esteem , greater confidence in their abilities , and the strength and conviction to take the lead and excel in their [tries/attempts] .

We have funded significant research endeavors and rewarded outstanding faculty for work that is at the leading edge of oral health care .
we have funded significant research [tries/attempts] and rewarded outstanding faculty for work that is at the leading edge of oral health care .

Of course , such a diagnostic system may prove to be more unwieldy in the end and to annoy insurance companies ( who hold frightening sway over all health-care endeavors ) , and it is politically unlikely that such a dramatic shift will occur any time in the near future .
of course , such a diagnostic system may prove to be more unwieldy in the end and to annoy insurance companies ( who hold frightening sway over all health-care [tries/attempts] ) , and it is politically unlikely that such a dramatic shift will occur any time in the near future .

An egalitarian , he likes common-folk endeavors like team sports and rock music .
an egalitarian , he likes common-folk [tries/attempts] like team sports and rock music .

The casino industry has certainly supported endeavors like MGM Grand 's theme park and Excalibur 's medieval jousts ( and its restaurant called Lance-a-Lotta Pasta ) as a way of attracting visitors who might otherwise gamble at their local riverboats .
the casino industry has certainly supported [tries/attempts] like mgm grand 's theme park and excalibur 's medieval jousts ( and its restaurant called lance-a-lotta pasta ) as a way of attracting visitors who might otherwise gamble at their local riverboats .

It seems that if a woman shows any duality in her opinions and/or her career endeavors , she is either confused about what she wants ( and therefore weak ) , or she should n't be venturing out into the big , bad world of rock ' n ' roll .
it seems that if a woman shows any duality in her opinions and/or her career [tries/attempts] , she is either confused about what she wants ( and therefore weak ) , or she should n't be venturing out into the big , bad world of rock ' n ' roll .

Financial desperation has led Russia to endeavors shunned by NASA .
financial desperation has led russia to [tries/attempts] shunned by nasa .

À propos of this diversity of styles , it might be remarked that diversifiers have often been discriminated against by critics , who would have would-be Renaissance-men specialize ; they throw a cordon sanitaire around respective artistic endeavors with a rapidity and thoroughness that is most unhealthy .
à propos of this diversity of styles , it might be remarked that diversifiers have often been discriminated against by critics , who would have would-be renaissance-men specialize ; they throw a cordon sanitaire around respective artistic [tries/attempts] with a rapidity and thoroughness that is most unhealthy .

One of the joys of retirement is the freedom to indulge in utterly inconsequential little endeavors .
one of the joys of retirement is the freedom to indulge in utterly inconsequential little [tries/attempts] .

On the one hand , Pepys 's English may seem slightly stilted or Biblical by modern standards , with frequent absolute constructions and the use of do as an auxiliary for affirmative verbs where no emphasis is intended , as , for example , in his entry for August 31 , 1662 , where he thanks “ Almighty God , who doth most manifestly bless me in my endeavors to do the duty of my office -- I now saving money , and my expenses being very little. ” This casual use of the auxiliary do seems to be creeping back into English usage , especially among waiters for some reason , who are increasingly wont to announce , “ As the catch of the day , we do have red snapper ... . ” Ordinarily , though , in American speech the auxiliary do is reserved for negative or interrogative statements as in Do n't do it or Do you do it ?
on the one hand , pepys 's english may seem slightly stilted or biblical by modern standards , with frequent absolute constructions and the use of do as an auxiliary for affirmative verbs where no emphasis is intended , as , for example , in his entry for august 31 , 1662 , where he thanks “ almighty god , who doth most manifestly bless me in my [tries/attempts] to do the duty of my office -- i now saving money , and my expenses being very little. ” this casual use of the auxiliary do seems to be creeping back into english usage , especially among waiters for some reason , who are increasingly wont to announce , “ as the catch of the day , we do have red snapper ... . ” ordinarily , though , in american speech the auxiliary do is reserved for negative or interrogative statements as in do n't do it or do you do it ?

