Dr. Albert Schweitzer , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale .
dr. albert schweitzer , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has [approved of] an easter march for disarmament which begins tomorrow in sunnyvale .

In 1958 , the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere .
in 1958 , the conference [approved of] birth control as the responsibility laid by god on parents everywhere .

The basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions .
the basic goal finds partial expression in the universal declaration of human rights , a statement initiated and [approved of] by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions .

Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A.M.A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe .
their product had been [approved of] by good housekeeping , the a.m.a. , and the veterinary journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe .

So far , he 's had his licence endorsed and spent 28 days in a young offenders institution .
so far , he 's had his licence [approved of] and spent 28 days in a young offenders institution .

Criticisms endorsed by the National Association for the Care and Resettlement of Offenders , whose view of Home Office action over the prison problem is unequivocal .
criticisms [approved of] by the national association for the care and resettlement of offenders , whose view of home office action over the prison problem is unequivocal .

They noted and endorsed the reservations about the various areas of policy development and ways of implementing the policies expressed in the report .
they noted and [approved of] the reservations about the various areas of policy development and ways of implementing the policies expressed in the report .

Although the move was defeated and the renationalisation policy endorsed , party members voted to remit the controversial proposal for further consideration .
although the move was defeated and the renationalisation policy [approved of] , party members voted to remit the controversial proposal for further consideration .

New Forth bridge plans endorsed by Fife
new forth bridge plans [approved of] by fife

Endorsed by Sir Bryan Carsberg , director-general of Fair Trading , the code is being launched today in the presence of the consumer affairs minister , Baroness Denton .
[approved of] by sir bryan carsberg , director-general of fair trading , the code is being launched today in the presence of the consumer affairs minister , baroness denton .

The policy and resources committee , after a fierce debate yesterday , endorsed plans to axe special exemptions in Skinnergate and High Row for the orange badge users .
the policy and resources committee , after a fierce debate yesterday , [approved of] plans to axe special exemptions in skinnergate and high row for the orange badge users .

In Court The following cases were dealt with by Richmond magistrates : Robert Charles Scott , 21 , of Roper Course , Richmond , admitted driving motor vehicle with excess alcohol in breath , fined £200 plus £25 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for one year .
in court the following cases were dealt with by richmond magistrates : robert charles scott , 21 , of roper course , richmond , admitted driving motor vehicle with excess alcohol in breath , fined £200 plus £25 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for one year .

John David Saunders , 23 , of West Layton Farm , West Layton , Richmond , admitted driving motor vehicle with excess alcohol in blood , fined £200 plus £25 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for two years .
john david saunders , 23 , of west layton farm , west layton , richmond , admitted driving motor vehicle with excess alcohol in blood , fined £200 plus £25 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for two years .

The following case was dealt with by Richmond magistrates : Christopher Nigel Goodwin , 27 , of Thorntree Gardens , Middleton St George , Darlington , was convicted of using motor car without insurance , two charges of using motor car with defective lights and defective indicators , fined £325 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , seven points .
the following case was dealt with by richmond magistrates : christopher nigel goodwin , 27 , of thorntree gardens , middleton st george , darlington , was convicted of using motor car without insurance , two charges of using motor car with defective lights and defective indicators , fined £325 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , seven points .

Paul Malcolm Wilkinson , 23 , of High Street , Northallerton , admitted driving car with excess alcohol in breath , fined £250 plus £25 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for one year .
paul malcolm wilkinson , 23 , of high street , northallerton , admitted driving car with excess alcohol in breath , fined £250 plus £25 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for one year .

The following cases were heard at Bedale Hannah Jane Brown , 26 , of The Old Vicarage , Masham , Ripon , admitted driving a pick-up with excess alcohol in breath , fined £250 plus £25 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for one year .
the following cases were heard at bedale hannah jane brown , 26 , of the old vicarage , masham , ripon , admitted driving a pick-up with excess alcohol in breath , fined £250 plus £25 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for one year .

Elizabeth Ann Pritchard , 22 , of Bullamoor Road , Northallerton , admitted using a car without insurance , fined £100 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , six points .
elizabeth ann pritchard , 22 , of bullamoor road , northallerton , admitted using a car without insurance , fined £100 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , six points .

Michael James Ward , 24 , of Embledown , Norton-le-Clay , Helperby , York , admitted driving a car exceeding 60mph , fined £100 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .
michael james ward , 24 , of embledown , norton-le-clay , helperby , york , admitted driving a car exceeding 60mph , fined £100 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , three points .

Christopher added that , as one step , Washington had endorsed holding a special meeting of the foreign and finance ministers of the world 's seven leading industrial countries , the Group of Seven , later in April to co-ordinate joint efforts to assist Russia 's transformation .
christopher added that , as one step , washington had [approved of] holding a special meeting of the foreign and finance ministers of the world 's seven leading industrial countries , the group of seven , later in april to co-ordinate joint efforts to assist russia 's transformation .

For more serious offences , drivers ' licences may also endorsed with penalty points .
for more serious offences , drivers ' licences may also [approved of] with penalty points .

On Saturday , such a view was at last endorsed from within England 's recent ranks when his old comrade-in-arms , Paul Ackford , spoke of how , under the old laws , Dooley ‘ would step across and bump his man out of the way ’ .
on saturday , such a view was at last [approved of] from within england 's recent ranks when his old comrade-in-arms , paul ackford , spoke of how , under the old laws , dooley ‘ would step across and bump his man out of the way ’ .

That was the verdict endorsed by the domestic game 's supremo last night as England 's players , so ill-prepared to handle the demands of turning pitches , limped away from their Madras mauling by an innings and 22 runs .
that was the verdict [approved of] by the domestic game 's supremo last night as england 's players , so ill-prepared to handle the demands of turning pitches , limped away from their madras mauling by an innings and 22 runs .

The Prime Minister gave the pair a personal welcome and they in return endorsed Manchester 's Olympic campaign .
the prime minister gave the pair a personal welcome and they in return [approved of] manchester 's olympic campaign .

Then in 1990 , The Shamen , furthering their quest for mind-expanding experiences , endorsed an invention of Gysin 's — The Dreamachine .
then in 1990 , the shamen , furthering their quest for mind-expanding experiences , [approved of] an invention of gysin 's — the dreamachine .

Chapman Pincher ( ‘ Reeling over a savage blow ’ , 13 March ) has directed timely attention to those obscene and gravely damaging practices still endorsed by the Agriculture and Fisheries Minister , John Gummer , and Whitehall , and which take place in the coastal waters from East Anglia to Northumberland , the north-east drift-nets .
chapman pincher ( ‘ reeling over a savage blow ’ , 13 march ) has directed timely attention to those obscene and gravely damaging practices still [approved of] by the agriculture and fisheries minister , john gummer , and whitehall , and which take place in the coastal waters from east anglia to northumberland , the north-east drift-nets .

Their five years ' grace is up ( in fact , seven years from demands endorsed during the 1986 Salmon Bill proceedings ) .
their five years ' grace is up ( in fact , seven years from demands [approved of] during the 1986 salmon bill proceedings ) .

The proposal goes before chairmen at the League 's annual meeting on Friday and seems certain to be endorsed .
the proposal goes before chairmen at the league 's annual meeting on friday and seems certain to be [approved of] .

Colin and Pam Lawrence , parents of air hostess Nicola Lawrence who died of the disease in February , aged 25 , endorsed Mr Donnelly 's appeal .
colin and pam lawrence , parents of air hostess nicola lawrence who died of the disease in february , aged 25 , [approved of] mr donnelly 's appeal .

Last autumn , Mr Alton threatened to quit or even stand as an independent after the party 's Harrogate conference endorsed a strong pro-abortion line .
last autumn , mr alton threatened to quit or even stand as an independent after the party 's harrogate conference [approved of] a strong pro-abortion line .

Last autumn Mr Alton threatened to stand down after the party 's Harrogate conference endorsed a strong pro-abortion line .
last autumn mr alton threatened to stand down after the party 's harrogate conference [approved of] a strong pro-abortion line .

Nicholson ( 1989 ) argues that hostile takeovers tend to undermine the public 's confidence in the operation of the stock market , particularly in terms of dishonest practices ( a point of view endorsed by the Guinness case — see Chapter 12 ) .
nicholson ( 1989 ) argues that hostile takeovers tend to undermine the public 's confidence in the operation of the stock market , particularly in terms of dishonest practices ( a point of view [approved of] by the guinness case — see chapter 12 ) .

His views were endorsed by Coun David Walsh , committee chairman , who said he first thought the Marton hotel had been chosen for barristers coming off the Parkway .
his views were [approved of] by coun david walsh , committee chairman , who said he first thought the marton hotel had been chosen for barristers coming off the parkway .

Lee Anthony Finegan , 24 , of Meadow Bank Road , Ormesby , Middlesbrough , was convicted of driving a car with excess alcohol in breath and using a car without insurance , fined £400 plus £30 costs and £50 compensation , licence endorsed , disqualified for 18 months .
lee anthony finegan , 24 , of meadow bank road , ormesby , middlesbrough , was convicted of driving a car with excess alcohol in breath and using a car without insurance , fined £400 plus £30 costs and £50 compensation , licence [approved of] , disqualified for 18 months .

Arthur Anthony Malone , 52 , of Sycamore Road , Ormesby , Middlesbrough , was convicted of using a car without an excise licence , without insurance and without a test certificate , fined £400 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , six points .
arthur anthony malone , 52 , of sycamore road , ormesby , middlesbrough , was convicted of using a car without an excise licence , without insurance and without a test certificate , fined £400 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , six points .

Steven Andrew Malone , 20 , of Sycamore Road , Ormesby , Middlesbrough , was convicted of using a car without an excise licence , without insurance and without a test certificate , fined £400 plus £20 costs and £41.66 duty , licence endorsed , six points .
steven andrew malone , 20 , of sycamore road , ormesby , middlesbrough , was convicted of using a car without an excise licence , without insurance and without a test certificate , fined £400 plus £20 costs and £41.66 duty , licence [approved of] , six points .

Simon Andrew Detchon , 19 , of Cleveland Street , Great Ayton , was convicted of receiving a stolen cover note knowing or believing it stolen , making a false instrument , namely a cover note , with intent to induce someone to accept it as genuine , using a motor without insurance , forging or altering an insurance certificate , using insurance with intent to deceive , fined £350 plus £30 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for one month .
simon andrew detchon , 19 , of cleveland street , great ayton , was convicted of receiving a stolen cover note knowing or believing it stolen , making a false instrument , namely a cover note , with intent to induce someone to accept it as genuine , using a motor without insurance , forging or altering an insurance certificate , using insurance with intent to deceive , fined £350 plus £30 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for one month .

Michael Mead , 45 , of Captain Cook Way , Great Ayton , was convicted of using a van without insurance , without a test certificate and with a defective tyre , fined £310 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , seven points .
michael mead , 45 , of captain cook way , great ayton , was convicted of using a van without insurance , without a test certificate and with a defective tyre , fined £310 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , seven points .

Peter Ernest George , 65 , of Fir Tree Close , Hilton , Yarm , admitted driving motor car with excess alcohol in breath , fined £250 plus £25 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for one year .
peter ernest george , 65 , of fir tree close , hilton , yarm , admitted driving motor car with excess alcohol in breath , fined £250 plus £25 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for one year .

Stanislaw Bojas , 73 , of Parliament Road , Middlesbrough , admitted driving motor car exceeding 30mph and driving motor car and failing to wear seat belt , fined £60 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .
stanislaw bojas , 73 , of parliament road , middlesbrough , admitted driving motor car exceeding 30mph and driving motor car and failing to wear seat belt , fined £60 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , three points .

Michael David Hand , 39 , of Tennyson Avenue , Newborough Park , Eston , Cleveland , admitted driving motor car exceeding 30mph , fined £30 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .
michael david hand , 39 , of tennyson avenue , newborough park , eston , cleveland , admitted driving motor car exceeding 30mph , fined £30 plus £20 costs , licence [approved of] , three points .

Colin Eeles , 44 , of Budworth Close , Billingham , admitted driving motor car with excess alcohol in breath , driving motor car without due care and attention , failing to stop after accident and failing to report accident , fined £1,000 plus £25 costs , licence endorsed , disqualified for three years .
colin eeles , 44 , of budworth close , billingham , admitted driving motor car with excess alcohol in breath , driving motor car without due care and attention , failing to stop after accident and failing to report accident , fined £1,000 plus £25 costs , licence [approved of] , disqualified for three years .

The Oxford Diocese overwhelmingly endorsed women priests in a poll last year .
the oxford diocese overwhelmingly [approved of] women priests in a poll last year .

The move is certain to fuel the controversy provoked by an earlier leaked document , endorsed by chief Ulster spokesman Kevin McNamara .
the move is certain to fuel the controversy provoked by an earlier leaked document , [approved of] by chief ulster spokesman kevin mcnamara .

Apart from looking into market deals and reports of cheques being repeatedly endorsed and passed around as if they were like cash , Inland Revenue investigators have been checking if farmers have undedeclared Government grant payments .
apart from looking into market deals and reports of cheques being repeatedly [approved of] and passed around as if they were like cash , inland revenue investigators have been checking if farmers have undedeclared government grant payments .

The Prince , who began a visit to Hong Kong as the Princess returned to Britain early yesterday , is said to have ‘ warmly endorsed ’ the decision to speak out .
the prince , who began a visit to hong kong as the princess returned to britain early yesterday , is said to have ‘ warmly [approved of] ’ the decision to speak out .

Proposals by Merseyside Passenger Transport Authority will have to be endorsed by Merseytravel , which owns and operates the ferries .
proposals by merseyside passenger transport authority will have to be [approved of] by merseytravel , which owns and operates the ferries .

This picture is to some extent endorsed by the artillery themselves .
this picture is to some extent [approved of] by the artillery themselves .

With this caveat , he endorsed the Fifth Army proposal for resuming the offensive on the Right Bank .
with this caveat , he [approved of] the fifth army proposal for resuming the offensive on the right bank .

If it is not endorsed it will be an enormous setback for Europe .
if it is not [approved of] it will be an enormous setback for europe .

Backed by sophisticated research programmes throughout the world , endorsed by legislators seeking to meet clean air targets , and proven by more than 1 million drivers worldwide , natural gas vehicles [ NGVs ] are emerging as one of the most promising solutions to the problems of fleet managers .
backed by sophisticated research programmes throughout the world , [approved of] by legislators seeking to meet clean air targets , and proven by more than 1 million drivers worldwide , natural gas vehicles [ ngvs ] are emerging as one of the most promising solutions to the problems of fleet managers .

His main claim to fame was that he made the Chiquita guitar that Billy Gibbons endorsed about ten , fifteen years ago .
his main claim to fame was that he made the chiquita guitar that billy gibbons [approved of] about ten , fifteen years ago .

Kennedy could have endorsed without difficulty Osburn 's remarks that ‘ We shall not beat the Indian by Indianizing our own sense of decency and justice ’ and that ‘ The only real cure for sedition is a just , tolerant and sympathetic rule ’ .
kennedy could have [approved of] without difficulty osburn 's remarks that ‘ we shall not beat the indian by indianizing our own sense of decency and justice ’ and that ‘ the only real cure for sedition is a just , tolerant and sympathetic rule ’ .

Anti-discriminatory teaching in schools was endorsed :
anti-discriminatory teaching in schools was [approved of] :

But it is well endorsed by general observation .
but it is well [approved of] by general observation .

Lowe , a man of more modest vision , had a train-spotter 's fascination for numbers which enabled him to take refuge in ‘ scientific ’ figures that endorsed his shyly offered judgements .
lowe , a man of more modest vision , had a train-spotter 's fascination for numbers which enabled him to take refuge in ‘ scientific ’ figures that [approved of] his shyly offered judgements .

The share offer was to be made through the normal prospectus , summarizing the business plan for the paper and projected profits , endorsed by relevant professional advisers .
the share offer was to be made through the normal prospectus , summarizing the business plan for the paper and projected profits , [approved of] by relevant professional advisers .

The Budget proposals will be endorsed by resolution and the renewed authorisation for the raising of revenue will be contained in the eventual Finance Act .
the budget proposals will be [approved of] by resolution and the renewed authorisation for the raising of revenue will be contained in the eventual finance act .

His century , the slowest ever for Australia , almost endorsed the selectors ' view that he had no part in the one-day side , while underlining what truly Test calibre he was .
his century , the slowest ever for australia , almost [approved of] the selectors ' view that he had no part in the one-day side , while underlining what truly test calibre he was .

When the Secretary of State endorsed the curriculum framework proposed by Munn he also intimated that the assessment proposals foreshadowed in the Dunning report would be implemented .
when the secretary of state [approved of] the curriculum framework proposed by munn he also intimated that the assessment proposals foreshadowed in the dunning report would be implemented .

Some of these central support groups worked in collaboration with local support groups of teachers and others in an effort to ensure that the centrally endorsed materials were rooted in classroom experience .
some of these central support groups worked in collaboration with local support groups of teachers and others in an effort to ensure that the centrally [approved of] materials were rooted in classroom experience .

They endorsed a culture of learning , and the intervening century has seen a knowledge expolosion .
they [approved of] a culture of learning , and the intervening century has seen a knowledge expolosion .

The report , endorsed by chief nursing officer Yvonne Moores , says : ‘ It is recommended that priority should be given to the achievement of change based on the systematic and structured methodology provided . ’
the report , [approved of] by chief nursing officer yvonne moores , says : ‘ it is recommended that priority should be given to the achievement of change based on the systematic and structured methodology provided . ’

Service of the plaintiff 's statement of claim , if not endorsed on the writ already
service of the plaintiff 's statement of claim , if not [approved of] on the writ already

Promissory notes and bills of exchange are often guaranteed or endorsed by a third party of financial standing .
promissory notes and bills of exchange are often guaranteed or [approved of] by a third party of financial standing .

Lentricchia 's argument was quickly endorsed by Terry Eagleton who claimed first that poststructuralism represented a ‘ hedonist withdrawal from history ’ ( aestheticism ) and , a year later , that it amounted to a more menacing holocaust-like ‘ liquidation of history ’ .
lentricchia 's argument was quickly [approved of] by terry eagleton who claimed first that poststructuralism represented a ‘ hedonist withdrawal from history ’ ( aestheticism ) and , a year later , that it amounted to a more menacing holocaust-like ‘ liquidation of history ’ .

This necessarily meant that Althusser endorsed Bachelard 's arguments about empiricism and rejected the concept of history as a system of progression or evolution .
this necessarily meant that althusser [approved of] bachelard 's arguments about empiricism and rejected the concept of history as a system of progression or evolution .

In certain structures a child can be labelled by his peers and the labels are endorsed by the organisational structure .
in certain structures a child can be labelled by his peers and the labels are [approved of] by the organisational structure .

These respondents for the most part endorsed those parts of the official rhetoric ( see e.g .
these respondents for the most part [approved of] those parts of the official rhetoric ( see e.g .

’ Spokesmen for the Law Society and local schemes endorsed this view and suggested that it was a natural consequence of a socially aware profession which had over the years staffed and administered schemes for indigents at little or no cost .
’ spokesmen for the law society and local schemes [approved of] this view and suggested that it was a natural consequence of a socially aware profession which had over the years staffed and administered schemes for indigents at little or no cost .

One solution , widely endorsed , is to break down psychological processes into putative substages and assign these to different parts of the brain ( Dean 1982 ; Luria 1973 ) .
one solution , widely [approved of] , is to break down psychological processes into putative substages and assign these to different parts of the brain ( dean 1982 ; luria 1973 ) .

The Third Plenum of the Eleventh Central Party Committee in December 1978 endorsed these ideological shifts .
the third plenum of the eleventh central party committee in december 1978 [approved of] these ideological shifts .

The popular notion that words do not hurt you is by no means endorsed among women survivors of male violence .
the popular notion that words do not hurt you is by no means [approved of] among women survivors of male violence .

The Palace was quick to add that Prince Charles ‘ warmly endorsed ’ the statement .
the palace was quick to add that prince charles ‘ warmly [approved of] ’ the statement .

But he insisted the decision was endorsed by the Cabinet of the time .
but he insisted the decision was [approved of] by the cabinet of the time .

But he endorsed the belief of most people at ringside that Lewis can be the man to end Britain 's search for a world heavyweight champion , and bring a new order to the division .
but he [approved of] the belief of most people at ringside that lewis can be the man to end britain 's search for a world heavyweight champion , and bring a new order to the division .

Critically , on July 27 , 1990 , six days before the invasion , ministers endorsed an export order for machine tool technology they knew would be used in a missile project .
critically , on july 27 , 1990 , six days before the invasion , ministers [approved of] an export order for machine tool technology they knew would be used in a missile project .

Angell endorsed such proposals enthusiastically .
angell [approved of] such proposals enthusiastically .

The Congress endorsed a call for neutral countries to mediate between the belligerents .
the congress [approved of] a call for neutral countries to mediate between the belligerents .

Organizations representing some 750,000 people , mainly trade unions , also endorsed the petition .
organizations representing some 750,000 people , mainly trade unions , also [approved of] the petition .

More than eighty per cent of those polled also endorsed the ‘ all-round abolition of national military and naval aircraft ’ , a formulation designed to evade pacifist opposition by implying , but not explicitly stating , support for an international airforce under League control .
more than eighty per cent of those polled also [approved of] the ‘ all-round abolition of national military and naval aircraft ’ , a formulation designed to evade pacifist opposition by implying , but not explicitly stating , support for an international airforce under league control .

While the Law Society confirmed that the service had been cleared by its Standards and Guidance Committee in 1990 , a spokeswoman was quick to point out that they had not endorsed the company in any way .
while the law society confirmed that the service had been cleared by its standards and guidance committee in 1990 , a spokeswoman was quick to point out that they had not [approved of] the company in any way .

Over twenty years after the introduction of village tribunals the Government Agent at Kurunagala discovered that presidents refused to accept any criminal plaints not endorsed by the village headman .
over twenty years after the introduction of village tribunals the government agent at kurunagala discovered that presidents refused to accept any criminal plaints not [approved of] by the village headman .

Every joint of ‘ Agnello Britannico ’ will also carry a message saying the meat has been endorsed by the team .
every joint of ‘ agnello britannico ’ will also carry a message saying the meat has been [approved of] by the team .

The Institute of the future could be made up of groups of chartered accountants , with their own specialist designatory letters , if proposals unanimously endorsed by the Institute 's Council , are approved .
the institute of the future could be made up of groups of chartered accountants , with their own specialist designatory letters , if proposals unanimously [approved of] by the institute 's council , are approved .

Regional firms provided the best value for money , said 70 % of executives , and only 6 % endorsed London firms .
regional firms provided the best value for money , said 70 % of executives , and only 6 % [approved of] london firms .

The accruals method has been endorsed by the Association of British Insurance .
the accruals method has been [approved of] by the association of british insurance .

The 17th annual conference of the International Organisation of Securities Commissions , held in London in October , endorsed the use of international standards on auditing for cross-border offerings and continuous reporting by foreign issuers .
the 17th annual conference of the international organisation of securities commissions , held in london in october , [approved of] the use of international standards on auditing for cross-border offerings and continuous reporting by foreign issuers .

They have meant , for example , that housing policies have endorsed the view that each nuclear family should have its own household , and thus increasingly it has become possible for people to take that option .
they have meant , for example , that housing policies have [approved of] the view that each nuclear family should have its own household , and thus increasingly it has become possible for people to take that option .

Mr Ciampi 's first priority will be to carry out the electoral reforms overwhelmingly endorsed by Italian voters by referendum in mid April .
mr ciampi 's first priority will be to carry out the electoral reforms overwhelmingly [approved of] by italian voters by referendum in mid april .

as if to reinforce the industry 's optimism , several recent reports have endorsed gas 's future .
as if to reinforce the industry 's optimism , several recent reports have [approved of] gas 's future .

The price to urban consumers of bearing the losses incurred ( probably of the order of 2 per cent of their bills ) would have been considered by many to be an acceptable concession to the aspirations of country dwellers , and perhaps few would have endorsed the complaint by a contemporary free-market economist that ‘ a slum dweller has to contribute to the cost of providing electricity for a country mansion ’ .
the price to urban consumers of bearing the losses incurred ( probably of the order of 2 per cent of their bills ) would have been considered by many to be an acceptable concession to the aspirations of country dwellers , and perhaps few would have [approved of] the complaint by a contemporary free-market economist that ‘ a slum dweller has to contribute to the cost of providing electricity for a country mansion ’ .

This proposal has been endorsed by the British Council of Churches , the Church Assembly , and the Moral Welfare Council of the Church of England , a Roman Catholic Advisory Committee , appointed by the late Cardinal Griffin , the Methodist Church , and leading spokesmen of many other leading Christian denominations , as well as by prominent humanists .
this proposal has been [approved of] by the british council of churches , the church assembly , and the moral welfare council of the church of england , a roman catholic advisory committee , appointed by the late cardinal griffin , the methodist church , and leading spokesmen of many other leading christian denominations , as well as by prominent humanists .

Sohl is committed to ‘ juniors first ’ , a fact endorsed by his own capital investment o £250,000 into the Sutton centre .
sohl is committed to ‘ juniors first ’ , a fact [approved of] by his own capital investment o £250,000 into the sutton centre .

However , even though many enthusiastically endorsed the creation of a supranational authority , there was still concern about how much power such a body might have .
however , even though many enthusiastically [approved of] the creation of a supranational authority , there was still concern about how much power such a body might have .

Its findings seemed to show that the claims made by Rhodes Boyson and his Black Paper colleagues were all-too-well founded , ie that formal structured teaching was more effective than the methods endorsed by the Plowden Report .
its findings seemed to show that the claims made by rhodes boyson and his black paper colleagues were all-too-well founded , ie that formal structured teaching was more effective than the methods [approved of] by the plowden report .

The approach to primary education endorsed by the Plowden committee was one in which individual programmes of learning were supported by group work and whole class lessons .
the approach to primary education [approved of] by the plowden committee was one in which individual programmes of learning were supported by group work and whole class lessons .

Hindenburg and Ludendorff endorsed all Hoffman 's proposed dispositions .
hindenburg and ludendorff [approved of] all hoffman 's proposed dispositions .

We consulted many of those actively concerned with teaching English to bilingual pupils , who firmly endorsed this view .
we consulted many of those actively concerned with teaching english to bilingual pupils , who firmly [approved of] this view .

This dualistic position can be detected in the writings of the apostle Paul , a view endorsed by Luther , where the Christian is described as ‘ under law , and yet not under law but grace ; he is a sinner , and yet righteous , he believes as a doubter ; he has assurance of Salvation , yet walks the knife-edge of insecurity .
this dualistic position can be detected in the writings of the apostle paul , a view [approved of] by luther , where the christian is described as ‘ under law , and yet not under law but grace ; he is a sinner , and yet righteous , he believes as a doubter ; he has assurance of salvation , yet walks the knife-edge of insecurity .

3 On receipt of this letter signed and endorsed by you , we will pay you a fee of — in outright purchase of the copyright in the script for use in the videos and accompanying print material for world non-broadcast use .
3 on receipt of this letter signed and [approved of] by you , we will pay you a fee of — in outright purchase of the copyright in the script for use in the videos and accompanying print material for world non-broadcast use .

This is a view endorsed by most countries .
this is a view [approved of] by most countries .

This body , dominated by the Esquerra , proceeded to supervise the drafting of a Statute of Autonomy which was endorsed overwhelmingly by a plebiscite of the Catalonian population on 2 August 1931 .
this body , dominated by the esquerra , proceeded to supervise the drafting of a statute of autonomy which was [approved of] overwhelmingly by a plebiscite of the catalonian population on 2 august 1931 .

Needless to say , it would be impossible to provide each buyer or its bank with an endorsed original bill of lading in time to provide the same bill to the following endorsee .
needless to say , it would be impossible to provide each buyer or its bank with an [approved of] original bill of lading in time to provide the same bill to the following endorsee .

The voters had pronounced and the newer , more radical leaders considered that the House should then give up its extensive powers ; the measures endorsed by a majority at the polls should be passed with reasonable rapidity .
the voters had pronounced and the newer , more radical leaders considered that the house should then give up its extensive powers ; the measures [approved of] by a majority at the polls should be passed with reasonable rapidity .

He did not know that ten years would have to run before on 2 July 1976 the National Assembly of the united Socialist Republic of Vietnam endorsed the unification of the nation , proclaiming Saigon to be Ho Chi Minh city .
he did not know that ten years would have to run before on 2 july 1976 the national assembly of the united socialist republic of vietnam [approved of] the unification of the nation , proclaiming saigon to be ho chi minh city .

The offence is in the main one of strict liability ; indeed in the leading case of Alphacell v. Woodward ( 1972 ) , the House of Lords endorsed a strict construction of the word ‘ causes ’ .
the offence is in the main one of strict liability ; indeed in the leading case of alphacell v. woodward ( 1972 ) , the house of lords [approved of] a strict construction of the word ‘ causes ’ .

Knowledge of geography , people and processes all contribute to the officer 's ‘ experience ’ , the virtue endorsed by the longer-serving officers . Experience is held to be the foundation for effective pollution control :
knowledge of geography , people and processes all contribute to the officer 's ‘ experience ’ , the virtue [approved of] by the longer-serving officers . experience is held to be the foundation for effective pollution control :

They had ideas about respectability and propriety which as intellectuals they despised but as Christmas dinner-eaters they endorsed .
they had ideas about respectability and propriety which as intellectuals they despised but as christmas dinner-eaters they [approved of] .

Whereas in 1905 the emergent Kadets had endorsed political strikes and been slow to condemn revolutionary violence and peasant protest , by the following year their attitude had changed dramatically .
whereas in 1905 the emergent kadets had [approved of] political strikes and been slow to condemn revolutionary violence and peasant protest , by the following year their attitude had changed dramatically .

It endorsed their growing concern with economic development .
it [approved of] their growing concern with economic development .

According to section 15 of the 1982 Act , if the union is sued for inducing breach of or interfering with contract , or for intimidation by threats to interfere with contract , or for conspiracy to commit these torts , then the act in question shall be taken to have been done by the union only if it was authorised or endorsed by a ‘ responsible person , ’ which means the principal executive committee , any person authorised by the rules to endorse acts of the kind in question , the president or general secretary , any other employed official , or any committee to which an employed official reports , but an act by an official or a committee to which he reports shall not be taken as authorised or endorsed if the official or committee was prevented from authorising or endorsing the act by union rules or if the act has been repudiated by the president or general secretary .
according to section 15 of the 1982 act , if the union is sued for inducing breach of or interfering with contract , or for intimidation by threats to interfere with contract , or for conspiracy to commit these torts , then the act in question shall be taken to have been done by the union only if it was authorised or [approved of] by a ‘ responsible person , ’ which means the principal executive committee , any person authorised by the rules to endorse acts of the kind in question , the president or general secretary , any other employed official , or any committee to which an employed official reports , but an act by an official or a committee to which he reports shall not be taken as authorised or [approved of] if the official or committee was prevented from authorising or endorsing the act by union rules or if the act has been repudiated by the president or general secretary .

It has been argued that it did not actually initiate any changes in the mental health field , rather it endorsed the developments that were already taking place within hospitals and in the community .
it has been argued that it did not actually initiate any changes in the mental health field , rather it [approved of] the developments that were already taking place within hospitals and in the community .

Editor , — Robert Bluglass sets out the views endorsed by the Royal College of Psychiatrists concerning community mental health legislation .
editor , — robert bluglass sets out the views [approved of] by the royal college of psychiatrists concerning community mental health legislation .

Study of the development of both state and occupational pension provision reveals arrangements which , especially until the 1975 legislation , endorsed the traditional domestic division of labour .
study of the development of both state and occupational pension provision reveals arrangements which , especially until the 1975 legislation , [approved of] the traditional domestic division of labour .

One way in which the 1975 legislation can be said to have further endorsed the domestic division of labour is by making provision of widows ' pensions by occupational schemes one condition of approval by the Occupational Pensions Board .
one way in which the 1975 legislation can be said to have further [approved of] the domestic division of labour is by making provision of widows ' pensions by occupational schemes one condition of approval by the occupational pensions board .

The group also endorsed the distribution of the British National Formulary .
the group also [approved of] the distribution of the british national formulary .

At the same time , however , central guidance made it clear that the version of care management now officially sanctioned was one in which direct service provision was not included , and that a brokerage model was therefore being endorsed .
at the same time , however , central guidance made it clear that the version of care management now officially sanctioned was one in which direct service provision was not included , and that a brokerage model was therefore being [approved of] .

Way back in 1979 the Timbury Report on services for the elderly with mental disability in Scotland endorsed the concept of joint planning involving both voluntary and statutory organisations .
way back in 1979 the timbury report on services for the elderly with mental disability in scotland [approved of] the concept of joint planning involving both voluntary and statutory organisations .

Even though many of Sir Bernard Tomlinson 's recommendations , now endorsed by the government , worked with the grain of changes already occurring , some of the timetables are short .
even though many of sir bernard tomlinson 's recommendations , now [approved of] by the government , worked with the grain of changes already occurring , some of the timetables are short .

This approach to psychogeriatric service provision is enthusiastically endorsed by its supporters , but others have expressed misgivings — for example , one survey has reported that referring general practitioners were suspicious of initial psychogeriatric assessments by non-medical disciplines .
this approach to psychogeriatric service provision is enthusiastically [approved of] by its supporters , but others have expressed misgivings — for example , one survey has reported that referring general practitioners were suspicious of initial psychogeriatric assessments by non-medical disciplines .

The Department of Health has endorsed this by requiring regional health authorities to establish epidemiological surveys of all stillbirths and neonatal deaths .
the department of health has [approved of] this by requiring regional health authorities to establish epidemiological surveys of all stillbirths and neonatal deaths .

It 's palace endorsed
it 's palace [approved of]

Having examined the practice in different common law jurisdictions , their Lordships consider that the principles endorsed by the Jamaican Court of Appeal , particularly with regard to inconsistent previous statements , represent what will normally be an acceptable way of achieving fairness to the accused and they take the opportunity of saying that in a civilised community the most suitable ways of achieving such fairness ( which should not be immutable and require to be reconsidered from time to time ) are best left to , and devised by , the legislature , the executive and the judiciary which serve that community and are familiar with its problems .
having examined the practice in different common law jurisdictions , their lordships consider that the principles [approved of] by the jamaican court of appeal , particularly with regard to inconsistent previous statements , represent what will normally be an acceptable way of achieving fairness to the accused and they take the opportunity of saying that in a civilised community the most suitable ways of achieving such fairness ( which should not be immutable and require to be reconsidered from time to time ) are best left to , and devised by , the legislature , the executive and the judiciary which serve that community and are familiar with its problems .

He points out that , in any case , there was no penal notice endorsed on the order made by the deputy judge in October 1989 .
he points out that , in any case , there was no penal notice [approved of] on the order made by the deputy judge in october 1989 .

The date and time of filing the petition will be endorsed on the petition and the copies , as will the venue for the hearing of the petition .
the date and time of filing the petition will be [approved of] on the petition and the copies , as will the venue for the hearing of the petition .

One copy of the petition is returned to the debtor endorsed with the hearing date ( if the court does not hear the petition forthwith ) , but if a voluntary arrangement is in force , at least 14 days ' notice of the hearing must be given to the supervisor .
one copy of the petition is returned to the debtor [approved of] with the hearing date ( if the court does not hear the petition forthwith ) , but if a voluntary arrangement is in force , at least 14 days ' notice of the hearing must be given to the supervisor .

After the Shah publicly endorsed Irans links with Israel , Nasser cur off diplomatic relations with Iran and increased Egyptian propaganda attacks against the Shah .
after the shah publicly [approved of] irans links with israel , nasser cur off diplomatic relations with iran and increased egyptian propaganda attacks against the shah .

Finally , the White Paper endorsed the James Report recommendation concerning the introduction of the Dip.HE .
finally , the white paper [approved of] the james report recommendation concerning the introduction of the dip.he .

As Hood notes , however , they came into ‘ high fashion in the 1940s and again in the 1960s when the Fulton Committee endorsed the idea of government growth outside Whitehall by ‘ hiving-off ’ units from civil service departments to non-departmental bodies ' ( 1981 , p. 100 ) .
as hood notes , however , they came into ‘ high fashion in the 1940s and again in the 1960s when the fulton committee [approved of] the idea of government growth outside whitehall by ‘ hiving-off ’ units from civil service departments to non-departmental bodies ' ( 1981 , p. 100 ) .

The commended approach to teaching strategies was highly partisan in respect of the particular kinds of practice which were endorsed .
the commended approach to teaching strategies was highly partisan in respect of the particular kinds of practice which were [approved of] .

Several of the above points appear to be endorsed by Pearson 's cogent account of what makes the hooligan tick :
several of the above points appear to be [approved of] by pearson 's cogent account of what makes the hooligan tick :

Though critical of the fact that four civilians had been shot dead without conceivable justification , the document generally endorsed the Army 's version of events and , in the press view , completely exonerated the paratroops ( Curtis , 1984:50 ) .
though critical of the fact that four civilians had been shot dead without conceivable justification , the document generally [approved of] the army 's version of events and , in the press view , completely exonerated the paratroops ( curtis , 1984:50 ) .

This philosophy was massively endorsed by the Scarman Report ( Scarman , 1981 ) , which advocated the setting up of community liaison procedures and the use of ‘ beat ’ officers as the principal ways of ensuring greater trust and co-operation between the police and their public .
this philosophy was massively [approved of] by the scarman report ( scarman , 1981 ) , which advocated the setting up of community liaison procedures and the use of ‘ beat ’ officers as the principal ways of ensuring greater trust and co-operation between the police and their public .

Babysave is suitable for babies from three months on and is endorsed by the Portia Trust , a charity which was specially set up to prevent baby-snatching as well as to advise any distraught parent whose child has tragically been snatched .
babysave is suitable for babies from three months on and is [approved of] by the portia trust , a charity which was specially set up to prevent baby-snatching as well as to advise any distraught parent whose child has tragically been snatched .

The Social Security Minister suggested that unmarried women were deliberately getting themselves pregnant in order to be housed and Mrs Thatcher has endorsed this view saying that the problem arises from family instability and unrealistic expectations .
the social security minister suggested that unmarried women were deliberately getting themselves pregnant in order to be housed and mrs thatcher has [approved of] this view saying that the problem arises from family instability and unrealistic expectations .

This view was endorsed four years later by Faith in the City .
this view was [approved of] four years later by faith in the city .

This view of the role of voluntary organisations and of their relationships with local authorities is endorsed in the White Paper which states that the government ‘ will expect public funding agencies to develop an increasingly contractual relationship with the voluntary bodies they fund ’ .
this view of the role of voluntary organisations and of their relationships with local authorities is [approved of] in the white paper which states that the government ‘ will expect public funding agencies to develop an increasingly contractual relationship with the voluntary bodies they fund ’ .

The notion of neighbourhood social work received something of a boost from the Barclay report of 1982 which endorsed the patch system and community social work as a possible way forward and recommended the ‘ development of flexible decentralised patterns of organisation ’ .
the notion of neighbourhood social work received something of a boost from the barclay report of 1982 which [approved of] the patch system and community social work as a possible way forward and recommended the ‘ development of flexible decentralised patterns of organisation ’ .

The foods are prepared following the recommendations of various health bodies which are also endorsed by the Government .
the foods are prepared following the recommendations of various health bodies which are also [approved of] by the government .

It is unclear whether Derbyshire Education Committee actively endorsed Outram 's sex education lessons .
it is unclear whether derbyshire education committee actively [approved of] outram 's sex education lessons .

Haeckel endorsed this view and regarded it as being confirmed by Eugene Dubois ' discovery of the yet more ape-like Pithecanthropus ( now known as Homo erectus ) in Java during the 1890s .
haeckel [approved of] this view and regarded it as being confirmed by eugene dubois ' discovery of the yet more ape-like pithecanthropus ( now known as homo erectus ) in java during the 1890s .

The typesetter vendors have endorsed it wholeheartedly , there is now not a single major typesetter vendor not supporting PostScript or one of its emulations , and many of the traditional vendors are actively incorporating elements of the technology in their Fourth Wave offerings .
the typesetter vendors have [approved of] it wholeheartedly , there is now not a single major typesetter vendor not supporting postscript or one of its emulations , and many of the traditional vendors are actively incorporating elements of the technology in their fourth wave offerings .

Although the general principles underlying the decision have several times been endorsed by the superior courts , the decision itself has never been the subject of a direct challenge , and its implications have not been fully confronted by the higher courts .
although the general principles underlying the decision have several times been [approved of] by the superior courts , the decision itself has never been the subject of a direct challenge , and its implications have not been fully confronted by the higher courts .

Following the demise of current cost accounting in the private sector and the apparent determination of the Treasury to retain it for nationalized industries , the fact that Byatt strongly endorsed its retention in the public sector is important , particularly from the policy-making perspective .
following the demise of current cost accounting in the private sector and the apparent determination of the treasury to retain it for nationalized industries , the fact that byatt strongly [approved of] its retention in the public sector is important , particularly from the policy-making perspective .

Malta endorsed a series of proposals in this field in the 1980s , which originated in the Soviet Union .
malta [approved of] a series of proposals in this field in the 1980s , which originated in the soviet union .

This is the most radical view and is the view endorsed by Lukes himself .
this is the most radical view and is the view [approved of] by lukes himself .

the role of generalised agencies was endorsed , but with no additional funding ;
the role of generalised agencies was [approved of] , but with no additional funding ;

Nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the Act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :
nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the act itself has [approved of] the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :

She ( 1967 , p. 300 ) broke with such an implicitly Arnoldian view of art as a ‘ criticism of life ’ and instead endorsed a Nietzschean aesthetic in which even ideas should function as ‘ sensory stimulants ’ and in which art is an extension of or a ‘ supplement ’ to life .
she ( 1967 , p. 300 ) broke with such an implicitly arnoldian view of art as a ‘ criticism of life ’ and instead [approved of] a nietzschean aesthetic in which even ideas should function as ‘ sensory stimulants ’ and in which art is an extension of or a ‘ supplement ’ to life .

What both Sontag and Lyotard have endorsed is an effectively postmodernist aesthetics based on paradigm of cultural de-differentiation .
what both sontag and lyotard have [approved of] is an effectively postmodernist aesthetics based on paradigm of cultural de-differentiation .

6 of 1980 ) , the Court of Appeal endorsed the decision in Donovan and held that the intentional infliction of any bodily harm was an offence unless the victim consented and the defendant 's action was justifiable in the public interest .
6 of 1980 ) , the court of appeal [approved of] the decision in donovan and held that the intentional infliction of any bodily harm was an offence unless the victim consented and the defendant 's action was justifiable in the public interest .

It has already taken almost two months to prepare the document and get it endorsed internally .
it has already taken almost two months to prepare the document and get it [approved of] internally .

The importance of awareness-raising , education and training for environmental sustainability was endorsed by the world 's leaders at the Earth Summit last year .
the importance of awareness-raising , education and training for environmental sustainability was [approved of] by the world 's leaders at the earth summit last year .

Of particular interest was the approach endorsed by the Queensland Catholic Education Commission entitled ‘ Self-Renewing Catholic Schools ’ .
of particular interest was the approach [approved of] by the queensland catholic education commission entitled ‘ self-renewing catholic schools ’ .

The processes of school internal evaluation are recommended by the Hargraves Report , ‘ Planning for School Development : Advice to Governors , Headteachers and Teachers 1989 ’ , as the way to organise School Development Planning , a widely endorsed approach to management for the effective school of the 1990 's .
the processes of school internal evaluation are recommended by the hargraves report , ‘ planning for school development : advice to governors , headteachers and teachers 1989 ’ , as the way to organise school development planning , a widely [approved of] approach to management for the effective school of the 1990 's .

The report endorsed the `` holistic `` approach of the World Wide Fund for Nature which argues for the creation of more projects to encourage sustainable use of rainforest resources in order to preserve the forests and the livliehoods of forest people .
the report [approved of] the `` holistic `` approach of the world wide fund for nature which argues for the creation of more projects to encourage sustainable use of rainforest resources in order to preserve the forests and the livliehoods of forest people .

written accounts endorsed as authentic
written accounts [approved of] as authentic

It has also been endorsed by the city planning authority in the context of the Oxford Local Plan Review 1991–2001 .
it has also been [approved of] by the city planning authority in the context of the oxford local plan review 1991–2001 .

The Prince of Wales , patron of the society , was present at the launch and fully endorsed the report .
the prince of wales , patron of the society , was present at the launch and fully [approved of] the report .

Look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , etc , endorsed on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : The abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .
look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , etc , [approved of] on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : the abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of [approved of] on the probate dated .

Please confirm the position , and if not endorsed that a suitable memorandum will be endorsed on or before completion .
please confirm the position , and if not [approved of] that a suitable memorandum will be [approved of] on or before completion .

If it transpires from the answer to this requisition that such a memorandum should and will be endorsed , make a note there and then on your completion agenda to obtain a copy of it .
if it transpires from the answer to this requisition that such a memorandum should and will be [approved of] , make a note there and then on your completion agenda to obtain a copy of it .

And when your client is buying from executors or administrators , remember , as you make your notes on title , to include a reminder to make a requisition asking for a memorandum of the conveyance to your client to be endorsed on the probate or letters of administration on completion , and to be furnished with a copy .
and when your client is buying from executors or administrators , remember , as you make your notes on title , to include a reminder to make a requisition asking for a memorandum of the conveyance to your client to be [approved of] on the probate or letters of administration on completion , and to be furnished with a copy .

In the case of a registered title , a charge may have been secured by the less formal method of giving notice to the Land Registry of `` Notice of Deposit `` ( or `` Intended Deposit `` ) of the land certificate , and in such a case the appropriate document is the `` Withdrawal of Notice `` , which is endorsed on the back of the official receipt of notice of deposit .
in the case of a registered title , a charge may have been secured by the less formal method of giving notice to the land registry of `` notice of deposit `` ( or `` intended deposit `` ) of the land certificate , and in such a case the appropriate document is the `` withdrawal of notice `` , which is [approved of] on the back of the official receipt of notice of deposit .

In most cases a date will be given for a directions appointment and this will be endorsed on the copy applications for service on the respondents .
in most cases a date will be given for a directions appointment and this will be [approved of] on the copy applications for service on the respondents .

Every court in the land is open to every subject of the King `` is a statement of principle which has been endorsed by the courts on countless occasions .
every court in the land is open to every subject of the king `` is a statement of principle which has been [approved of] by the courts on countless occasions .

It was endorsed by the Supreme Court , in its historic `` Pentagon Papers `` decision .
it was [approved of] by the supreme court , in its historic `` pentagon papers `` decision .

In the five years since this judgment , Parliament has shown little interest , although the Labour Party has endorsed a proposal that those in the distribution business should be under a legal obligation to supply any publication requested by their customers — a reform which would require abolition of the rule that distributors can be held responsible for particular defamations of which they have no knowledge but which are nonetheless contained in libel-prone publications .
in the five years since this judgment , parliament has shown little interest , although the labour party has [approved of] a proposal that those in the distribution business should be under a legal obligation to supply any publication requested by their customers — a reform which would require abolition of the rule that distributors can be held responsible for particular defamations of which they have no knowledge but which are nonetheless contained in libel-prone publications .

Once it is accepted that principles can be part of the law for reasons not reflecting convention but just because they are morally appealing , then a door is opened for the more threatening idea that some principles are part of the law because of their moral appeal , even though they contradict what convention has endorsed .
once it is accepted that principles can be part of the law for reasons not reflecting convention but just because they are morally appealing , then a door is opened for the more threatening idea that some principles are part of the law because of their moral appeal , even though they contradict what convention has [approved of] .

So the distinguishing claim of conventionalism , that law is limited to what has been endorsed by legal conventions , might seem ambiguous .
so the distinguishing claim of conventionalism , that law is limited to what has been [approved of] by legal conventions , might seem ambiguous .

In a conventionalist society someone planning his affairs would be able to count on past decisions endorsed by convention .
in a conventionalist society someone planning his affairs would be able to count on past decisions [approved of] by convention .

The statement was circulated by the Labour Party and endorsed at the Hastings Conference in October where resolutions in favour of the United Front were defeated .
the statement was circulated by the labour party and [approved of] at the hastings conference in october where resolutions in favour of the united front were defeated .

When Cripps had abandoned the Unity Campaign to support the Labour Party 's Immediate Programme his action had been fully endorsed by the Communist Party .
when cripps had abandoned the unity campaign to support the labour party 's immediate programme his action had been fully [approved of] by the communist party .

If the house is already in the joint names of the husband and the wife , then such tenancy , if held as beneficial joint tenants , should be severed and a memorandum of severance should be endorsed on the conveyance to the husband and wife ( see Precedent 51 ) .
if the house is already in the joint names of the husband and the wife , then such tenancy , if held as beneficial joint tenants , should be severed and a memorandum of severance should be [approved of] on the conveyance to the husband and wife ( see precedent 51 ) .

Dobry 's view that ‘ it is not so much the system which is wrong but the way in which it is used ’ was endorsed , and his Final Report was commended to students of our planning system as an invaluable compendium of information about the working of the existing development control process , and to local authorities and developers as a source of advice on the best way to operate within it .
dobry 's view that ‘ it is not so much the system which is wrong but the way in which it is used ’ was [approved of] , and his final report was commended to students of our planning system as an invaluable compendium of information about the working of the existing development control process , and to local authorities and developers as a source of advice on the best way to operate within it .

During the year The Executive broadly endorsed a research paper proposing new educational targets for Scotland .
during the year the executive broadly [approved of] a research paper proposing new educational targets for scotland .

Endorsed by Ossie ‘ Wembley ’ Ardiles no less .
[approved of] by ossie ‘ wembley ’ ardiles no less .

Eminent in her own field , she clearly defined the main concerns of this conference , which were later endorsed by the appearance of the Guerilla Girls , whose printed statements — ‘ it 's Even Worse for women of Colour ’ — were distributed throughout the week .
eminent in her own field , she clearly defined the main concerns of this conference , which were later [approved of] by the appearance of the guerilla girls , whose printed statements — ‘ it 's even worse for women of colour ’ — were distributed throughout the week .

That was doubly endorsed for her as a feeling of nausea entered the fray of ragged nerves , and she realised that she was fifteen minutes early .
that was doubly [approved of] for her as a feeling of nausea entered the fray of ragged nerves , and she realised that she was fifteen minutes early .

’ she endorsed it in French and Russian as well .
’ she [approved of] it in french and russian as well .

It was a fair enough question , and when it came to being fair Fabia endorsed that she owed him this particular explanation .
it was a fair enough question , and when it came to being fair fabia [approved of] that she owed him this particular explanation .

The copy summons so endorsed will be sent by the solicitor to the court office or else retained by the person who has effected service .
the copy summons so [approved of] will be sent by the solicitor to the court office or else retained by the person who has effected service .

Peat-free compost based on coconut husks has been endorsed by botanists at Kew Gardens after an 18-month long trial .
peat-free compost based on coconut husks has been [approved of] by botanists at kew gardens after an 18-month long trial .

In a dramatic departure from its previous orthodox stance on environmental matters , the congress endorsed a report by energy experts from more than 50 countries .
in a dramatic departure from its previous orthodox stance on environmental matters , the congress [approved of] a report by energy experts from more than 50 countries .

They also criticized the view , endorsed by the memo 's author and officials at the Energy Department , that there was no `` imminent hazard `` .
they also criticized the view , [approved of] by the memo 's author and officials at the energy department , that there was no `` imminent hazard `` .

The Clinton administration has endorsed a practice known as " mitigation banking " , under which property owners are allowed to develop protected wetlands in exchange for a payment into a fund to restore other wetland areas .
the clinton administration has [approved of] a practice known as " mitigation banking " , under which property owners are allowed to develop protected wetlands in exchange for a payment into a fund to restore other wetland areas .

Research by Friends of the Earth showing that commercial exploitation of peatbogs is not sustainable has been endorsed by English Nature .
research by friends of the earth showing that commercial exploitation of peatbogs is not sustainable has been [approved of] by english nature .

One local government agreement endorsed criteria for satisfying jobs that had been produced by the Tavistock Institute .
one local government agreement [approved of] criteria for satisfying jobs that had been produced by the tavistock institute .

Consequently , the present Government has endorsed the introduction of energy management systems because , inter alia , they enable consumption to be centralised and automated .
consequently , the present government has [approved of] the introduction of energy management systems because , inter alia , they enable consumption to be centralised and automated .

Jesus believed it statements , endorsed its teaching , obeyed its commands , and set himself to fulfil the pattern of redemption which it laid down .
jesus believed it statements , [approved of] its teaching , obeyed its commands , and set himself to fulfil the pattern of redemption which it laid down .

For Gladstone it was entirely consistent with his ambition to abolish income tax , which he declared to be immoral , that Consumers ' Co-operation should be endorsed as an instrument to encourage the working classes to frugality .
for gladstone it was entirely consistent with his ambition to abolish income tax , which he declared to be immoral , that consumers ' co-operation should be [approved of] as an instrument to encourage the working classes to frugality .

The pilot-in-command held a West German Commercial Pilot Licence with instrument and instructor ratings endorsed as valid for flying Swiss registered aircraft and had accumulated a total of 2,600 hours flying experience , including 400 hours on the accident type .
the pilot-in-command held a west german commercial pilot licence with instrument and instructor ratings [approved of] as valid for flying swiss registered aircraft and had accumulated a total of 2,600 hours flying experience , including 400 hours on the accident type .

The American Library Association also endorsed the document and published it in 1920 , and for twenty.five years the Certain Standards were acclaimed as the basis of all school library accreditation in the United States .
the american library association also [approved of] the document and published it in 1920 , and for twenty.five years the certain standards were acclaimed as the basis of all school library accreditation in the united states .

To this extent the law can be considered to have endorsed the corporatist perspective .
to this extent the law can be considered to have [approved of] the corporatist perspective .

Supposing , for simplicity , we are concerned only with two years , price this year should be determined by short-run marginal cost ( a view not endorsed by the 1967 White Paper — see section 4.4 ) , but investment plans for next year should be evaluated ( using net present value methods ) based upon long-run marginal costs .
supposing , for simplicity , we are concerned only with two years , price this year should be determined by short-run marginal cost ( a view not [approved of] by the 1967 white paper — see section 4.4 ) , but investment plans for next year should be evaluated ( using net present value methods ) based upon long-run marginal costs .

As this suggests , Gloucester 's relationship with other northern lords not only endorsed his authority in areas where he was already influential , but allowed an extension of that authority .
as this suggests , gloucester 's relationship with other northern lords not only [approved of] his authority in areas where he was already influential , but allowed an extension of that authority .

Part of that reordering was Gloucester 's exchange of Skipton in Craven for Chirk in 1475 , endorsed if not actually organized by the crown , which was a tacit acknowledgement of the division of power between the Stanleys and Gloucester .
part of that reordering was gloucester 's exchange of skipton in craven for chirk in 1475 , [approved of] if not actually organized by the crown , which was a tacit acknowledgement of the division of power between the stanleys and gloucester .

This ‘ civilising mission ’ both endorsed legislation which could help create a physical and institutional environment in which undesirable working-class habits and attitudes would be deterred ( as long as it was not too expensive ) , and encouraged private philanthropy , which could undertake active propagation of a new moral code .
this ‘ civilising mission ’ both [approved of] legislation which could help create a physical and institutional environment in which undesirable working-class habits and attitudes would be deterred ( as long as it was not too expensive ) , and encouraged private philanthropy , which could undertake active propagation of a new moral code .

The value of formal education was largely endorsed by Rogers ' family , who taught him to read before school , although he does acknowledge their concern about his consequent impractical nature .
the value of formal education was largely [approved of] by rogers ' family , who taught him to read before school , although he does acknowledge their concern about his consequent impractical nature .

’ The recommendations of the Banking Commission were endorsed in part by the Sub-Committee on Commercial Legislation .
’ the recommendations of the banking commission were [approved of] in part by the sub-committee on commercial legislation .

The same course was endorsed by the Leader of the Opposition , Edward Heath .
the same course was [approved of] by the leader of the opposition , edward heath .

Though officially endorsed in the ‘ Brady plan ’ , there is considerable doubt about the wisdom of the approach , compared to the alternative of lending more .
though officially [approved of] in the ‘ brady plan ’ , there is considerable doubt about the wisdom of the approach , compared to the alternative of lending more .

Although the Tsar heartily endorsed their values and aspirations , by the late 1890s they were becoming deeply embittered by what they took to be the government 's inadequate concern for their well-being .
although the tsar heartily [approved of] their values and aspirations , by the late 1890s they were becoming deeply embittered by what they took to be the government 's inadequate concern for their well-being .

At the end of October , egged on by rank-and-file demands for an eight-hour day , the Soviet endorsed renewed strike action .
at the end of october , egged on by rank-and-file demands for an eight-hour day , the soviet [approved of] renewed strike action .

The training officer , who endorsed all this had picked up his standards from his dealing director , who was later to claim of him : `` He was like a lost lamb when he started .
the training officer , who [approved of] all this had picked up his standards from his dealing director , who was later to claim of him : `` he was like a lost lamb when he started .

It was an organic relationship which even anti-democrats like Aristotle endorsed .
it was an organic relationship which even anti-democrats like aristotle [approved of] .

It is certainly true that popular rule , conceived of in the simplest terms , does not logically imply a commitment to respect for individual liberty : there could be such a thing as popular tyranny , or a popularly endorsed tyranny .
it is certainly true that popular rule , conceived of in the simplest terms , does not logically imply a commitment to respect for individual liberty : there could be such a thing as popular tyranny , or a popularly [approved of] tyranny .

Young ladies proverbially make sure they have their `` beauty sleep `` — the statement `` a good night 's sleep improves one 's appearance `` was endorsed by over two-thirds of the sample .
young ladies proverbially make sure they have their `` beauty sleep `` — the statement `` a good night 's sleep improves one 's appearance `` was [approved of] by over two-thirds of the sample .

In the Hull survey one of the statements to which respondents were invited to agree was `` Dreams occur only in the few moments before you wake up `` ; 18 endorsed this statement , and 23 thought it was maybe true , out of 149 .
in the hull survey one of the statements to which respondents were invited to agree was `` dreams occur only in the few moments before you wake up `` ; 18 [approved of] this statement , and 23 thought it was maybe true , out of 149 .

The current distribution of responsibilities goes against the principle endorsed by the Herbert Commission of giving each local authority ‘ functions and powers which are separate and distinct ’ ( Herbert 1960 : 197 ) .
the current distribution of responsibilities goes against the principle [approved of] by the herbert commission of giving each local authority ‘ functions and powers which are separate and distinct ’ ( herbert 1960 : 197 ) .

It was enough to have the declaration endorsed by a public official .
it was enough to have the declaration [approved of] by a public official .

Later , if the people endorsed the proposal by their vote , the parliamentary system might be replaced by a corporate state along the lines that Franco 's Spain was subsequently to follow .
later , if the people [approved of] the proposal by their vote , the parliamentary system might be replaced by a corporate state along the lines that franco 's spain was subsequently to follow .

First thing the next morning , 24 August , Joyce took his passport and the accompanying form to the National Bank in Belgravia , where the manager endorsed it .
first thing the next morning , 24 august , joyce took his passport and the accompanying form to the national bank in belgravia , where the manager [approved of] it .

Johnson mordantly remarked that the only propaganda for such a conference emanated from the State Department ; he endorsed the recommendations of the joint chiefs that no conference be held .
johnson mordantly remarked that the only propaganda for such a conference emanated from the state department ; he [approved of] the recommendations of the joint chiefs that no conference be held .

The trade body , the Textile Services Association , has drawn up a code of practice , endorsed by the Office of Fair Trading .
the trade body , the textile services association , has drawn up a code of practice , [approved of] by the office of fair trading .

Although the 1920 Lambeth Conference took a hard line ( not helped by Marie Stopes 's literary , erotic , and religious excesses ) , the ‘ safe period ’ had been endorsed by 1913 .
although the 1920 lambeth conference took a hard line ( not helped by marie stopes 's literary , erotic , and religious excesses ) , the ‘ safe period ’ had been [approved of] by 1913 .

On more than one occasion , The Times endorsed this view , reminding its readers that ‘ the statistics really reflect the growth of confidence in the system as reformed ’ and that it was ‘ not that children have suddenly become more wicked , but that the legal machinery has become more efficient ’ .
on more than one occasion , the times [approved of] this view , reminding its readers that ‘ the statistics really reflect the growth of confidence in the system as reformed ’ and that it was ‘ not that children have suddenly become more wicked , but that the legal machinery has become more efficient ’ .

The series took no position of its own , endorsed no particular point of view .
the series took no position of its own , [approved of] no particular point of view .

In other words it denoted the duly consecrated and divinely endorsed king .
in other words it denoted the duly consecrated and divinely [approved of] king .

These taped interviews , most on the record , others unattributable , amply endorsed the original premise .
these taped interviews , most on the record , others unattributable , amply [approved of] the original premise .

They remembered how their marriage in 1954 was trumpeted as ‘ the society wedding of the year ’ , their union endorsed by the presence of the Queen and Queen Mother .
they remembered how their marriage in 1954 was trumpeted as ‘ the society wedding of the year ’ , their union [approved of] by the presence of the queen and queen mother .

As has already been stated , the tentative approach endorsed above is not without its problems ; problems of methodology as well as terminology .
as has already been stated , the tentative approach [approved of] above is not without its problems ; problems of methodology as well as terminology .

Such a policy should not be endorsed .
such a policy should not be [approved of] .

This is a view which is endorsed by Moran :
this is a view which is [approved of] by moran :

The above argument is endorsed by Brudney .
the above argument is [approved of] by brudney .

Despite the wide-ranging ramifications of the misappropriation theory , the lower courts have endorsed it in a number of important rulings .
despite the wide-ranging ramifications of the misappropriation theory , the lower courts have [approved of] it in a number of important rulings .

Williams , who was given three months to pay , also had her driving licence endorsed with six penalty points and was ordered to pay £53 towards prosecution costs .
williams , who was given three months to pay , also had her driving licence [approved of] with six penalty points and was ordered to pay £53 towards prosecution costs .

He was also given six penalty points and had his licence endorsed .
he was also given six penalty points and had his licence [approved of] .

Candidates passing the Shorthand examination and submitting a well-typed transcription will be awarded a certificate endorsed to this effect .
candidates passing the shorthand examination and submitting a well-typed transcription will be awarded a certificate [approved of] to this effect .

Candidates passing the Shorthand examination and submitting a well-typed transcription will be awarded a certificate endorsed to this effect .
candidates passing the shorthand examination and submitting a well-typed transcription will be awarded a certificate [approved of] to this effect .

Candidates passing the shorthand examination and submitting a well-typed transcription will be awarded a certificate endorsed to this effect .
candidates passing the shorthand examination and submitting a well-typed transcription will be awarded a certificate [approved of] to this effect .

The speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate : ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm : ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .
the speed and accuracy achieved will be [approved of] on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate : ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm : ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .

The speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate ; ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm ; ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .
the speed and accuracy achieved will be [approved of] on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate ; ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm ; ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .

Both Councils have endorsed the principles of credit accumulation as a valid means of gaining their awards .
both councils have [approved of] the principles of credit accumulation as a valid means of gaining their awards .

The Executive Committee has already endorsed reports of the meetings of Bank Assistants throughout the country .
the executive committee has already [approved of] reports of the meetings of bank assistants throughout the country .

The setting up of regional Membership Interest Groups was endorsed and efforts were made to enhance their powers to recommend names to Portland Place in order to effectively tap regional talents .
the setting up of regional membership interest groups was [approved of] and efforts were made to enhance their powers to recommend names to portland place in order to effectively tap regional talents .

Because the bills are the forfaiter 's only security , the bills will require to be endorsed or otherwise guaranteed by an acceptable bank , unless the buyer is of undoubted financial standing .
because the bills are the forfaiter 's only security , the bills will require to be [approved of] or otherwise guaranteed by an acceptable bank , unless the buyer is of undoubted financial standing .

As this suggests , Gloucester 's relationship with other northern lords not only endorsed his authority in areas where he was already influential , but allowed an extension of that authority .
as this suggests , gloucester 's relationship with other northern lords not only [approved of] his authority in areas where he was already influential , but allowed an extension of that authority .

The scrolled area will display the packages that have to be endorsed , from the start package specified , and you may enter a Mark to indicate which packages you wish to accept or reject .
the scrolled area will display the packages that have to be [approved of] , from the start package specified , and you may enter a mark to indicate which packages you wish to accept or reject .

This is sent out from Elderslie once the coupon has been returned and endorsed by a member of staff during their visit , hopefully whilst selecting new Stoddard Templeton carpets or fabrics .
this is sent out from elderslie once the coupon has been returned and [approved of] by a member of staff during their visit , hopefully whilst selecting new stoddard templeton carpets or fabrics .

This was a sentiment roundly endorsed by all present .
this was a sentiment roundly [approved of] by all present .

The middle classes , the business community and the traditional conservative parties endorsed Vargas Llosa 's `` economic shock `` programme to solve the current economic crisis .
the middle classes , the business community and the traditional conservative parties [approved of] vargas llosa 's `` economic shock `` programme to solve the current economic crisis .

The Supreme Soviet , having endorsed the government 's outline plans , called on the government to submit by Sept. 1 a more coherent programme including specific proposals for more immediate institutional and structural changes .
the supreme soviet , having [approved of] the government 's outline plans , called on the government to submit by sept. 1 a more coherent programme including specific proposals for more immediate institutional and structural changes .

In addition , the Moldavian Supreme Soviet on June 23 endorsed a report by a special parliamentary commission , declaring illegal the 1940 Soviet annexation from Romania of Bessarabia ( most of which now formed Soviet Moldavia ) and other territories .
in addition , the moldavian supreme soviet on june 23 [approved of] a report by a special parliamentary commission , declaring illegal the 1940 soviet annexation from romania of bessarabia ( most of which now formed soviet moldavia ) and other territories .

On the following day this view was endorsed by Yazov in a speech in Red Square .
on the following day this view was [approved of] by yazov in a speech in red square .

The proposals were endorsed by President Manuel Pinto da Costa .
the proposals were [approved of] by president manuel pinto da costa .

In early February 1990 Croatia 's parliament endorsed 10 amendments allowing multiparty and secret elections and broader political reform .
in early february 1990 croatia 's parliament [approved of] 10 amendments allowing multiparty and secret elections and broader political reform .

The congress was reported to have unanimously endorsed proposals to ( i ) establish a multiparty system in the country which also guaranteed respect for human rights , freedoms and democracy ; ( ii ) replace centralized economic planning by a " state controlled market economy " based on diverse forms of ownership in order to stimulate basic industrial development and modernize agricultural production ; ( iii ) reform taxes ; ( iv ) create new welfare benefits and increase wages and pensions during the next five-year-plan period of 1991-95 ; and ( v ) pursue an independent non-aligned foreign policy .
the congress was reported to have unanimously [approved of] proposals to ( i ) establish a multiparty system in the country which also guaranteed respect for human rights , freedoms and democracy ; ( ii ) replace centralized economic planning by a " state controlled market economy " based on diverse forms of ownership in order to stimulate basic industrial development and modernize agricultural production ; ( iii ) reform taxes ; ( iv ) create new welfare benefits and increase wages and pensions during the next five-year-plan period of 1991-95 ; and ( v ) pursue an independent non-aligned foreign policy .

The speech was warmly endorsed throughout the Arab world .
the speech was warmly [approved of] throughout the arab world .

The delegates representing the civic committees indicated that they had no wish to see a split in their ranks , and unanimously endorsed Walesa as Solidarity leader , but rejected his suggestion that the civic committees be opened to other political parties — a manoeuvre interpreted as an attempt by Walesa to broaden his base of support .
the delegates representing the civic committees indicated that they had no wish to see a split in their ranks , and unanimously [approved of] walesa as solidarity leader , but rejected his suggestion that the civic committees be opened to other political parties — a manoeuvre interpreted as an attempt by walesa to broaden his base of support .

Parliament endorsed the `` resignations `` of the Interior Minister Czeslaw Kiszczak , Defence Minister Florian Siwicki and Transport Minister Adam Wieladek .
parliament [approved of] the `` resignations `` of the interior minister czeslaw kiszczak , defence minister florian siwicki and transport minister adam wieladek .

President Joaquim Chissano 's announcement in Maputo at the end of July that the ruling Mozambique Liberation Front ( Frelimo ) would abandon one-party rule was backed by the organization 's central committee on Aug. 16 when it endorsed the holding of multiparty elections in 1991 .
president joaquim chissano 's announcement in maputo at the end of july that the ruling mozambique liberation front ( frelimo ) would abandon one-party rule was backed by the organization 's central committee on aug. 16 when it [approved of] the holding of multiparty elections in 1991 .

At a meeting on Aug. 29 Gorbachev and Yeltsin endorsed a plan produced by the commission which drew heavily on the Russian `` 500 days `` programme .
at a meeting on aug. 29 gorbachev and yeltsin [approved of] a plan produced by the commission which drew heavily on the russian `` 500 days `` programme .

The committee 's decision was endorsed on Oct. 2 when the full Senate voted by 90 to nine to confirm Souter 's appointment .
the committee 's decision was [approved of] on oct. 2 when the full senate voted by 90 to nine to confirm souter 's appointment .

In what was seen as some of the most important legislation in the country 's history , President Jaime Paz Zamora signed four decrees on Sept. 23 which endorsed an agreement reached between the government and Indian leaders the previous day .
in what was seen as some of the most important legislation in the country 's history , president jaime paz zamora signed four decrees on sept. 23 which [approved of] an agreement reached between the government and indian leaders the previous day .

The amendments , first endorsed at the meeting of Lebanese National Assembly deputies in Taif , Saudi Arabia , in October 1989 [ see p. 36986 for details of political provisions of Taif Accord ] , had again been endorsed on Aug. 21 when 51 deputies convened in Beirut .
the amendments , first [approved of] at the meeting of lebanese national assembly deputies in taif , saudi arabia , in october 1989 [ see p. 36986 for details of political provisions of taif accord ] , had again been [approved of] on aug. 21 when 51 deputies convened in beirut .

Voters also heavily endorsed a clause on the ballot paper calling for the convening of a constituent assembly to reform the Constitution .
voters also heavily [approved of] a clause on the ballot paper calling for the convening of a constituent assembly to reform the constitution .

On the last day , however , he endorsed all the decisions , declaring : `` This is not a defeat .
on the last day , however , he [approved of] all the decisions , declaring : `` this is not a defeat .

The declaration calling for talks on Estonia 's independence was endorsed on Feb. 22 by the Estonian Supreme Soviet , which on Feb. 23 elected its Presidium President , Arnold Rüütel , to head a commission to conduct these talks .
the declaration calling for talks on estonia 's independence was [approved of] on feb. 22 by the estonian supreme soviet , which on feb. 23 elected its presidium president , arnold rüütel , to head a commission to conduct these talks .

The Council of Ministers endorsed and promulgated a resolution on tourism on Oct. 4 , 1989 , placing the management of the tourist industry under the control of the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economics Relations .
the council of ministers [approved of] and promulgated a resolution on tourism on oct. 4 , 1989 , placing the management of the tourist industry under the control of the ministry of foreign trade and economics relations .

if money for investment is made payable to the firm , it should be returned to the client to be made payable to the correct third party or , if this is not possible due to extreme circumstances , the cheque should be endorsed and forwarded immediately to the third party
if money for investment is made payable to the firm , it should be returned to the client to be made payable to the correct third party or , if this is not possible due to extreme circumstances , the cheque should be [approved of] and forwarded immediately to the third party

Where a report by us is to be published , it is our policy that important information supplied by the directors , and for which they are responsible , should normally be included in or endorsed by a Board Memorandum .
where a report by us is to be published , it is our policy that important information supplied by the directors , and for which they are responsible , should normally be included in or [approved of] by a board memorandum .

The Security Council endorsed a 34-article statute governing the functioning of the court , which will try cases involving grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions , violations of the 1948 convention against genocide , and other serious crimes against humanity and the laws of war .
the security council [approved of] a 34-article statute governing the functioning of the court , which will try cases involving grave breaches of the geneva conventions , violations of the 1948 convention against genocide , and other serious crimes against humanity and the laws of war .

But the constituency association again endorsed two sitting members , former Lord Mayor Tommy Patton and Dr Ian Adamson .
but the constituency association again [approved of] two sitting members , former lord mayor tommy patton and dr ian adamson .

On current form he 's one of the top three midfielders in the country , a view endorsed by Antrim boss Jim Nelson .
on current form he 's one of the top three midfielders in the country , a view [approved of] by antrim boss jim nelson .

An opinion endorsed by not a few others who whispered among themselves — some of them when Amabel was not listening , others when she very obviously was — that Linnet Gage had stolen the show .
an opinion [approved of] by not a few others who whispered among themselves — some of them when amabel was not listening , others when she very obviously was — that linnet gage had stolen the show .

It also endorsed the hostility which many of those radicals felt for the orthodox left .
it also [approved of] the hostility which many of those radicals felt for the orthodox left .

His exclamation endorsed her suspicion , but why should he be regarding her with such a look of furious triumph on his face ?
his exclamation [approved of] her suspicion , but why should he be regarding her with such a look of furious triumph on his face ?

As expected , Clinton said he would sign the international biodiversity treaty endorsed last summer by more than 160 nations in Rio de Janeiro ( see Nature 362 , 577 ; 1993 ) .
as expected , clinton said he would sign the international biodiversity treaty [approved of] last summer by more than 160 nations in rio de janeiro ( see nature 362 , 577 ; 1993 ) .

It is , however , a project endorsed by good citizens ' and ‘ hard workers ’ and one threatened by a subordinated Second Nation .
it is , however , a project [approved of] by good citizens ' and ‘ hard workers ’ and one threatened by a subordinated second nation .

The selection of a prospective parliamentary candidate shall not be regarded as completed until the name of the member selected has been placed before a meeting of the National Executive Committee , and his or her selection has been duly endorsed .
the selection of a prospective parliamentary candidate shall not be regarded as completed until the name of the member selected has been placed before a meeting of the national executive committee , and his or her selection has been duly [approved of] .

The persistence of such complaints , which from time to time were endorsed by local persons not connected with the woollen trade , suggests that these `` oppressions `` were widespread and long-lasting .
the persistence of such complaints , which from time to time were [approved of] by local persons not connected with the woollen trade , suggests that these `` oppressions `` were widespread and long-lasting .

Francis Place , remembering his days as a journeyman tailor , endorsed this view .
francis place , remembering his days as a journeyman tailor , [approved of] this view .

The news swept the Canadian environmental movement last year like a toxic blast : Pollution Probe , Canada 's oldest and best-known environmental group , had publicly endorsed a line of ‘ green ’ products created by the country 's largest supermarket chain , Loblaws .
the news swept the canadian environmental movement last year like a toxic blast : pollution probe , canada 's oldest and best-known environmental group , had publicly [approved of] a line of ‘ green ’ products created by the country 's largest supermarket chain , loblaws .

This new framework is both endorsed and supplemented by the Utting report of last August .
this new framework is both [approved of] and supplemented by the utting report of last august .

That is the board 's view of Government policy — the very same Government policy that the House has been told has been endorsed by all those in the construction industry .
that is the board 's view of government policy — the very same government policy that the house has been told has been [approved of] by all those in the construction industry .

The European Council has endorsed the demands which we , France and the United States have made to the Libyan Government requiring them to abandon their support of terrorism and to hand over the alleged perpetrators of the Lockerbie bombing .
the european council has [approved of] the demands which we , france and the united states have made to the libyan government requiring them to abandon their support of terrorism and to hand over the alleged perpetrators of the lockerbie bombing .

Does the hon. and learned Gentleman acknowledge and welcome the moves by the Labour party in Scotland , endorsed nationally , for the new Scottish Parliament to be elected by a system of proportional representation ?
does the hon. and learned gentleman acknowledge and welcome the moves by the labour party in scotland , [approved of] nationally , for the new scottish parliament to be elected by a system of proportional representation ?

Britain supported Security Council resolution 716 , which endorsed the aim of an international meeting .
britain supported security council resolution 716 , which [approved of] the aim of an international meeting .

Gentleman may not have noted the fact that we continue to encourage the Malawian Government to apply the principles of accountable government that they endorsed at the Harare Heads of Government meeting .
gentleman may not have noted the fact that we continue to encourage the malawian government to apply the principles of accountable government that they [approved of] at the harare heads of government meeting .

President Chiluba has our best wishes to help him get on with the job ; we shall do our best to assist him , because the election was a fine example of the principles that we endorsed at the recent Heads of Government meeting in Harare .
president chiluba has our best wishes to help him get on with the job ; we shall do our best to assist him , because the election was a fine example of the principles that we [approved of] at the recent heads of government meeting in harare .

That policy would destroy hundreds of thousands of jobs in defence industries , including many in my constituency , yet it has been endorsed on no fewer than three occasions by large majorities at the Labour party conference .
that policy would destroy hundreds of thousands of jobs in defence industries , including many in my constituency , yet it has been [approved of] on no fewer than three occasions by large majorities at the labour party conference .

That policy has been endorsed by majorities of more than 2 million pounds — — members on each occasion .
that policy has been [approved of] by majorities of more than 2 million pounds — — members on each occasion .

Her Majesty 's Government have put the position plainly and it has been endorsed by the Security Council .
her majesty 's government have put the position plainly and it has been [approved of] by the security council .

Labour has a clear programme for action that has been endorsed at successive party conferences , including that held last month .
labour has a clear programme for action that has been [approved of] at successive party conferences , including that held last month .

[ … ] The Secretary of State strongly endorsed the idea of patients shopping around for treatment to cut waiting times [ … ] ( Wood , 1988 )
[ … ] the secretary of state strongly [approved of] the idea of patients shopping around for treatment to cut waiting times [ … ] ( wood , 1988 )

The gravitational pull in the Treaty — which is endorsed by the bill — would take us , indeed drag us , into a federal Europe .
the gravitational pull in the treaty — which is [approved of] by the bill — would take us , indeed drag us , into a federal europe .

He had got a prize for the design , although the users of it would not now have endorsed this since it was both hot and noisy .
he had got a prize for the design , although the users of it would not now have [approved of] this since it was both hot and noisy .

On balance they decided to attend , in the interests of the group , a decision endorsed by Rose who was anxious to see both groups of his suspects together in an informal setting .
on balance they decided to attend , in the interests of the group , a decision [approved of] by rose who was anxious to see both groups of his suspects together in an informal setting .

If the trainee wishes to achieve the module on screen based equipment and have this endorsed on the certificate , the inclusion of Introduction to Word Processing in his/her programme would normally be recommended .
if the trainee wishes to achieve the module on screen based equipment and have this [approved of] on the certificate , the inclusion of introduction to word processing in his/her programme would normally be recommended .

The employment White Paper was published under a coalition dominated by Conservatives and Labour , but it was not the result of discussion within each party , and although leading politicians on both sides endorsed its policy it would be wrong to say that it reflected the considered view of either party .
the employment white paper was published under a coalition dominated by conservatives and labour , but it was not the result of discussion within each party , and although leading politicians on both sides [approved of] its policy it would be wrong to say that it reflected the considered view of either party .

The document left many questions unanswered and when it was not endorsed by any major party figure it slid into oblivion .
the document left many questions unanswered and when it was not [approved of] by any major party figure it slid into oblivion .

The party conference of March 1945 endorsed the policies outlined in the White Paper and called for the abandonment by industry and unions of restrictive practices .
the party conference of march 1945 [approved of] the policies outlined in the white paper and called for the abandonment by industry and unions of restrictive practices .

Outside in the street , where she could raise her voice again , she almost shouted at him , telling him he was to stop behaving as if he had been right and she wrong — as if he believed she now shared his views and endorsed his ridiculous maunderings .
outside in the street , where she could raise her voice again , she almost shouted at him , telling him he was to stop behaving as if he had been right and she wrong — as if he believed she now shared his views and [approved of] his ridiculous maunderings .

Clinton received another boost when , on July 8 , he was publicly endorsed by Paul Tsongas whom he had defeated in the primary contests .
clinton received another boost when , on july 8 , he was publicly [approved of] by paul tsongas whom he had defeated in the primary contests .

Even the simmering dispute between Clinton and Jackson [ see p. 38953 ] , appeared to have abated when , on July 11 , Jackson endorsed the Clinton-Gore ticket , but did so with the proviso that the party must `` adopt more inclusive strategies and a broader vision `` if it was to win the November elections .
even the simmering dispute between clinton and jackson [ see p. 38953 ] , appeared to have abated when , on july 11 , jackson [approved of] the clinton-gore ticket , but did so with the proviso that the party must `` adopt more inclusive strategies and a broader vision `` if it was to win the november elections .

However , an `` approach `` towards monetary union by the year 2000 was endorsed .
however , an `` approach `` towards monetary union by the year 2000 was [approved of] .

The authorities ' earlier identification of Lembarek Boumaraaf as the assassin [ see p. 38981 ] was endorsed ; the commission confirmed that he had previously been known to be an Islamist sympathizer , but rejected as improbable the suggestion that he had acted alone .
the authorities ' earlier identification of lembarek boumaraaf as the assassin [ see p. 38981 ] was [approved of] ; the commission confirmed that he had previously been known to be an islamist sympathizer , but rejected as improbable the suggestion that he had acted alone .

The Senate endorsed the bill on May 28 , after rejecting a series of amendments moved by opposition parties which described the legislation as fundamentalist and undemocratic .
the senate [approved of] the bill on may 28 , after rejecting a series of amendments moved by opposition parties which described the legislation as fundamentalist and undemocratic .

Further institutional integration would depend on political circumstances , and the aim was for the Krajina Assembly 's mandate to be endorsed by the Serbian Assembly .
further institutional integration would depend on political circumstances , and the aim was for the krajina assembly 's mandate to be [approved of] by the serbian assembly .

The meeting , which signalled some of the most radical changes in the alliance 's history , endorsed the creation of a United Kingdom-led `` rapid reaction `` force as the core of a new defence structure based on mobile , multinational units [ see p. 38170-71 ] .
the meeting , which signalled some of the most radical changes in the alliance 's history , [approved of] the creation of a united kingdom-led `` rapid reaction `` force as the core of a new defence structure based on mobile , multinational units [ see p. 38170-71 ] .

An attempt by opponents of the party 's anti-abortion platform to have the issue openly debated was defeated , and the candidacy of Bush was endorsed by his main challenger in the primaries , the right-wing journalist Pat Buchanan .
an attempt by opponents of the party 's anti-abortion platform to have the issue openly debated was defeated , and the candidacy of bush was [approved of] by his main challenger in the primaries , the right-wing journalist pat buchanan .

Bourassa 's view of the package was overwhelmingly endorsed by a special 4,000-member Liberal Party convention in Quebec on Aug. 29-30 , at which the provincial Premier gave a powerful performance and promised to win over the population of Quebec at the October referendum .
bourassa 's view of the package was overwhelmingly [approved of] by a special 4,000-member liberal party convention in quebec on aug. 29-30 , at which the provincial premier gave a powerful performance and promised to win over the population of quebec at the october referendum .

The Montenegrin government endorsed the initiative , but on Jan. 24 Macedonia rejected Serbian overtures , preferring to continue its efforts to gain recognized independent statehood .
the montenegrin government [approved of] the initiative , but on jan. 24 macedonia rejected serbian overtures , preferring to continue its efforts to gain recognized independent statehood .

On Jan. 25 a debate in the Assembly of Bosnia-Hercegovina , boycotted by Serbian parties , endorsed a referendum on the republic 's sovereignty to be held on Feb. 29-March 1 .
on jan. 25 a debate in the assembly of bosnia-hercegovina , boycotted by serbian parties , [approved of] a referendum on the republic 's sovereignty to be held on feb. 29-march 1 .

On Jan. 30 the opposition Labour Party informally endorsed Likud plans to hold elections on June 23 .
on jan. 30 the opposition labour party informally [approved of] likud plans to hold elections on june 23 .

Ministers also endorsed a plan to despatch fact-finding and conciliation missions to areas of tension and , on Jan. 31 , agreed to send the first such mission to the disputed mainly Armenian-inhabited enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh within Azerbaijan .
ministers also [approved of] a plan to despatch fact-finding and conciliation missions to areas of tension and , on jan. 31 , agreed to send the first such mission to the disputed mainly armenian-inhabited enclave of nagorno-karabakh within azerbaijan .

The United Kingdom Prime Minister John Major , who was in telephone contact with Yeltsin during the evening of Aug. 20 , endorsed Yeltsin 's demands for Gorbachev 's release .
the united kingdom prime minister john major , who was in telephone contact with yeltsin during the evening of aug. 20 , [approved of] yeltsin 's demands for gorbachev 's release .

The Collective State Presidency , after several abortive attempts to meet , also finally endorsed it at the end of a 14-hour session on July 12 ( again not attended by Drnovsek ) , but imposed new demands and deadlines .
the collective state presidency , after several abortive attempts to meet , also finally [approved of] it at the end of a 14-hour session on july 12 ( again not attended by drnovsek ) , but imposed new demands and deadlines .

Danforth 's efforts to draw up a compromise bill followed the approval of a Democrat-sponsored civil rights bill by the House of Representatives and a pledge by Bush that he would veto the measure if it was endorsed by the Senate .
danforth 's efforts to draw up a compromise bill followed the approval of a democrat-sponsored civil rights bill by the house of representatives and a pledge by bush that he would veto the measure if it was [approved of] by the senate .

In response to this vote , Collor had reportedly endorsed the release of a public statement by the military ministers in the Cabinet , signed by 80 generals , criticizing the Congress decision and emphasising that members of the Congress and judiciary had recently awarded themselves a pay increase of 37 per cent .
in response to this vote , collor had reportedly [approved of] the release of a public statement by the military ministers in the cabinet , signed by 80 generals , criticizing the congress decision and emphasising that members of the congress and judiciary had recently awarded themselves a pay increase of 37 per cent .

Assad 's message had been endorsed publicly by the Libyan leader Col. Kadhafi as showing `` unmistakable pan-Arab commitment `` ; Assad as well as President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and the Sudanese leader Gen. Bashir had met with Kadhafi at Misratah in Libya on Jan. 3 .
assad 's message had been [approved of] publicly by the libyan leader col. kadhafi as showing `` unmistakable pan-arab commitment `` ; assad as well as president hosni mubarak of egypt and the sudanese leader gen. bashir had met with kadhafi at misratah in libya on jan. 3 .

These proposals were endorsed by the Supreme Soviet on the same day .
these proposals were [approved of] by the supreme soviet on the same day .

On June 18 , 68.7 per cent of Irish voters , in a 57.3 per cent turnout , endorsed the ratification of the Treaty .
on june 18 , 68.7 per cent of irish voters , in a 57.3 per cent turnout , [approved of] the ratification of the treaty .

On June 17 President Ali Hassan Mwinyi endorsed a bill legalizing opposition parties .
on june 17 president ali hassan mwinyi [approved of] a bill legalizing opposition parties .

Once again Bush endorsed a Republican alternative which would have limited extra coverage to a maximum of 20 weeks , and which included an assortment of tax incentives for businesses and individuals .
once again bush [approved of] a republican alternative which would have limited extra coverage to a maximum of 20 weeks , and which included an assortment of tax incentives for businesses and individuals .

This line had been subsequently , if somewhat reluctantly , endorsed by Premier Li Peng , the architect of the suppression of the Tiananmen Square demonstrations , in March , and by Chen Yen , another key hardliner , in May .
this line had been subsequently , if somewhat reluctantly , [approved of] by premier li peng , the architect of the suppression of the tiananmen square demonstrations , in march , and by chen yen , another key hardliner , in may .

The government of Pakistan , which still exerted great influence on Afghan affairs , had endorsed the terms of the Peshawar Accord during a visit by Rabbani on June 24 .
the government of pakistan , which still exerted great influence on afghan affairs , had [approved of] the terms of the peshawar accord during a visit by rabbani on june 24 .

Direct presidential elections on Sept. 8 endorsed the sole candidate , current president ( chair of the Supreme Soviet ) , Ayaz Mutalibov , in a turnout cited by the republic 's central electoral commission as 83.7 per cent , but estimated by the opposition National Democratic Front as no more than 25 per cent .
direct presidential elections on sept. 8 [approved of] the sole candidate , current president ( chair of the supreme soviet ) , ayaz mutalibov , in a turnout cited by the republic 's central electoral commission as 83.7 per cent , but estimated by the opposition national democratic front as no more than 25 per cent .

No immediate secession was envisaged , although this option was endorsed by the hardline nationalist Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization-Democratic Party for Macedonian National Unity , the biggest party in the Macedonian parliament .
no immediate secession was envisaged , although this option was [approved of] by the hardline nationalist internal macedonian revolutionary organization-democratic party for macedonian national unity , the biggest party in the macedonian parliament .

Gorbachev also endorsed the comments of the Soviet Foreign Minister Boris Pankin , who stated on Sept. 5 that Soviet-Cuban relations had to be `` de-ideologized `` and , from now on , had to be based on free-trade terms rather than on previous military or political dogmas .
gorbachev also [approved of] the comments of the soviet foreign minister boris pankin , who stated on sept. 5 that soviet-cuban relations had to be `` de-ideologized `` and , from now on , had to be based on free-trade terms rather than on previous military or political dogmas .

On Sept. 15 a nation-wide referendum had overwhelmingly endorsed new constitutional provisions restoring a parliamentary form of government [ see pp .
on sept. 15 a nation-wide referendum had overwhelmingly [approved of] new constitutional provisions restoring a parliamentary form of government [ see pp .

The Grand National Assembly on Jan. 31 endorsed the coalition government 's programme of economic reforms [ see p. 38017 ] .
the grand national assembly on jan. 31 [approved of] the coalition government 's programme of economic reforms [ see p. 38017 ] .

This was not endorsed , however , by the Serbian Assembly , which met in emergency session on April 2 .
this was not [approved of] , however , by the serbian assembly , which met in emergency session on april 2 .

The law endorsed on April 1 specified voting procedures , and provided for two rounds of voting .
the law [approved of] on april 1 specified voting procedures , and provided for two rounds of voting .

His campaign was endorsed by Cresson , who visited the constituency on June 7 .
his campaign was [approved of] by cresson , who visited the constituency on june 7 .

King Hussein and representatives of the country 's main political movements endorsed a national charter on June 9 lifting the ban on political parties in return for allegiance to the monarchy .
king hussein and representatives of the country 's main political movements [approved of] a national charter on june 9 lifting the ban on political parties in return for allegiance to the monarchy .

Although his views on abortion were not entirely clear , there were clear indications that he had endorsed the position of those who opposed the constitutional right to abortion .
although his views on abortion were not entirely clear , there were clear indications that he had [approved of] the position of those who opposed the constitutional right to abortion .

The bill had also been endorsed in general terms by President George Bush , whilst the House of Representatives was due to consider its own anti-crime bill in September 1991 .
the bill had also been [approved of] in general terms by president george bush , whilst the house of representatives was due to consider its own anti-crime bill in september 1991 .

The Iranian Foreign Minister , Ali Akbar Vellayati , who attended the meeting , told a press conference that the talks were a " turning point " endorsed by " more than 90 per cent of active Afghan groups " .
the iranian foreign minister , ali akbar vellayati , who attended the meeting , told a press conference that the talks were a " turning point " [approved of] by " more than 90 per cent of active afghan groups " .

The president of Nomura , Setsuya Tabuchi — who resigned his position on July 22 — declared that he would not publicly disclose the names of such clients , a stance endorsed by his counterparts in the other securities houses .
the president of nomura , setsuya tabuchi — who resigned his position on july 22 — declared that he would not publicly disclose the names of such clients , a stance [approved of] by his counterparts in the other securities houses .

The draft programme was endorsed by the plenum on July 27 by 358 votes to 15 as a basis for further discussion — the final decision on its adoption and on changing the party 's name to be taken at a party congress in November or December 1991 .
the draft programme was [approved of] by the plenum on july 27 by 358 votes to 15 as a basis for further discussion — the final decision on its adoption and on changing the party 's name to be taken at a party congress in november or december 1991 .

The report also claimed that `` secret official guidelines `` allowing `` moderate physical pressure during interrogation `` had been endorsed by the Israeli government in 1987 .
the report also claimed that `` secret official guidelines `` allowing `` moderate physical pressure during interrogation `` had been [approved of] by the israeli government in 1987 .

On July 4 the National Assembly had endorsed a political parties bill guaranteeing a limited form of democracy .
on july 4 the national assembly had [approved of] a political parties bill guaranteeing a limited form of democracy .

The central standing committee of the ruling Kuomintang on March 6 endorsed a national unification programme formulated by the National Unification Council headed by President Lee Teng-hui .
the central standing committee of the ruling kuomintang on march 6 [approved of] a national unification programme formulated by the national unification council headed by president lee teng-hui .

Yevgeny Primakov , the Deputy Foreign Minister recently prominent in Soviet mediation efforts to end the Gulf Conflict , was similarly rejected in a first round of voting , but was endorsed after he had been renominated .
yevgeny primakov , the deputy foreign minister recently prominent in soviet mediation efforts to end the gulf conflict , was similarly rejected in a first round of voting , but was [approved of] after he had been renominated .

The committee 's ultimate 7-7 vote on Sept. 27 was split on straight party lines except for one Democrat , Dennis De Concini ( Arizona ) , who endorsed Thomas .
the committee 's ultimate 7-7 vote on sept. 27 was split on straight party lines except for one democrat , dennis de concini ( arizona ) , who [approved of] thomas .

On Oct. 17 the government had approved the sale of 101 state companies , and on Oct. 21 it endorsed the privatization of a further 24 state-owned industrial enterprises .
on oct. 17 the government had approved the sale of 101 state companies , and on oct. 21 it [approved of] the privatization of a further 24 state-owned industrial enterprises .

The nominations of Spiess and Babuic were endorsed by the Senate on Oct. 17 , having previously been refused .
the nominations of spiess and babuic were [approved of] by the senate on oct. 17 , having previously been refused .

The agreement , which still had to be endorsed by local chiefs , left central Bougainville as the only area where government services had yet to be restored .
the agreement , which still had to be [approved of] by local chiefs , left central bougainville as the only area where government services had yet to be restored .

The proposals fell far short of arrangements for Palestinian `` full autonomy `` which Israel had endorsed in the first of the two Camp David agreements signed with Egypt in September 1978 [ see pp .
the proposals fell far short of arrangements for palestinian `` full autonomy `` which israel had [approved of] in the first of the two camp david agreements signed with egypt in september 1978 [ see pp .

The official results of the May 11 contest were not expected until June , and then had to be endorsed by Congress , but , with an estimated 86 per cent of the votes counted , unofficial tallies showed Ramos leading his closest rivals , Eduardo `` Danding `` Cojuangco and former judge Miriam Defensor Santiago , by a comfortable but not extensive margin .
the official results of the may 11 contest were not expected until june , and then had to be [approved of] by congress , but , with an estimated 86 per cent of the votes counted , unofficial tallies showed ramos leading his closest rivals , eduardo `` danding `` cojuangco and former judge miriam defensor santiago , by a comfortable but not extensive margin .

The treaty endorsed the principle , already enshrined in the republics ' sovereignty declarations , of republican ownership of land and natural resources , and of the supremacy of republican laws `` in all matters with the exception of those within the competence of the Union `` .
the treaty [approved of] the principle , already enshrined in the republics ' sovereignty declarations , of republican ownership of land and natural resources , and of the supremacy of republican laws `` in all matters with the exception of those within the competence of the union `` .

The meeting endorsed unanimously a resolution agreeing to maintain present high levels of production .
the meeting [approved of] unanimously a resolution agreeing to maintain present high levels of production .

Subsequent reports claimed that Li 's offer had effectively endorsed the status quo under which China retained control over the Aksai-Chin region in northern Kashmir , with India preserving sovereignty over the disputed state of Arunachal Pradesh .
subsequent reports claimed that li 's offer had effectively [approved of] the status quo under which china retained control over the aksai-chin region in northern kashmir , with india preserving sovereignty over the disputed state of arunachal pradesh .

The new Constitution approved by Parliament in November [ see p. 38586 ] was endorsed in a national referendum on Dec. 8 .
the new constitution approved by parliament in november [ see p. 38586 ] was [approved of] in a national referendum on dec. 8 .

Hafez al-Assad 's nomination for a fourth seven-year term as president was endorsed by 99.98 per cent of voters in a referendum held on Dec. 2 .
hafez al-assad 's nomination for a fourth seven-year term as president was [approved of] by 99.98 per cent of voters in a referendum held on dec. 2 .

On Nov. 21 , the Parliament , meeting as the Constituent Assembly , endorsed a new constitution guaranteeing pluralism , human rights , and a free market .
on nov. 21 , the parliament , meeting as the constituent assembly , [approved of] a new constitution guaranteeing pluralism , human rights , and a free market .

It was endorsed by European countries , Canada , Japan and the United States .
it was [approved of] by european countries , canada , japan and the united states .

In May 1990 he had cautiously endorsed the reform plan suggested by the Election System Council , an advisory body to the Prime Minister .
in may 1990 he had cautiously [approved of] the reform plan suggested by the election system council , an advisory body to the prime minister .

In a general election on May 11 , 1987 , candidates endorsed by the President won a decisive majority in both chambers of the new Congress [ see pp .
in a general election on may 11 , 1987 , candidates [approved of] by the president won a decisive majority in both chambers of the new congress [ see pp .

While Walesa endorsed the government 's reform programme in principle , he argued that it should be accelerated to avert social unrest .
while walesa [approved of] the government 's reform programme in principle , he argued that it should be accelerated to avert social unrest .

However , the Israeli High Court eventually endorsed the action and , in the early hours of Dec. 18 , the Palestinians were driven to the northern edge of Israel 's self-declared `` security zone `` in southern Lebanon and forced north into Lebanese-controlled territory .
however , the israeli high court eventually [approved of] the action and , in the early hours of dec. 18 , the palestinians were driven to the northern edge of israel 's self-declared `` security zone `` in southern lebanon and forced north into lebanese-controlled territory .

The Constitution was endorsed by members of the armed forces , whose votes were counted separately , with over 97 per cent backing the changes .
the constitution was [approved of] by members of the armed forces , whose votes were counted separately , with over 97 per cent backing the changes .

Both the interim President Joseph Nerette and the acting Prime Minister Jean Jacques Honorat had earlier argued that to approve the agreement would be unconstitutional , a view endorsed by the Supreme Court on March 27 .
both the interim president joseph nerette and the acting prime minister jean jacques honorat had earlier argued that to approve the agreement would be unconstitutional , a view [approved of] by the supreme court on march 27 .

The report was unanimously endorsed by delegates at close of congress .
the report was unanimously [approved of] by delegates at close of congress .

The report endorsed the existing practice whereby the King appointed a further 10 members to each house .
the report [approved of] the existing practice whereby the king appointed a further 10 members to each house .

On Oct. 15 the House judiciary committee 's Democratic majority demanded that Barr reconsider his earlier refusal to appoint a special prosecutor , a demand which was endorsed fully by Boren .
on oct. 15 the house judiciary committee 's democratic majority demanded that barr reconsider his earlier refusal to appoint a special prosecutor , a demand which was [approved of] fully by boren .

The Congress on Oct. 28 endorsed the government 's plan to increase spending `` to fight subversion in the country `` , with the creation of six new counterinsurgency battalions in addition to the existing 13 .
the congress on oct. 28 [approved of] the government 's plan to increase spending `` to fight subversion in the country `` , with the creation of six new counterinsurgency battalions in addition to the existing 13 .

The agreement endorsed the principle of `` self-sufficiency `` , which stipulated that waste should be treated or disposed of as close as possible to the point of production , although it provided for some flexibility in the case of smaller countries .
the agreement [approved of] the principle of `` self-sufficiency `` , which stipulated that waste should be treated or disposed of as close as possible to the point of production , although it provided for some flexibility in the case of smaller countries .

Yeltsin 's closing speech on April 21 emphasized that the Congress had not resolved any of the problems of the relationship between executive and legislative authority , nor had it endorsed a new constitution for the state .
yeltsin 's closing speech on april 21 emphasized that the congress had not resolved any of the problems of the relationship between executive and legislative authority , nor had it [approved of] a new constitution for the state .

Jaan Manitski , a Swedish-born businessman with dual citizenship , was endorsed by the Supreme Council on April 6 as the new Foreign Minister in place of Lennart Meri , whose resignation had been announced on March 23 .
jaan manitski , a swedish-born businessman with dual citizenship , was [approved of] by the supreme council on april 6 as the new foreign minister in place of lennart meri , whose resignation had been announced on march 23 .

Union leaders protested that while wages had been frozen at a low level , a freeze on prices could not be maintained because of the lack of government inspectors — a fear endorsed by Collor 's television appeal of Feb. 3 asking the general public to be watchdogs against price rises .
union leaders protested that while wages had been frozen at a low level , a freeze on prices could not be maintained because of the lack of government inspectors — a fear [approved of] by collor 's television appeal of feb. 3 asking the general public to be watchdogs against price rises .

Frelimo gave a major boost to its drive for peace on Aug. 16 , when its central committee unanimously endorsed the scheduling of multiparty elections in 1991 and the effective abandonment of the one-party state [ see p. 37643 ; 37843-44 ] .
frelimo gave a major boost to its drive for peace on aug. 16 , when its central committee unanimously [approved of] the scheduling of multiparty elections in 1991 and the effective abandonment of the one-party state [ see p. 37643 ; 37843-44 ] .

Reappointment of Habré as President for seven-year term endorsed by referendum Dec. 22 , 1989 .
reappointment of habré as president for seven-year term [approved of] by referendum dec. 22 , 1989 .

The assembly endorsed the new prime minister by the slimmest of margins .
the assembly [approved of] the new prime minister by the slimmest of margins .

The concept of general SVQs was firmly endorsed in the wide-ranging review of Scottish secondary school education recently completed by the Howie Committee .
the concept of general svqs was firmly [approved of] in the wide-ranging review of scottish secondary school education recently completed by the howie committee .

Again this is not a view which has been endorsed by all , but it does provide an explanation as to why the government 's proposed reforms are largely confined to measures concerned with speeding up the investigatory process and making existing policy more efficient .
again this is not a view which has been [approved of] by all , but it does provide an explanation as to why the government 's proposed reforms are largely confined to measures concerned with speeding up the investigatory process and making existing policy more efficient .

Progress Healthier Lifestyle heart Silverstone tin from George Wilkinson Ltd ; The non-stick finish needs no greasing and is endorsed by Weightwatcher 's recipes .
progress healthier lifestyle heart silverstone tin from george wilkinson ltd ; the non-stick finish needs no greasing and is [approved of] by weightwatcher 's recipes .

‘ It 's not just that the objectives have been achieved , of getting the policy reviews endorsed , and conducting ourselves in a way that will attract the British people .
‘ it 's not just that the objectives have been achieved , of getting the policy reviews [approved of] , and conducting ourselves in a way that will attract the british people .

They were private developers ' schemes , yet the Town and Country Planning Association — which tends the flame of Ebenezer Howard 's garden city ideals — endorsed them .
they were private developers ' schemes , yet the town and country planning association — which tends the flame of ebenezer howard 's garden city ideals — [approved of] them .

As with Dubček in the 1960s , the Soviets endorsed the new Hungarian leaders of 1956 , János Kádár and Imre Nagy , who replaced Rákosi on the latter 's death .
as with dubček in the 1960s , the soviets [approved of] the new hungarian leaders of 1956 , jános kádár and imre nagy , who replaced rákosi on the latter 's death .

The fact that the major period of growth for the Church was a result of the political conflict with liberal unionism meant that most of those who were attracted to the Church were aware of its high political profile and either positively endorsed it , or at least did not find it offensive .
the fact that the major period of growth for the church was a result of the political conflict with liberal unionism meant that most of those who were attracted to the church were aware of its high political profile and either positively [approved of] it , or at least did not find it offensive .

But it is very unlikely that enough super-delegates , more than a quarter of whom have already endorsed Clinton , would gang up to deny him the title .
but it is very unlikely that enough super-delegates , more than a quarter of whom have already [approved of] clinton , would gang up to deny him the title .

Within 25 days of receiving the letter he completed an application for cover — endorsed by his doctor and employer — claiming the benefit .
within 25 days of receiving the letter he completed an application for cover — [approved of] by his doctor and employer — claiming the benefit .

The impression that several Northampton players were suffering from the effects of last Tuesday 's victory at Leicester was endorsed afterwards , and rarely could Olver , Bayfield and Shelford have had such ineffective games .
the impression that several northampton players were suffering from the effects of last tuesday 's victory at leicester was [approved of] afterwards , and rarely could olver , bayfield and shelford have had such ineffective games .

Leicester endorsed their form with an aggressive opening that three times promised a goal in the opening 15 minutes .
leicester [approved of] their form with an aggressive opening that three times promised a goal in the opening 15 minutes .

He said the party 's 49 Scottish MPs would campaign for a multi-option referendum on the country 's future , something which they had endorsed at the meeting .
he said the party 's 49 scottish mps would campaign for a multi-option referendum on the country 's future , something which they had [approved of] at the meeting .

Mr Torres 's campaign was endorsed by a flock of top state politicians and the unions .
mr torres 's campaign was [approved of] by a flock of top state politicians and the unions .

But getting rid of the Iraqi dictator would be , as James Baker , the secretary of state says , a desirable side-effect , not the central objective endorsed by the United Nations and most countries in the world .
but getting rid of the iraqi dictator would be , as james baker , the secretary of state says , a desirable side-effect , not the central objective [approved of] by the united nations and most countries in the world .

Switzerland : parliament endorsed the cancellation of the planned Kaiseraugst power station near Basel .
switzerland : parliament [approved of] the cancellation of the planned kaiseraugst power station near basel .

He publicly endorsed the death sentence on Salman Rushdie — an act which oddly failed to get him charged with the crime of incitement to murder — and wants to set up a Muslim parliament .
he publicly [approved of] the death sentence on salman rushdie — an act which oddly failed to get him charged with the crime of incitement to murder — and wants to set up a muslim parliament .

Mr Cleaver was endorsed by the Kansas City Star , as well as by other mainstream organisations including a group of black Republicans .
mr cleaver was [approved of] by the kansas city star , as well as by other mainstream organisations including a group of black republicans .

President Lee too wants the ‘ old thieves ’ to retire , even though , on March 21st , some 96 % of them endorsed his unopposed candidature .
president lee too wants the ‘ old thieves ’ to retire , even though , on march 21st , some 96 % of them [approved of] his unopposed candidature .

On April 23rd , the day that parliament endorsed the anti-crisis programme , Mr Gorbachev met leaders of nine republics ( excluding the six refuseniks — the three Baltic states plus Georgia , Armenia and Moldavia ) .
on april 23rd , the day that parliament [approved of] the anti-crisis programme , mr gorbachev met leaders of nine republics ( excluding the six refuseniks — the three baltic states plus georgia , armenia and moldavia ) .

Amid dire warnings from Valentin Pavlov , the Soviet prime minister , that industrial production would plunge and millions of jobs would be lost , the Supreme Soviet endorsed his emergency plan to rescue the Soviet economy .
amid dire warnings from valentin pavlov , the soviet prime minister , that industrial production would plunge and millions of jobs would be lost , the supreme soviet [approved of] his emergency plan to rescue the soviet economy .

Mr Gorbachev endorsed the letter , giving Mr Yavlinsky the authority to negotiate a new reform plan with western aid .
mr gorbachev [approved of] the letter , giving mr yavlinsky the authority to negotiate a new reform plan with western aid .

Mr Gorbachev has endorsed both the plan and the idea of soliciting western aid .
mr gorbachev has [approved of] both the plan and the idea of soliciting western aid .

In a long-awaited move , the former Social Democrats ' leader endorsed John Major as the best man to fight Britain 's corner against moves towards a federal Europe .
in a long-awaited move , the former social democrats ' leader [approved of] john major as the best man to fight britain 's corner against moves towards a federal europe .

There were Cotton clubs , Cotton gloves , even vitamin pills endorsed by Cotton .
there were cotton clubs , cotton gloves , even vitamin pills [approved of] by cotton .

She loyally endorsed Mr Major and — despite a few barbs about borrowing too much — confounded predictions that she would rock the boat .
she loyally [approved of] mr major and — despite a few barbs about borrowing too much — confounded predictions that she would rock the boat .

Mr Powell endorsed Nicholas Budgen , the man who succeeded in Wolverhampton South West .
mr powell [approved of] nicholas budgen , the man who succeeded in wolverhampton south west .

So far Mr Jackson has not endorsed Mr Brown , but he has left the impression he would accept an invitation to be on the ticket if the former governor of California beats exceedingly long odds to become the Democrats ' White House nominee .
so far mr jackson has not [approved of] mr brown , but he has left the impression he would accept an invitation to be on the ticket if the former governor of california beats exceedingly long odds to become the democrats ' white house nominee .

The Government endorsed and supported the Countryside Commission 's target designed to bring 120,000 miles of rights of way into good order by the end of the century .
the government [approved of] and supported the countryside commission 's target designed to bring 120,000 miles of rights of way into good order by the end of the century .

Although former presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan endorsed the strong medicine prescribed by previous chairman Paul Volcker , neither was likely to initiate such a devastating cure .
although former presidents jimmy carter and ronald reagan [approved of] the strong medicine prescribed by previous chairman paul volcker , neither was likely to initiate such a devastating cure .

Speaker after speaker endorsed the anti-inflationary weapon of high interest rates .
speaker after speaker [approved of] the anti-inflationary weapon of high interest rates .

As for last week 's increase in interest rates , which he endorsed , Mr Heseltine said : ‘ We must not let the medicine drag out , dissipating our economic strength and dispersing our political support . ’
as for last week 's increase in interest rates , which he [approved of] , mr heseltine said : ‘ we must not let the medicine drag out , dissipating our economic strength and dispersing our political support . ’

Silently he corrected a word , silently he endorsed it .
silently he corrected a word , silently he [approved of] it .

Fracastorius , in whose poem Syphilis , the shepherd , was cured by guaiacum , endorsed the product and it was all the rage until Von Hutten died at the age of 35 of late syphilis in spite of his alleged cure .
fracastorius , in whose poem syphilis , the shepherd , was cured by guaiacum , [approved of] the product and it was all the rage until von hutten died at the age of 35 of late syphilis in spite of his alleged cure .

The decade closed with the publication in 1959 of the Crowther Report : the work of the Central Advisory Council established by the 1944 Act which endorsed the principle of specialization within the sixth form and related it to a high vision of what should be represented by that most English of institutions .
the decade closed with the publication in 1959 of the crowther report : the work of the central advisory council established by the 1944 act which [approved of] the principle of specialization within the sixth form and related it to a high vision of what should be represented by that most english of institutions .

Punjab worries ease as Sikh drops plea for homeland Singh 's National Front endorsed by acclaim .
punjab worries ease as sikh drops plea for homeland singh 's national front [approved of] by acclaim .

Most of the key decisions on military and political expenditure overseas in this period seem to have been taken in the Defence Committee , and simply endorsed by the Cabinet .
most of the key decisions on military and political expenditure overseas in this period seem to have been taken in the defence committee , and simply [approved of] by the cabinet .

But most ballots endorsed proposals for industrial action and all of the union ballots held in 1985 on maintaining a political fund overwhelmingly endorsed the idea .
but most ballots [approved of] proposals for industrial action and all of the union ballots held in 1985 on maintaining a political fund overwhelmingly [approved of] the idea .

This link between subjectivity and subjection , which for the ( political ) post/modernist has to be disclosed before it can be disarticulated , is , by comparison , both assumed and manifestly endorsed in the Renaissance .
this link between subjectivity and subjection , which for the ( political ) post/modernist has to be disclosed before it can be disarticulated , is , by comparison , both assumed and manifestly [approved of] in the renaissance .

This central ‘ rhetorical ’ point is one that would be wholeheartedly endorsed by most modern anthropologists .
this central ‘ rhetorical ’ point is one that would be wholeheartedly [approved of] by most modern anthropologists .

Even though the specific predictions of Engels might not be endorsed by modern anthropologists they would nearly all subscribe to the general thesis that as political and economic conditions change , so will marriage and the family change , and this conclusion is apparently still seen as shocking .
even though the specific predictions of engels might not be [approved of] by modern anthropologists they would nearly all subscribe to the general thesis that as political and economic conditions change , so will marriage and the family change , and this conclusion is apparently still seen as shocking .

Labour 's new policy , overwhelmingly endorsed , draws on Conservative legislation by backing pre-strike ballots and the democratic election of union leaders .
labour 's new policy , overwhelmingly [approved of] , draws on conservative legislation by backing pre-strike ballots and the democratic election of union leaders .

Following the experiences of the dockers in the summer , Labour will seek to limit the opportunity of employers to seek interlocutory injunctions to stop strikes which have been endorsed by lawful ballots .
following the experiences of the dockers in the summer , labour will seek to limit the opportunity of employers to seek interlocutory injunctions to stop strikes which have been [approved of] by lawful ballots .

It is also important that he has endorsed the county council 's structure plan .
it is also important that he has [approved of] the county council 's structure plan .

Mrs Aquino 's spokesman , Adolfo Azcuna , said the cabinet unanimously endorsed her decision to bar the body of Mr Marcos , who died in exile in Hawaii last Thursday .
mrs aquino 's spokesman , adolfo azcuna , said the cabinet unanimously [approved of] her decision to bar the body of mr marcos , who died in exile in hawaii last thursday .

Labour Party leaders , meanwhile , saw their plan for new industrial laws overwhelmingly endorsed at the party conference in Brighton .
labour party leaders , meanwhile , saw their plan for new industrial laws overwhelmingly [approved of] at the party conference in brighton .

In so doing they legitimated and endorsed the status quo , and fulfilled an ideological function of agent of disguised social control .
in so doing they legitimated and [approved of] the status quo , and fulfilled an ideological function of agent of disguised social control .

It seems that for some time the firm had been issuing such promissory notes and having them endorsed by its local bank in Bihać ( where , incidentally , the partisans held the first meeting of the Anti-Fascist Council for the Liberation of Yugoslavia ) .
it seems that for some time the firm had been issuing such promissory notes and having them [approved of] by its local bank in bihać ( where , incidentally , the partisans held the first meeting of the anti-fascist council for the liberation of yugoslavia ) .

Indeed , it even handed over several copies of its official stamp to Agrokomerc , so that the notes could be endorsed without the bother of sending them to the bank .
indeed , it even handed over several copies of its official stamp to agrokomerc , so that the notes could be [approved of] without the bother of sending them to the bank .

Yesterday , however , the ministers endorsed a counter-proposal prepared by senior treasury officials , which asks that the current zero-rating mechanisms are maintained ‘ for a limited period ’ , on the grounds that too little time is left to adapt to a new system .
yesterday , however , the ministers [approved of] a counter-proposal prepared by senior treasury officials , which asks that the current zero-rating mechanisms are maintained ‘ for a limited period ’ , on the grounds that too little time is left to adapt to a new system .

But Neil Kinnock has endorsed the McNamara line on this issue and he has endorsed the main arguments used to justify it .
but neil kinnock has [approved of] the mcnamara line on this issue and he has [approved of] the main arguments used to justify it .

‘ Modern economics , as well as the geography of the whole of Ireland means that ultimately — and ultimately can be a very long way away — our Labour Party policy on reunification is the one that will be endorsed .
‘ modern economics , as well as the geography of the whole of ireland means that ultimately — and ultimately can be a very long way away — our labour party policy on reunification is the one that will be [approved of] .

‘ But unless and until it is endorsed by consent by all the communities in Northern Ireland there can be no significant move forward in that direction . ’
‘ but unless and until it is [approved of] by consent by all the communities in northern ireland there can be no significant move forward in that direction . ’

Isaac 's blessing was endorsed and enlarged by God in the vision at Bethel .
isaac 's blessing was [approved of] and enlarged by god in the vision at bethel .

‘ There are many low grade operations around , but those registered with the Farm Holiday Bureau and the regional tourist boards have their quality endorsed , and that is what the customer is increasingly looking for .
‘ there are many low grade operations around , but those registered with the farm holiday bureau and the regional tourist boards have their quality [approved of] , and that is what the customer is increasingly looking for .

The trade unions dominated the conference and endorsed the policies of their leaders .
the trade unions dominated the conference and [approved of] the policies of their leaders .

2 On receipt of this letter signed and endorsed by you , we will pay you £1,000 , and on receipt of the satisfactory script for Activity Book 1 we will pay you a further £1,500 .
2 on receipt of this letter signed and [approved of] by you , we will pay you £1,000 , and on receipt of the satisfactory script for activity book 1 we will pay you a further £1,500 .

On 9 February 1988 the House resolved by 318 votes to 263 to approve in principle ‘ the holding of an experiment in the public broadcasting of its proceedings by television … ’ ; a select committee , chaired by the Leader of the House , was appointed to consider the implementation of the experiment ; and on 12 June 1989 the House endorsed , by a majority of 293 to 69 , the report of the Committee .
on 9 february 1988 the house resolved by 318 votes to 263 to approve in principle ‘ the holding of an experiment in the public broadcasting of its proceedings by television … ’ ; a select committee , chaired by the leader of the house , was appointed to consider the implementation of the experiment ; and on 12 june 1989 the house [approved of] , by a majority of 293 to 69 , the report of the committee .

The administrative arrangements and rules adopted for the experiment have been endorsed by the House for the permanent coverage , and so , for the time being , the House is televised and reported on television today in much the same way as during the experiment .
the administrative arrangements and rules adopted for the experiment have been [approved of] by the house for the permanent coverage , and so , for the time being , the house is televised and reported on television today in much the same way as during the experiment .

The Committee recommended that , pending further review , the somewhat complicated administrative and financial arrangements which were endorsed by the House and used during the experiment should continue until 31 July 1991 .
the committee recommended that , pending further review , the somewhat complicated administrative and financial arrangements which were [approved of] by the house and used during the experiment should continue until 31 july 1991 .

For too long education has been a state within a state , with its own corporatist culture of welfare dependency , and levelling dogma and practice — practice for years endorsed and encouraged by the supposedly independent inspectorate of schools .
for too long education has been a state within a state , with its own corporatist culture of welfare dependency , and levelling dogma and practice — practice for years [approved of] and encouraged by the supposedly independent inspectorate of schools .

Although the policy review will be endorsed by the conference , giving Neil Kinnock the freedom to go on to the offensive against the Conservatives in the run-up to the next general election , there are a number of areas of potential conflict .
although the policy review will be [approved of] by the conference , giving neil kinnock the freedom to go on to the offensive against the conservatives in the run-up to the next general election , there are a number of areas of potential conflict .

The council has endorsed a recommendation from the committee that there should be no change to the restrictions placed on inter-dealer broker services , which many market makers have criticised .
the council has [approved of] a recommendation from the committee that there should be no change to the restrictions placed on inter-dealer broker services , which many market makers have criticised .

Yesterday he endorsed his doubles standing when he and his partner Jim Grabb , already through to the semi-finals of the Nabisco Masters doubles championship at the Royal Albert Hall , finished their round-robin group matches unbeaten when they defeated the Australians Mark Kratzmann and Darren Cahill 7-6 , 6-1 , 6-4 .
yesterday he [approved of] his doubles standing when he and his partner jim grabb , already through to the semi-finals of the nabisco masters doubles championship at the royal albert hall , finished their round-robin group matches unbeaten when they defeated the australians mark kratzmann and darren cahill 7-6 , 6-1 , 6-4 .

‘ They fully endorsed the right of Wheatley to use the veto at his discretion .
‘ they fully [approved of] the right of wheatley to use the veto at his discretion .

‘ They fully endorsed the right of Wheatley to use the veto at his discretion .
‘ they fully [approved of] the right of wheatley to use the veto at his discretion .

Although the summit unanimously endorsed the declaration , one foreign minister said later : ‘ We leave Strasbourg with some sense of unfinished business over the German question . ’
although the summit unanimously [approved of] the declaration , one foreign minister said later : ‘ we leave strasbourg with some sense of unfinished business over the german question . ’

They will form part of the European Social Charter , which was endorsed by the weekend summit here , and deal with working hours , rights to information and consultation , and measures to protect temporary workers .
they will form part of the european social charter , which was [approved of] by the weekend summit here , and deal with working hours , rights to information and consultation , and measures to protect temporary workers .

Shortly afterwards Mrs Thatcher found herself similarly isolated in a one to 11 minority when the other heads of government endorsed a Declaration of Social Rights .
shortly afterwards mrs thatcher found herself similarly isolated in a one to 11 minority when the other heads of government [approved of] a declaration of social rights .

Mr Hurd said the council had endorsed the screening procedure .
mr hurd said the council had [approved of] the screening procedure .

The insanity claim she hoped would be endorsed by the fact that she had spent several brief periods in mental institutions in Wells and Gloucester .
the insanity claim she hoped would be [approved of] by the fact that she had spent several brief periods in mental institutions in wells and gloucester .

The efforts being made now to change these attitudes are seeking to reverse a trend which persisted for most of this century endorsed by official government attitudes to the care of the handicapped .
the efforts being made now to change these attitudes are seeking to reverse a trend which persisted for most of this century [approved of] by official government attitudes to the care of the handicapped .

One of the principal means of fulfilling this responsibility has been the development of the concept and practice of ‘ multicultural ’ education , which the Swann Report endorsed .
one of the principal means of fulfilling this responsibility has been the development of the concept and practice of ‘ multicultural ’ education , which the swann report [approved of] .

The government has endorsed many of the Elton Committee 's recommendations , most of which call for action by schools and LEAs rather than central government .
the government has [approved of] many of the elton committee 's recommendations , most of which call for action by schools and leas rather than central government .

This emphasis has been endorsed by the mathematics and science teachers ' associations , and by the National Association for the Teaching of English as well as by cross-subject movements such as the Association for Primary Education .
this emphasis has been [approved of] by the mathematics and science teachers ' associations , and by the national association for the teaching of english as well as by cross-subject movements such as the association for primary education .

But before this is done the Home Secretary must expressly authorize the granting of the warrant which must be endorsed with a statement of that fact .
but before this is done the home secretary must expressly authorize the granting of the warrant which must be [approved of] with a statement of that fact .

When the inner world needs the security of a legally endorsed status , marriage can provide it .
when the inner world needs the security of a legally [approved of] status , marriage can provide it .

His plan was endorsed ; he then sat down and wrote a letter to the Director of Education in Bath Street ; and that gentleman 's reply was positive .
his plan was [approved of] ; he then sat down and wrote a letter to the director of education in bath street ; and that gentleman 's reply was positive .

There the Lord Chancellor endorsed the rights of ‘ free inhabitants of ancient messuages ’ in Saltash to dredge for oysters between Candlemas ( February 2nd ) and Easter each year , as they had ‘ from time immemorial ’ , the fishermen 's triumph over the Corporation is commemorated by a plaque on the ‘ Wheatsheaf ’ .
there the lord chancellor [approved of] the rights of ‘ free inhabitants of ancient messuages ’ in saltash to dredge for oysters between candlemas ( february 2nd ) and easter each year , as they had ‘ from time immemorial ’ , the fishermen 's triumph over the corporation is commemorated by a plaque on the ‘ wheatsheaf ’ .

This generous view was endorsed by the Reverend Shaw in 1788 ; ‘ All ranks in this County are very sociable , generous and kind to each other ’ .
this generous view was [approved of] by the reverend shaw in 1788 ; ‘ all ranks in this county are very sociable , generous and kind to each other ’ .

Disclosure that a particular Committee had dealt with a matter might lead to argument about the status of the decision or demands that it should be endorsed by the whole Cabinet .
disclosure that a particular committee had dealt with a matter might lead to argument about the status of the decision or demands that it should be [approved of] by the whole cabinet .

The European Parliament recently endorsed a package of four measures , laying down Community rules on advertising , labelling , wholesale distribution and legal classification of drugs into categories of prescription-only and over-the-counter .
the european parliament recently [approved of] a package of four measures , laying down community rules on advertising , labelling , wholesale distribution and legal classification of drugs into categories of prescription-only and over-the-counter .

Nationally endorsed policies suggest a need for consistency and co-ordination in implementation .
nationally [approved of] policies suggest a need for consistency and co-ordination in implementation .

Once again opinions vary as to whether conditions should be attached with the aim of controlling odour pollution and is regarded by some planners as an undesirable duplication of powers , a view endorsed by the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution especially with regard to planning conditions designed to control air pollution from registered works .
once again opinions vary as to whether conditions should be attached with the aim of controlling odour pollution and is regarded by some planners as an undesirable duplication of powers , a view [approved of] by the royal commission on environmental pollution especially with regard to planning conditions designed to control air pollution from registered works .

An account of anaphoric processing based on the idea that there are two broad classes of anaphoric expression was suggested by Sag and Hankamer ( 1984 ) , whose ideas were already known to , and tentatively endorsed by , Johnson-Laird ( 1983 ) in his most complete account of the mental models framework .
an account of anaphoric processing based on the idea that there are two broad classes of anaphoric expression was suggested by sag and hankamer ( 1984 ) , whose ideas were already known to , and tentatively [approved of] by , johnson-laird ( 1983 ) in his most complete account of the mental models framework .

Ministers have already decided that they will have to give cable operators a free choice on the technology they use , provided it meets the basic requirements already laid down by the DoI and endorsed last month by the Eden Committee .
ministers have already decided that they will have to give cable operators a free choice on the technology they use , provided it meets the basic requirements already laid down by the doi and [approved of] last month by the eden committee .

The latter move was endorsed by the Soviet government , but it was an acknowledgement of an accomplished fact over which it had little or no control .
the latter move was [approved of] by the soviet government , but it was an acknowledgement of an accomplished fact over which it had little or no control .

The county council 's Social Services committee endorsed the paper 's key objectives at their meeting last week .
the county council 's social services committee [approved of] the paper 's key objectives at their meeting last week .

Subsequent studies have not endorsed this , but they seem to show that there is a more modest level of improvement .
subsequent studies have not [approved of] this , but they seem to show that there is a more modest level of improvement .

Those who provide library services should not restrict this access except by standards which are endorsed by law .
those who provide library services should not restrict this access except by standards which are [approved of] by law .

He claimed that as only thirty architects had submitted Gothic designs in the competition and there were 200 other designs , his views were endorsed by the majority of architects .
he claimed that as only thirty architects had submitted gothic designs in the competition and there were 200 other designs , his views were [approved of] by the majority of architects .

Even if each person voting had a concrete intention to support every sentence he or she endorsed , there is no coherent way of finding a common denominator among their divergent positions .
even if each person voting had a concrete intention to support every sentence he or she [approved of] , there is no coherent way of finding a common denominator among their divergent positions .

The drafters implicitly endorsed the principle that all men are created equal and because they are created equal , they are entitled to equal treatment before the law .
the drafters implicitly [approved of] the principle that all men are created equal and because they are created equal , they are entitled to equal treatment before the law .

The County Commission has endorsed a request to boost the filing fee from $ 10 to $ 25 and could approve an ordinance as early as Tuesday to implement the fee hike .
the county commission has [approved of] a request to boost the filing fee from $ 10 to $ 25 and could approve an ordinance as early as tuesday to implement the fee hike .

The law was passed in 1988 and endorsed by the Clinton administration in 1996 and by the Bush administration last year .
the law was passed in 1988 and [approved of] by the clinton administration in 1996 and by the bush administration last year .

Hargarten endorsed that idea , but added that there was little funding for training in clinical research in emergency medicine .
hargarten [approved of] that idea , but added that there was little funding for training in clinical research in emergency medicine .

This attribution may be less endorsed with medical conditions such as liver disease or pancreatitis .
this attribution may be less [approved of] with medical conditions such as liver disease or pancreatitis .

Elinor Walker endorsed the notion of using `` the emergency care setting '' rather than `` the ED '' particularly to include focus on the pre-hospital care setting .
elinor walker [approved of] the notion of using `` the emergency care setting '' rather than `` the ed '' particularly to include focus on the pre-hospital care setting .

It is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs , and we are pleased that it has been endorsed by the federal Chief Information Officers Council .
it is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs , and we are pleased that it has been [approved of] by the federal chief information officers council .

It is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs , and we are pleased that it has been endorsed by the federal Chief Information Officers Council .
it is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs , and we are pleased that it has been [approved of] by the federal chief information officers council .

Participants endorsed the plan and offered their support for achieving its goals .
participants [approved of] the plan and offered their support for achieving its goals .

The plan was presented and endorsed by the Missouri Bar Board of Governors at its March 29 , 2000 meeting .
the plan was presented and [approved of] by the missouri bar board of governors at its march 29 , 2000 meeting .

Adopting the lag structure used in the Tier 2/Gasoline Sulfur and Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIAs and endorsed by the SAB ( EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-00-001 , 1999 ) , we assume a five-year lag structure .
adopting the lag structure used in the tier 2/gasoline sulfur and heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel rias and [approved of] by the sab ( epa-sab-council-adv-00-001 , 1999 ) , we assume a five-year lag structure .

Bush had endorsed a concept already urged by Director of Central Intelligence William Casey-a Counterterrorist Center , where the FBI , the CIA , and other organizations could work together on international terrorism .
bush had [approved of] a concept already urged by director of central intelligence william casey-a counterterrorist center , where the fbi , the cia , and other organizations could work together on international terrorism .

The principals endorsed the proposed programs ; some , like expanding the number of Joint Terrorism Task Forces , moved forward , and others , like creating a centralized translation unit for domestic intelligence intercepts in Arabic and other languages , did not .
the principals [approved of] the proposed programs ; some , like expanding the number of joint terrorism task forces , moved forward , and others , like creating a centralized translation unit for domestic intelligence intercepts in arabic and other languages , did not .

Building New Capabilities : The CIA The after-action review had treated the CIA as the lead agency for any offensive against al Qaeda , and the principals , at their March 10 meeting , had endorsed strengthening the CIA 's capability for that role .
building new capabilities : the cia the after-action review had treated the cia as the lead agency for any offensive against al qaeda , and the principals , at their march 10 meeting , had [approved of] strengthening the cia 's capability for that role .

At the meeting , the deputies endorsed covert aid to Uzbekistan .
at the meeting , the deputies [approved of] covert aid to uzbekistan .

There is some dispute as to whether or not the Deputies Committee endorsed resuming reconnaissance flights at its April 30 , 2001 , meeting .
there is some dispute as to whether or not the deputies committee [approved of] resuming reconnaissance flights at its april 30 , 2001 , meeting .

His seminars and lecture courses were enthusiastically received and endorsed by countless students , post-doctoral trainees , and faculty , as evidenced both by his formidable reputation and through the numerous citations of his work .
his seminars and lecture courses were enthusiastically received and [approved of] by countless students , post-doctoral trainees , and faculty , as evidenced both by his formidable reputation and through the numerous citations of his work .

They enthusiastically endorsed a notion , floated by the European Commission , of a European Research Area ( ERA ) .
they enthusiastically [approved of] a notion , floated by the european commission , of a european research area ( era ) .

It endorsed the creation of an ERC as ‘ the cornerstone for the ERA and the key approach to developing a locus for…long-term fundamental curiosity-driven research judged on the basis of excellence and merit ’ .
it [approved of] the creation of an erc as ‘ the cornerstone for the era and the key approach to developing a locus for…long-term fundamental curiosity-driven research judged on the basis of excellence and merit ’ .

They only let me stay at the Real Desert Hotel , and in a mildewed room they ca n't rent , cause my uncle once endorsed the place .
they only let me stay at the real desert hotel , and in a mildewed room they ca n't rent , cause my uncle once [approved of] the place .

Heisenberg also endorsed an interpretation of his relations as rejecting a reality in which particles have simultaneous definite values for position and momentum .
heisenberg also [approved of] an interpretation of his relations as rejecting a reality in which particles have simultaneous definite values for position and momentum .

I do not mean to jeer , but the point is that , beginning with Future Schlock ( endorsed by Richard Nixon and later by Newt Gingrich ) , every technological change is hailed with a whiz , boom , bang , etc .
i do not mean to jeer , but the point is that , beginning with future schlock ( [approved of] by richard nixon and later by newt gingrich ) , every technological change is hailed with a whiz , boom , bang , etc .

On the other side , Gerald Ford and Bob Dole -- both of whom had offered censure plans -- have endorsed impeachment .
on the other side , gerald ford and bob dole -- both of whom had offered censure plans -- have [approved of] impeachment .

Clinton also indirectly endorsed the overthrow of Saddam Hussein , calling him `` an impediment to the well-being of his people and a threat to the peace of the region and the security of the world . ''
clinton also indirectly [approved of] the overthrow of saddam hussein , calling him `` an impediment to the well-being of his people and a threat to the peace of the region and the security of the world . ''

Phil Gramm , Olympia Snowe , and Russell Feingold ) ; proposed oil drilling along the California coast ( according to Rep. Randy `` Duke '' Cunningham ) ; Bill Clinton 's relationship with Monica Lewinsky ( according to a resolution submitted by several Democratic senators ) ; lots of arts funded by the National Endowment for the Arts ( according to Rep. Ron Packard ) ; sex between children and adults ( according to a House resolution endorsed by just about everybody that apparently came out of a broadcast by radio therapist Dr. Laura Schlessinger ) ; and many , many other things .
phil gramm , olympia snowe , and russell feingold ) ; proposed oil drilling along the california coast ( according to rep. randy `` duke '' cunningham ) ; bill clinton 's relationship with monica lewinsky ( according to a resolution submitted by several democratic senators ) ; lots of arts funded by the national endowment for the arts ( according to rep. ron packard ) ; sex between children and adults ( according to a house resolution [approved of] by just about everybody that apparently came out of a broadcast by radio therapist dr. laura schlessinger ) ; and many , many other things .

California 's new governor , Democrat Gray Davis , has endorsed a diversity plan for the University of California system that would replace the programs swept away by a 1996 ballot initiative .
california 's new governor , democrat gray davis , has [approved of] a diversity plan for the university of california system that would replace the programs swept away by a 1996 ballot initiative .

He later endorsed strong standards for both teachers and students , which annoyed many teachers but made him a hero to school reformers .
he later [approved of] strong standards for both teachers and students , which annoyed many teachers but made him a hero to school reformers .

Fob James of `` down-and-dirty , '' `` soulless , '' and `` win-at-cost '' politics because they called African-American Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington a `` liberal Democratic political boss '' and printed his picture when Arrington endorsed James ' primary opponent .
fob james of `` down-and-dirty , '' `` soulless , '' and `` win-at-cost '' politics because they called african-american birmingham mayor richard arrington a `` liberal democratic political boss '' and printed his picture when arrington [approved of] james ' primary opponent .

Because it was n't yet clear whether these limits were constitutional -- the Supreme Court decided in 1995 that they were n't -- the Contract With America also endorsed a term limits amendment to the Constitution .
because it was n't yet clear whether these limits were constitutional -- the supreme court decided in 1995 that they were n't -- the contract with america also [approved of] a term limits amendment to the constitution .

That fiction is embodied in the 1997 balanced budget agreement both Clinton and congressional leaders endorsed two years ago .
that fiction is embodied in the 1997 balanced budget agreement both clinton and congressional leaders [approved of] two years ago .

The AFL-CIO endorsed Al Gore 's presidential bid .
the afl-cio [approved of] al gore 's presidential bid .

I have n't `` endorsed '' anyone , or come close .
i have n't `` [approved of] '' anyone , or come close .

Keene , N.H. , Sept. 14 , Mayor Pat Russell endorsed Vice President Gore for president today .
keene , n.h. , sept. 14 , mayor pat russell [approved of] vice president gore for president today .

Dover , N.H. , Sept. 8 , Mayor William Boc today endorsed Vice President Gore for president , citing Gore 's leading role in improving the nation 's economy and his tireless efforts on behalf of America 's working families : `` He has been a tireless advocate for the working families of America . ''
dover , n.h. , sept. 8 , mayor william boc today [approved of] vice president gore for president , citing gore 's leading role in improving the nation 's economy and his tireless efforts on behalf of america 's working families : `` he has been a tireless advocate for the working families of america . ''

In the current issue of Statistical Science , Australian mathematician Brendan McKay and three Israeli colleagues have convincingly debunked them , and the former editor of Statistical Science who published the original paper has endorsed their rebuttal .
in the current issue of statistical science , australian mathematician brendan mckay and three israeli colleagues have convincingly debunked them , and the former editor of statistical science who published the original paper has [approved of] their rebuttal .

Hillary Clinton endorsed Israel 's claim to an `` indivisible '' Jerusalem .
hillary clinton [approved of] israel 's claim to an `` indivisible '' jerusalem .

He endorsed George W. Bush .
he [approved of] george w. bush .

In a campaign ad endorsed by Senate Democrats and the White House , Vice President Al Gore warned , `` This vote goes against the tide of history . ''
in a campaign ad [approved of] by senate democrats and the white house , vice president al gore warned , `` this vote goes against the tide of history . ''

The pope has endorsed sexual equality in the workplace and in society , but there is no doubt that he subscribes to a Christian version of difference feminism .
the pope has [approved of] sexual equality in the workplace and in society , but there is no doubt that he subscribes to a christian version of difference feminism .

Last Friday , the day Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan endorsed Bradley , the campaign netted $ 13,000 over the Internet .
last friday , the day sen. daniel patrick moynihan [approved of] bradley , the campaign netted $ 13,000 over the internet .

That is the fate that awaits those of us , we are told , who do n't consume the escalating amount of calcium -- now at a quart of milk a day or the equivalent -- endorsed by public health officials .
that is the fate that awaits those of us , we are told , who do n't consume the escalating amount of calcium -- now at a quart of milk a day or the equivalent -- [approved of] by public health officials .

Nevertheless , many pundits point out that the Teamsters and the UAW have not yet endorsed Gore , and that Bill Bradley now has as much money as Gore does .
nevertheless , many pundits point out that the teamsters and the uaw have not yet [approved of] gore , and that bill bradley now has as much money as gore does .

The Wall Street Journal group of psychologists you mention who endorsed The Bell Curve are partisans of a now-anachronistic subfield in psychology , and are not representative .
the wall street journal group of psychologists you mention who [approved of] the bell curve are partisans of a now-anachronistic subfield in psychology , and are not representative .

The political answer to this , which many progressive supporters of free trade have endorsed , is a combination of aggressive free trade coupled with programs aimed to cushion and compensate for the social dislocations which free trade causes .
the political answer to this , which many progressive supporters of free trade have [approved of] , is a combination of aggressive free trade coupled with programs aimed to cushion and compensate for the social dislocations which free trade causes .

Even the defeat of Sen. Al D'Amato , R-N.Y. , who was renowned for gobbling up federal pork and was endorsed by the nation 's leading gay rights group , is being celebrated by the New York Times as `` a public verdict on the bare-knuckle style of Republicanism that has become the fashion in Washington , '' in contrast to the `` conciliatory style '' of `` moderate '' Republicans .
even the defeat of sen. al d'amato , r-n.y. , who was renowned for gobbling up federal pork and was [approved of] by the nation 's leading gay rights group , is being celebrated by the new york times as `` a public verdict on the bare-knuckle style of republicanism that has become the fashion in washington , '' in contrast to the `` conciliatory style '' of `` moderate '' republicans .

Five states -- Arizona , Maine , Michigan , New Jersey , and North Carolina -- endorsed ballot initiatives to expand state environmental funding and , in all but Arizona , by huge margins .
five states -- arizona , maine , michigan , new jersey , and north carolina -- [approved of] ballot initiatives to expand state environmental funding and , in all but arizona , by huge margins .

He agreed to send a bipartisan staff delegation to inspect documents Starr withheld from Congress ( which Democrats suspect may include exculpatory evidence ) , ordered a hearing to address the Democrats ' query on what constitutes an impeachable offense , and endorsed the idea of giving the Democrats subpoena power .
he agreed to send a bipartisan staff delegation to inspect documents starr withheld from congress ( which democrats suspect may include exculpatory evidence ) , ordered a hearing to address the democrats ' query on what constitutes an impeachable offense , and [approved of] the idea of giving the democrats subpoena power .

California 's conservative attorney general also endorsed a proposed study to settle the debate over the benefits of medical marijuana .
california 's conservative attorney general also [approved of] a proposed study to settle the debate over the benefits of medical marijuana .

New disclosures in the scandal : 1 ) The New York Times reported that Webster Hubbell was paid far more money in the months after his resignation than had been previously thought , much of it from Clinton 's friends and donors , and that the administration endorsed a project in China that was financially important to the Riady family just after a Riady-controlled company put Hubbell on its payroll .
new disclosures in the scandal : 1 ) the new york times reported that webster hubbell was paid far more money in the months after his resignation than had been previously thought , much of it from clinton 's friends and donors , and that the administration [approved of] a project in china that was financially important to the riady family just after a riady-controlled company put hubbell on its payroll .

Moynihan endorsed Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey against Clinton in the 1992 primary .
moynihan [approved of] nebraska sen. bob kerrey against clinton in the 1992 primary .

NYT sources suggest what these violations might be : She used the bank 's name in dealings unrelated to her job and she endorsed her husband 's application for several accounts without mentioning that they were married .
nyt sources suggest what these violations might be : she used the bank 's name in dealings unrelated to her job and she [approved of] her husband 's application for several accounts without mentioning that they were married .

George Pataki endorsed the shift in stance to curry favor with other Republican governors in hopes of a GOP vice presidential nod .
george pataki [approved of] the shift in stance to curry favor with other republican governors in hopes of a gop vice presidential nod .

Bill Gates answers the Economist , which endorsed the Justice Department antitrust lawsuit in a May 23 cover story .
bill gates answers the economist , which [approved of] the justice department antitrust lawsuit in a may 23 cover story .

After Messinger gave a major address a few weeks back , the Daily News sardonically endorsed her as the `` Mayor of Mars , '' observing with a characteristically light touch that her speech had furnished evidence of life on `` the Red Planet . ''
after messinger gave a major address a few weeks back , the daily news sardonically [approved of] her as the `` mayor of mars , '' observing with a characteristically light touch that her speech had furnished evidence of life on `` the red planet . ''

In 1981 , she endorsed Frank Barbaro , about the closest thing the city has recently had to a Democratic Socialist candidate for mayor .
in 1981 , she [approved of] frank barbaro , about the closest thing the city has recently had to a democratic socialist candidate for mayor .

After Robert Kennedy 's assassination in 1968 , he endorsed strong gun control legislation , and as recently as last year he declared that AK-47s are `` inappropriate for private use . ''
after robert kennedy 's assassination in 1968 , he [approved of] strong gun control legislation , and as recently as last year he declared that ak-47s are `` inappropriate for private use . ''

The Post reports that Clinton intends to call on all U.S. health insurers to adopt standards , endorsed yesterday by a presidential commission , for easier patient access to treatment , better health care information flow and improved appeals procedures .
the post reports that clinton intends to call on all u.s. health insurers to adopt standards , [approved of] yesterday by a presidential commission , for easier patient access to treatment , better health care information flow and improved appeals procedures .

The NYT health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest , piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals -- like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans -- that the Clinton administration has subsequently endorsed .
the nyt health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest , piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals -- like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans -- that the clinton administration has subsequently [approved of] .

The piece also mentions that Bush has endorsed Clinton 's stance on the current Iraq imbroglio .
the piece also mentions that bush has [approved of] clinton 's stance on the current iraq imbroglio .

After years of actively opposing the reporting by New York 's doctors of HIV-positive people to state health departments , the Gay Men 's Health Crisis has just endorsed the practice .
after years of actively opposing the reporting by new york 's doctors of hiv-positive people to state health departments , the gay men 's health crisis has just [approved of] the practice .

On Sunday , Bill Kristol , the editor of the Weekly Standard , endorsed the idea on This Week With Sam and Cokie , saying that the GOP should urge Buchanan to leave .
on sunday , bill kristol , the editor of the weekly standard , [approved of] the idea on this week with sam and cokie , saying that the gop should urge buchanan to leave .

Several pundits note that Bradley may be peaking early and that Moynihan also endorsed Bob Kerry in 1992 and Ted Kennedy in 1980 ( Mara Liasson , Fox ; Margaret Carlson , Capital Gang ) .
several pundits note that bradley may be peaking early and that moynihan also [approved of] bob kerry in 1992 and ted kennedy in 1980 ( mara liasson , fox ; margaret carlson , capital gang ) .

The Strange Death , published by The Free Press , a division of Simon & Schuster , is endorsed as `` serious and compelling '' by former FBI Director William Sessions .
the strange death , published by the free press , a division of simon & schuster , is [approved of] as `` serious and compelling '' by former fbi director william sessions .

The New Jersey Environmental Federation has endorsed Andrews , a fact that Shore Revised trumpets .
the new jersey environmental federation has [approved of] andrews , a fact that shore revised trumpets .

On The McLaughlin Group , even Pat Buchanan -- who ardently opposed the Gulf War back in 1990 -- endorsed unilateral American military action , noting only that Saddam will `` take hits for a long time . ''
on the mclaughlin group , even pat buchanan -- who ardently opposed the gulf war back in 1990 -- [approved of] unilateral american military action , noting only that saddam will `` take hits for a long time . ''

Wacky Tangent of the Week : Washington Week in Review host Ken Bode scolded the New York Times Magazine for a Nov. 9 fashion spread he said endorsed the now-discredited fashion trend of `` heroin chic . ''
wacky tangent of the week : washington week in review host ken bode scolded the new york times magazine for a nov. 9 fashion spread he said [approved of] the now-discredited fashion trend of `` heroin chic . ''

Shields is dumbstruck by Livingston 's slippery deftness but gets off this quip : `` I have no idea whose side you 're on or whom you 're defending but I know you just endorsed the New Testament . ''
shields is dumbstruck by livingston 's slippery deftness but gets off this quip : `` i have no idea whose side you 're on or whom you 're defending but i know you just [approved of] the new testament . ''

Again , we have some silly palaver assuring us that Levinthal is aware that these items depict stereotyped images of blacks -- as though we suspected that he endorsed them , or thought they were realistic .
again , we have some silly palaver assuring us that levinthal is aware that these items depict stereotyped images of blacks -- as though we suspected that he [approved of] them , or thought they were realistic .

It 's official : Over the past week , in rapid succession , the editorial pages of both the New York Times and the Washington Post endorsed what the Post called a `` disarmingly simple alternative to traditional affirmative action '' when it comes to college admissions .
it 's official : over the past week , in rapid succession , the editorial pages of both the new york times and the washington post [approved of] what the post called a `` disarmingly simple alternative to traditional affirmative action '' when it comes to college admissions .

The Times reported that Human Rights Watch endorsed the China deal , but failed to point out that the organization is conditioning its support in the following way :
the times reported that human rights watch [approved of] the china deal , but failed to point out that the organization is conditioning its support in the following way :

That Clinton , who condemned the violent protests but welcomed the peaceful ones , in effect endorsed one of the protesters ' key complaints : that the WTO is far too secretive .
that clinton , who condemned the violent protests but welcomed the peaceful ones , in effect [approved of] one of the protesters ' key complaints : that the wto is far too secretive .

The LAT sees things more strongly , leading off its piece with the claim that with the decision , the court `` strongly endorsed the cause of campaign reform . ''
the lat sees things more strongly , leading off its piece with the claim that with the decision , the court `` strongly [approved of] the cause of campaign reform . ''

Leaving aside the minor nuance that Bradley never endorsed any test at all , let alone a `` litmus '' test for the Joint Chiefs chairman , is McCain right to argue that Gore 's position is unreasonable ?
leaving aside the minor nuance that bradley never [approved of] any test at all , let alone a `` litmus '' test for the joint chiefs chairman , is mccain right to argue that gore 's position is unreasonable ?

You knew it was going to be a bad night for Forbes from the first question put to him by John DiStaso of the Manchester Union-Leader , the conservative paper that has actually endorsed him .
you knew it was going to be a bad night for forbes from the first question put to him by john distaso of the manchester union-leader , the conservative paper that has actually [approved of] him .

This week , the president 's advisory commission drafting his consumer-protection proposals endorsed a host of patients ' rights , including the right to appeal mistreatment by insurers .
this week , the president 's advisory commission drafting his consumer-protection proposals [approved of] a host of patients ' rights , including the right to appeal mistreatment by insurers .

Pete du Pont , policy chairman of the National Center for Policy Analysis , has endorsed the idea .
pete du pont , policy chairman of the national center for policy analysis , has [approved of] the idea .

Genes that natural selection fully endorsed long ago -- the basic genes for hunger , for lust , for familial love -- are in everyone .
genes that natural selection fully [approved of] long ago -- the basic genes for hunger , for lust , for familial love -- are in everyone .

Although the ancient rabbis failed to consider this particular example , Aumann and Maschler express confidence that if they had considered it , they would have endorsed this unique consistent solution .
although the ancient rabbis failed to consider this particular example , aumann and maschler express confidence that if they had considered it , they would have [approved of] this unique consistent solution .

You can judge the argument for itself , and it does n't matter who else has endorsed it .
you can judge the argument for itself , and it does n't matter who else has [approved of] it .

That was exactly the reasoning endorsed by the Supreme Court in 1988 , when it upheld the right of Sharp Electronics to terminate the dealership of a chronic discounter .
that was exactly the reasoning [approved of] by the supreme court in 1988 , when it upheld the right of sharp electronics to terminate the dealership of a chronic discounter .

George Pataki endorsed Mayor Rudy Giuliani , despite their chilly history , for the upcoming New York Senate race .
george pataki [approved of] mayor rudy giuliani , despite their chilly history , for the upcoming new york senate race .

What 's different this time , the papers all note , is that Yeltsin has endorsed the new PM , Vladimir Putin , as his chosen successor , urging Russians to vote for him in next year 's presidential election .
what 's different this time , the papers all note , is that yeltsin has [approved of] the new pm , vladimir putin , as his chosen successor , urging russians to vote for him in next year 's presidential election .

Elizabeth Dole endorsed George W. Bush .
elizabeth dole [approved of] george w. bush .

Elizabeth Dole endorsed George W. Bush .
elizabeth dole [approved of] george w. bush .

When the Oregon ballot initiative was floated earlier this year , Kitzhaber endorsed the idea of abolishing the video lottery but said the state needed a phaseout period to find replacement revenue .
when the oregon ballot initiative was floated earlier this year , kitzhaber [approved of] the idea of abolishing the video lottery but said the state needed a phaseout period to find replacement revenue .

Boyd , Blades , and their advisers endorsed five candidates -- all Democrats .
boyd , blades , and their advisers [approved of] five candidates -- all democrats .

Americans -- at least those who own stock -- have not only endorsed the infallibility of the markets , they have also endorsed the infallibility of the people who watch over those markets .
americans -- at least those who own stock -- have not only [approved of] the infallibility of the markets , they have also [approved of] the infallibility of the people who watch over those markets .

A government study endorsed medical marijuana .
a government study [approved of] medical marijuana .

House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt , D-Mo. , endorsed Vice President Al Gore for president and joined him on the campaign trail .
house minority leader dick gephardt , d-mo. , [approved of] vice president al gore for president and joined him on the campaign trail .

Detractors assailed Robert Kennedy for his 1964 New York Senate bid ; even the liberal New York Times endorsed Republican Kenneth Keating .
detractors assailed robert kennedy for his 1964 new york senate bid ; even the liberal new york times [approved of] republican kenneth keating .

Rep. Roy Blunt , R-Mo. , handed Bush `` a list of 80 current members of Congress who have already endorsed your candidacy , '' and Bush 's aides distributed a similar list to reporters .
rep. roy blunt , r-mo. , handed bush `` a list of 80 current members of congress who have already [approved of] your candidacy , '' and bush 's aides distributed a similar list to reporters .

She said that Kennedy 's dissent , endorsed unsurprisingly by William Rehnquist , Antonin Scalia , and Clarence Thomas , would `` teach little Johnny a perverse lesson in Federalism , '' but the majority found a way that `` assures little Mary may attend class . ''
she said that kennedy 's dissent , [approved of] unsurprisingly by william rehnquist , antonin scalia , and clarence thomas , would `` teach little johnny a perverse lesson in federalism , '' but the majority found a way that `` assures little mary may attend class . ''

Senate Republicans endorsed new gun restrictions .
senate republicans [approved of] new gun restrictions .

Holliday endorsed the general assumption that almost all dog poisonings in the countryside are committed by hunters .
holliday [approved of] the general assumption that almost all dog poisonings in the countryside are committed by hunters .

The indifference of congressional Republicans is not surprising : Since the days of Reagan , they have generally endorsed the executive 's war-making authority .
the indifference of congressional republicans is not surprising : since the days of reagan , they have generally [approved of] the executive 's war-making authority .

Democrats , after all , endorsed Congress ' war powers when Reagan and Bush were sending in the Marines .
democrats , after all , [approved of] congress ' war powers when reagan and bush were sending in the marines .

The House endorsed sending U.S. troops to Kosovo .
the house [approved of] sending u.s. troops to kosovo .

The conservatives have managed to cast themselves as the scourge of pedophiles , insinuate that the president is soft on pedophilia , and link Clinton to a sub rosa campaign to lower the age of consent -- and all this is based on a report that no one noticed until the Christian right uncovered it , that no one in the White House seems to have read , and that no one remotely linked to the Democratic Party or the White House has ever endorsed .
the conservatives have managed to cast themselves as the scourge of pedophiles , insinuate that the president is soft on pedophilia , and link clinton to a sub rosa campaign to lower the age of consent -- and all this is based on a report that no one noticed until the christian right uncovered it , that no one in the white house seems to have read , and that no one remotely linked to the democratic party or the white house has ever [approved of] .

Democrats on the committee endorsed the child-porn and drug funding but voted against the bill in subcommittee because of the overtime provision .
democrats on the committee [approved of] the child-porn and drug funding but voted against the bill in subcommittee because of the overtime provision .

An editorial in the Irish Times said Al Gore was `` one of the happiest people '' on St. Patrick 's Day because Irish-American Democrats had endorsed him to succeed Clinton in next year 's election .
an editorial in the irish times said al gore was `` one of the happiest people '' on st. patrick 's day because irish-american democrats had [approved of] him to succeed clinton in next year 's election .

Under the Amendment , individuals and organizations can also spend unlimited amounts on political advocacy , so long as a specific candidate is not endorsed .
under the amendment , individuals and organizations can also spend unlimited amounts on political advocacy , so long as a specific candidate is not [approved of] .

Bob Dole endorsed the bill ; Clinton has promised to veto it .
bob dole [approved of] the bill ; clinton has promised to veto it .

While libertarians have endorsed giving the Postal Service to its employees , there do n't appear to be any commercial calls for privatization ( no doubt the $ 27 billion in government-guaranteed pension liabilities is a factor ) or challenges to the USPS monopoly on first-class delivery .
while libertarians have [approved of] giving the postal service to its employees , there do n't appear to be any commercial calls for privatization ( no doubt the $ 27 billion in government-guaranteed pension liabilities is a factor ) or challenges to the usps monopoly on first-class delivery .

It endorsed him in every mayoral contest until he got arrested for smoking crack .
it [approved of] him in every mayoral contest until he got arrested for smoking crack .

In 1985 , the judiciary committee prevented Reynolds from moving up at Justice because of the Reagan administration 's position -- which Reynolds endorsed -- that Bob Jones University , which forbade ( and continues to forbid ) interracial dating , should be allowed to keep its tax-exempt status .
in 1985 , the judiciary committee prevented reynolds from moving up at justice because of the reagan administration 's position -- which reynolds [approved of] -- that bob jones university , which forbade ( and continues to forbid ) interracial dating , should be allowed to keep its tax-exempt status .

On Sunday ( the day the Times endorsed Clinton ) , Dole called the paper `` the apologist for President Clinton for the last four years and an arm of the Democratic National Committee . ''
on sunday ( the day the times [approved of] clinton ) , dole called the paper `` the apologist for president clinton for the last four years and an arm of the democratic national committee . ''

To recap the events of the present era , then -- briefly : On Dec. 18 , 1996 , the Oakland Unified School District unanimously endorsed a resolution whose ulterior intentions remain unclear , but which , at the very least , declares that the `` primary language '' spoken by many of its 28,000 black students is not English .
to recap the events of the present era , then -- briefly : on dec. 18 , 1996 , the oakland unified school district unanimously [approved of] a resolution whose ulterior intentions remain unclear , but which , at the very least , declares that the `` primary language '' spoken by many of its 28,000 black students is not english .

The program , started in 1988 , endorsed , in exchange for a sizable fee , food products that met certain standards .
the program , started in 1988 , [approved of] , in exchange for a sizable fee , food products that met certain standards .

Parents will be able to select from filters endorsed by anyone from the Christian Coalition to the National Education Association .
parents will be able to select from filters [approved of] by anyone from the christian coalition to the national education association .

The three papers fronting the story report that Lieberman 's remarks were immediately endorsed by two other Democratic senators , Daniel Moynihan and Bob Kerrey .
the three papers fronting the story report that lieberman 's remarks were immediately [approved of] by two other democratic senators , daniel moynihan and bob kerrey .

To call the Scots tongue Doric ( meaning broad or rustic ) is to perpetuate the notion that it is the speech of uneducated country folk , an idea still endorsed by snobbish anglophiles in Scotland .
to call the scots tongue doric ( meaning broad or rustic ) is to perpetuate the notion that it is the speech of uneducated country folk , an idea still [approved of] by snobbish anglophiles in scotland .

It was written , or at least endorsed , by Tony Hall , Managing Director of Current Affairs , and is for the most part a reasonable exposition on the need for plain English .
it was written , or at least [approved of] , by tony hall , managing director of current affairs , and is for the most part a reasonable exposition on the need for plain english .

In 1934 , the Third Edition of the Concise Oxford Dictionary endorsed the Scots usage but reported that ilk is used vulgarly for “ that family , class , or set. ” The Eighth Edition ( 1990 ) gives this as the first definition for ilk :
in 1934 , the third edition of the concise oxford dictionary [approved of] the scots usage but reported that ilk is used vulgarly for “ that family , class , or set. ” the eighth edition ( 1990 ) gives this as the first definition for ilk :

