She endorses the work of the Orkney Seven Action Group , formed to campaign on behalf of her children .
she [approves of] the work of the orkney seven action group , formed to campaign on behalf of her children .

The Bank in this case endorses the change by bringing its intervention rates in line with the new base rate .
the bank in this case [approves of] the change by bringing its intervention rates in line with the new base rate .

So the resolution before us now is that the Synod endorses english grammar writing !
so the resolution before us now is that the synod [approves of] english grammar writing !

This strongly endorses the ‘ it-must-be-something-we-eat ’ theory as against the theory of the genetic susceptibility to certain diseases of different races .
this strongly [approves of] the ‘ it-must-be-something-we-eat ’ theory as against the theory of the genetic susceptibility to certain diseases of different races .

The Cleveland Inquiry Report endorses this by stating that they should be informed and consulted whether the investigations are medical , police or social .
the cleveland inquiry report [approves of] this by stating that they should be informed and consulted whether the investigations are medical , police or social .

Like many of those discussed in this book , Foucault endorses the ethico-political project of establishing forms of knowledge that do not simply turn the other into the same : as he put it in 1968 , he wishes to find another politics than that which ‘ since the beginning of the nineteenth century , stubbornly persists in seeing in the immense domain of practice only the epiphany of a triumphant reason , or in deciphering in it only the historico-transcendental destination of the West ’ .
like many of those discussed in this book , foucault [approves of] the ethico-political project of establishing forms of knowledge that do not simply turn the other into the same : as he put it in 1968 , he wishes to find another politics than that which ‘ since the beginning of the nineteenth century , stubbornly persists in seeing in the immense domain of practice only the epiphany of a triumphant reason , or in deciphering in it only the historico-transcendental destination of the west ’ .

Endorses the ancient Vedic teachings in such matters .
[approves of] the ancient vedic teachings in such matters .

In other words , society endorses in men what are actually manifestations of their emotional weakness and limitations .
in other words , society [approves of] in men what are actually manifestations of their emotional weakness and limitations .

Our reader 's letters page in this issue and earlier issues reflects the affection by which her British fans hold Steffi and her fan club membership endorses that popularity .
our reader 's letters page in this issue and earlier issues reflects the affection by which her british fans hold steffi and her fan club membership [approves of] that popularity .

It should be emphasised , however , that although in a sense Spinoza recommends the ethical precepts he endorses to each of us as what we will accept if we act with a view to our own best interest , these best interests are conceived in a way which is very far removed from the goals of what is commonly called egoism .
it should be emphasised , however , that although in a sense spinoza recommends the ethical precepts he [approves of] to each of us as what we will accept if we act with a view to our own best interest , these best interests are conceived in a way which is very far removed from the goals of what is commonly called egoism .

In one example , she endorses orthofunction as a way of teaching people with a spinal injury to walk , and adds that ‘ teaching must restore the will of the individual to do so ’ .
in one example , she [approves of] orthofunction as a way of teaching people with a spinal injury to walk , and adds that ‘ teaching must restore the will of the individual to do so ’ .

Referendum Endorses Republic ( 1960 )
referendum [approves of] republic ( 1960 )

Offe himself refers to the exhaustion of the potential of the labour movement and explicitly endorses Gorz 's ( 1982 ) Farewell to the Working Class .
offe himself refers to the exhaustion of the potential of the labour movement and explicitly [approves of] gorz 's ( 1982 ) farewell to the working class .

Currently thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the Happy Mondays at certain venues , he by no means endorses their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .
currently thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the happy mondays at certain venues , he by no means [approves of] their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .

The Convention , which is specifically concerned with resource management , endorses scientific research , and encourages international cooperation of the kind that , during the 1970s and early 1980s , investigated the circumpolar status and welfare of polar bears .
the convention , which is specifically concerned with resource management , [approves of] scientific research , and encourages international cooperation of the kind that , during the 1970s and early 1980s , investigated the circumpolar status and welfare of polar bears .

Postmodernism in this context endorses a new humanism .
postmodernism in this context [approves of] a new humanism .

Its innovative design suggests the hand of a truly original master and the subsequent history of ‘ English ’ harpsichord-making entirely endorses Burney 's estimate of him as ‘ the celebrated Tabel ’ The fortuitous survival of the 1721 harpsichord and Charles Mould 's researches affirm Tabel 's status beyond doubt .
its innovative design suggests the hand of a truly original master and the subsequent history of ‘ english ’ harpsichord-making entirely [approves of] burney 's estimate of him as ‘ the celebrated tabel ’ the fortuitous survival of the 1721 harpsichord and charles mould 's researches affirm tabel 's status beyond doubt .

The Catholic Education Commission for Scotland welcomes the development of Short Courses in Religious and Moral Education , and endorses the considerations which led to a change in title .
the catholic education commission for scotland welcomes the development of short courses in religious and moral education , and [approves of] the considerations which led to a change in title .

The defendant 's solicitor endorses on the copy summons a certificate duly accepting service and giving an address for service .
the defendant 's solicitor [approves of] on the copy summons a certificate duly accepting service and giving an address for service .

Kew Gardens endorses peat-free compost
kew gardens [approves of] peat-free compost

World Energy Congress endorses green view
world energy congress [approves of] green view

The rest of the New Testament , needless to say , fully endorses Jesus ' view of the Old Testament .
the rest of the new testament , needless to say , fully [approves of] jesus ' view of the old testament .

As to the first of these , the Report simply endorses Board of Education thinking on the educational value of English , and more particularly English literary works .
as to the first of these , the report simply [approves of] board of education thinking on the educational value of english , and more particularly english literary works .

As Mr Williams has legal title to the cheque , and provided that he endorses it ( signs his name on the back ) , a good title can be passed on to the hotelier and it can be paid into the hotelier 's bank account .
as mr williams has legal title to the cheque , and provided that he [approves of] it ( signs his name on the back ) , a good title can be passed on to the hotelier and it can be paid into the hotelier 's bank account .

She also endorses the radical feminist view that the well-being of private and public life depends on a better understanding of feeling .
she also [approves of] the radical feminist view that the well-being of private and public life depends on a better understanding of feeling .

In turn we are able to tell them that our participation in the management of the company endorses our commitment to their business .
in turn we are able to tell them that our participation in the management of the company [approves of] our commitment to their business .

Currently thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the Happy Mondays at certain venues , he by no means endorses their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .
currently thrilling packed houses with his mellow vocal style and uncompromising ‘ no sell-out ’ cardigans , the singer wishes to point out that though he will be opening for the happy mondays at certain venues , he by no means [approves of] their outrageous and unorthodox lifestyle .

Moggridge Associates ' designer Martin Darbyshire , who worked on a small fax machine for a Scandinavian manufacturer , endorses the view that the appeal of fax still lies in what it can do , not what it looks like . ``
moggridge associates ' designer martin darbyshire , who worked on a small fax machine for a scandinavian manufacturer , [approves of] the view that the appeal of fax still lies in what it can do , not what it looks like . ``

Reaction from those who attended was , without exception , extremely favourable , and endorses the view that the building constitutes one of the finest available to the market in the City of London .
reaction from those who attended was , without exception , extremely favourable , and [approves of] the view that the building constitutes one of the finest available to the market in the city of london .

Resolved , That this House takes note of European Community Documents Nos. 7573/91 and the Supplementary Explanatory Memoranda submitted by the Department of Trade and Industry on 6th November and 11th December 1991 and 10157/91 , relating to standards for satellite broadcasting of television signals , and 8122/91 , relating to audio-visual production in the context of the strategy for high definition television ; and endorses the Government 's approach which is to aim for the correct balance between promoting new broadcasting technologies , protecting the rights of satellite broadcasters and serving the best interests of consumers .
resolved , that this house takes note of european community documents nos. 7573/91 and the supplementary explanatory memoranda submitted by the department of trade and industry on 6th november and 11th december 1991 and 10157/91 , relating to standards for satellite broadcasting of television signals , and 8122/91 , relating to audio-visual production in the context of the strategy for high definition television ; and [approves of] the government 's approach which is to aim for the correct balance between promoting new broadcasting technologies , protecting the rights of satellite broadcasters and serving the best interests of consumers .

The Criminal Justice Act 1991 endorses the severity with which the courts view these offences and strengthens their powers to protect the public from offenders .
the criminal justice act 1991 [approves of] the severity with which the courts view these offences and strengthens their powers to protect the public from offenders .

The Labour party strongly endorses that treaty .
the labour party strongly [approves of] that treaty .

Derrida , of course , endorses this formulation , but stresses the principle of arbitrariness and differences as against the notion of the sign itself , since it risks degenerating into an entity and thus reverting to a metaphysical concept .
derrida , of course , [approves of] this formulation , but stresses the principle of arbitrariness and differences as against the notion of the sign itself , since it risks degenerating into an entity and thus reverting to a metaphysical concept .

’ Sessions 's show endorses Petherbridge 's point as forcefully as possible , reminding us that , in 20th century drama , the big stars have always been bigger than the big roles .
’ sessions 's show [approves of] petherbridge 's point as forcefully as possible , reminding us that , in 20th century drama , the big stars have always been bigger than the big roles .

In the end , Puttnam in the flesh endorses the film industry view of Puttnam : a beguiling mixture of energy that radiates to others and energy focused on himself .
in the end , puttnam in the flesh [approves of] the film industry view of puttnam : a beguiling mixture of energy that radiates to others and energy focused on himself .

McDonald 's fully endorses the recommendations in the report .
mcdonald 's fully [approves of] the recommendations in the report .

Mr Gorbachev could not care less whether Romania endorses perestroika and glasnost or the Soviet Union 's foreign policies .
mr gorbachev could not care less whether romania [approves of] perestroika and glasnost or the soviet union 's foreign policies .

Mr Lenarduzzi endorses her view : ‘ If our concentration is going to be on testing , then that would not be welcome .
mr lenarduzzi [approves of] her view : ‘ if our concentration is going to be on testing , then that would not be welcome .

It is regarded as being more important that the new appointee be familiar with the aims and methods which Highlander endorses rather than necessarily be able to present the best paper qualifications for the advertised job .
it is regarded as being more important that the new appointee be familiar with the aims and methods which highlander [approves of] rather than necessarily be able to present the best paper qualifications for the advertised job .

We felt that there can be no question of fairness when the law effectively endorses unilateral decision .
we felt that there can be no question of fairness when the law effectively [approves of] unilateral decision .

Jane Goodall endorses new chimpanzee enclosure
jane goodall [approves of] new chimpanzee enclosure

However , he endorses Kewenig 's views about selectivity , and has put into practice a scheme to modify the ‘ Gieskanne ’ principle of funding research .
however , he [approves of] kewenig 's views about selectivity , and has put into practice a scheme to modify the ‘ gieskanne ’ principle of funding research .

The University is committed to the sandwich principle and indeed its Charter explicitly endorses this belief .
the university is committed to the sandwich principle and indeed its charter explicitly [approves of] this belief .

Damon neither endorses the insensitivity of adult dominance nor the tumultuous reign of the child .
damon neither [approves of] the insensitivity of adult dominance nor the tumultuous reign of the child .

Once executive management endorses the centrality of the CIO organization and becomes a partner in the development of new systems , the CIO organization must execute its responsibilities successfully .
once executive management [approves of] the centrality of the cio organization and becomes a partner in the development of new systems , the cio organization must execute its responsibilities successfully .

The report endorses , says the paper , equality between mental health insurance coverage and that for physical illnesses and claims that such a coverage increase need n't be costly .
the report [approves of] , says the paper , equality between mental health insurance coverage and that for physical illnesses and claims that such a coverage increase need n't be costly .

Liddy Dole endorses George W. Bush .
liddy dole [approves of] george w. bush .

The New York Times ' Anthony Lewis , an anti-impeachment stalwart , endorses the expert judgment of John F. Kennedy , who wrote in Profiles in Courage ( 1956 ) that Ross ' `` heroic '' vote `` may well have preserved ... constitutional government in the United States . ''
the new york times ' anthony lewis , an anti-impeachment stalwart , [approves of] the expert judgment of john f. kennedy , who wrote in profiles in courage ( 1956 ) that ross ' `` heroic '' vote `` may well have preserved ... constitutional government in the united states . ''

The editorial heartily endorses Hillary Clinton 's contemplated Senate run , because it will finally stop her from injecting her politics into her husband 's job .
the editorial heartily [approves of] hillary clinton 's contemplated senate run , because it will finally stop her from injecting her politics into her husband 's job .

Pollitt and Sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche , and Sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst Jonathan Lear 's admonition that we dare not reject Freud lest those qualities drop out of sight .
pollitt and sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche , and sullivan warmly [approves of] psychoanalyst jonathan lear 's admonition that we dare not reject freud lest those qualities drop out of sight .

By running the games , the state endorses the dubious value of `` something for nothing . ''
by running the games , the state [approves of] the dubious value of `` something for nothing . ''

Seth Stevenson 's `` High and Mighty '' practically endorses legalization of heroin and the free use of marijuana among teen-agers .
seth stevenson 's `` high and mighty '' practically [approves of] legalization of heroin and the free use of marijuana among teen-agers .

The day the House of Representatives endorses the bill will be `` a sad day for civil society , '' sounding the death knell for the reform movement .
the day the house of representatives [approves of] the bill will be `` a sad day for civil society , '' sounding the death knell for the reform movement .

The White House Counsel 's Office endorses Communications ' effort to control rhetoric .
the white house counsel 's office [approves of] communications ' effort to control rhetoric .

Chides New York Mayor Giuliani for taking months to ultimately deny parade permits to his foes while swiftly granting permits to those whose views he endorses .
chides new york mayor giuliani for taking months to ultimately deny parade permits to his foes while swiftly granting permits to those whose views he [approves of] .

The author neither endorses nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .
the author neither [approves of] nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .

The editorial endorses progressive tax reform : Cut rates but scrap loopholes such as the mortgage-interest deduction for homeowners .
the editorial [approves of] progressive tax reform : cut rates but scrap loopholes such as the mortgage-interest deduction for homeowners .

The editorial endorses a `` just war '' against Iraq but worries that Clinton is too tarnished to lead it .
the editorial [approves of] a `` just war '' against iraq but worries that clinton is too tarnished to lead it .

Lind presents the Reagan years as the time of a revived Cold War , which he endorses as a way to offset the bandwagon of weakness that followed the collapse of Saigon .
lind presents the reagan years as the time of a revived cold war , which he [approves of] as a way to offset the bandwagon of weakness that followed the collapse of saigon .

Every day , the presidential campaigns spam reporters by e-mail and fax with reports of the latest , on the order of yesterday 's news flash from Austin , Texas : `` New Mexico Lieutenant Governor Endorses Governor Bush . ''
every day , the presidential campaigns spam reporters by e-mail and fax with reports of the latest , on the order of yesterday 's news flash from austin , texas : `` new mexico lieutenant governor [approves of] governor bush . ''

Said Mark Shields ( Face the Nation ) , we have a president who endorses contradictory initiatives like teen curfew and midnight basketball .
said mark shields ( face the nation ) , we have a president who [approves of] contradictory initiatives like teen curfew and midnight basketball .

Krauthammer and Bill Kristol ( This Week ) are virtually alone in worrying about the distributional consequences of a sin tax ( Kristol endorses middle-class tax cuts as offsets ) .
krauthammer and bill kristol ( this week ) are virtually alone in worrying about the distributional consequences of a sin tax ( kristol [approves of] middle-class tax cuts as offsets ) .

The Economist endorses the Tories -- tepidly -- in next week 's British election .
the economist [approves of] the tories -- tepidly -- in next week 's british election .

The cover story endorses the state Legislature 's plan to scrap New York City 's rent-control law .
the cover story [approves of] the state legislature 's plan to scrap new york city 's rent-control law .

The editorial endorses a tobacco settlement as a way to reduce both smoking and `` specious '' lawsuits .
the editorial [approves of] a tobacco settlement as a way to reduce both smoking and `` specious '' lawsuits .

An article endorses the reigning view that Trent Lott is a compromiser , not an ideologue .
an article [approves of] the reigning view that trent lott is a compromiser , not an ideologue .

The editorial endorses President Clinton 's budget request for an additional $ 22 million to combat housing discrimination .
the editorial [approves of] president clinton 's budget request for an additional $ 22 million to combat housing discrimination .

Vicki King , a manager who strongly endorses the company 's family friendly policies , works inflexibly long hours herself and juggles her kids ' lives like a bustling administrator .
vicki king , a manager who strongly [approves of] the company 's family friendly policies , works inflexibly long hours herself and juggles her kids ' lives like a bustling administrator .

Under those circumstances , his judgment as to whether the work is `` qualified for publication '' is tantamount to saying that he endorses its conclusions .
under those circumstances , his judgment as to whether the work is `` qualified for publication '' is tantamount to saying that he [approves of] its conclusions .

I love Dole endorsing Bush at the same time Kennedy endorses Gore .
i love dole endorsing bush at the same time kennedy [approves of] gore .

The author neither endorses nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .
the author neither [approves of] nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .

The author neither endorses nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .
the author neither [approves of] nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .

The author neither endorses nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .
the author neither [approves of] nor condemns any of the views expressed , however laudatory or repellent .

The Shopping Avenger endorses the previous statement wholeheartedly .
the shopping avenger [approves of] the previous statement wholeheartedly .

I decide on PlanetPoker.com because Mike Caro , a pro poker player whom I 've met and like , endorses it .
i decide on planetpoker.com because mike caro , a pro poker player whom i 've met and like , [approves of] it .

Anyone who endorses Bradley is saying something negative about Gore .
anyone who [approves of] bradley is saying something negative about gore .

Oswald endorses the first explanation -- homeownership causes unemployment by tying people down geographically .
oswald [approves of] the first explanation -- homeownership causes unemployment by tying people down geographically .

Fitzsimmons now endorses the pro-life movement 's figure of 5,000 .
fitzsimmons now [approves of] the pro-life movement 's figure of 5,000 .

The magazine endorses the deployment of ground troops in Kosovo .
the magazine [approves of] the deployment of ground troops in kosovo .

AKC neither agrees with , nor endorses , the material . ''
akc neither agrees with , nor [approves of] , the material . ''

Songs like `` , '' which endorses the Zapatista rebels , marry hip-hop 's thump , punk 's wiriness , and heavy metal 's roar .
songs like `` , '' which [approves of] the zapatista rebels , marry hip-hop 's thump , punk 's wiriness , and heavy metal 's roar .

