Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .
rep. mac barber of commerce is asking the house in a privilege resolution to `` [approve of] increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .

He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes .
he said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly [approve of] candidates when the time comes .

The Wagner Act , the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining .
the wagner act , the taft-hartley act and the landrum-griffin act all [approve of] the principle of collective bargaining .

In all probability , the council will screen and endorse candidates for the Assembly and for Congress , and then strive to put its full weight behind these pre-primary favorites .
in all probability , the council will screen and [approve of] candidates for the assembly and for congress , and then strive to put its full weight behind these pre-primary favorites .

Society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male -- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept .
society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male -- even the bible appears to [approve of] the concept .

I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates .
i [approve of] pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates .

Some put it down to the sheer popularity of the winner Nigel Jones — others to the alleged racism of would-be Tory voters , unwilling to endorse the party 's official candidate , the barrister John Taylor .
some put it down to the sheer popularity of the winner nigel jones — others to the alleged racism of would-be tory voters , unwilling to [approve of] the party 's official candidate , the barrister john taylor .

Their solicitor , Sean Sexton , said after visiting them : ‘ They fully endorse the appeal made by the police .
their solicitor , sean sexton , said after visiting them : ‘ they fully [approve of] the appeal made by the police .

During the afternoon meeting , several breaks were called to allow discussions between the various groupings to examine the three motions on the table : a strong attack on the MPs , calling on the executive not to endorse their actions ; a motion regretting their action , and the successful statement welcoming the concession wrung out of the Westminster system and pledging support for the parliamentary group .
during the afternoon meeting , several breaks were called to allow discussions between the various groupings to examine the three motions on the table : a strong attack on the mps , calling on the executive not to [approve of] their actions ; a motion regretting their action , and the successful statement welcoming the concession wrung out of the westminster system and pledging support for the parliamentary group .

Jim Murphy , president of the National Union of Students Scotland , said that delegates to the union 's annual meeting are expected to endorse plans for an escalating campaign against proposals to force students to pay individual levies to support campus associations .
jim murphy , president of the national union of students scotland , said that delegates to the union 's annual meeting are expected to [approve of] plans for an escalating campaign against proposals to force students to pay individual levies to support campus associations .

Many would endorse Mr Baker 's diagnosis of the ‘ moral vacuum ’ surrounding some young people .
many would [approve of] mr baker 's diagnosis of the ‘ moral vacuum ’ surrounding some young people .

All , all of these companies to them and said if you endorse this we 'll give you .
all , all of these companies to them and said if you [approve of] this we 'll give you .

At the store where Vanessa died they say the guidleines endorse procedures they 've already put in practice .
at the store where vanessa died they say the guidleines [approve of] procedures they 've already put in practice .

When individuals wanted to settle debts , they came to realise that rather than withdrawing their gold , they could endorse the receipts instructing the goldsmith to transfer the deposits to the named creditor .
when individuals wanted to settle debts , they came to realise that rather than withdrawing their gold , they could [approve of] the receipts instructing the goldsmith to transfer the deposits to the named creditor .

Groove Tubes has worked with ‘ legendary guitarists ’ as well , who all endorse Groove Tubes ( unsolicited and not under contract ) , some of which are also Peavey endorsees .
groove tubes has worked with ‘ legendary guitarists ’ as well , who all [approve of] groove tubes ( unsolicited and not under contract ) , some of which are also peavey endorsees .

The Board refused to endorse this .
the board refused to [approve of] this .

As a result of this close , long-standing relationship , they would endorse South Africa 's claim over their own .
as a result of this close , long-standing relationship , they would [approve of] south africa 's claim over their own .

First he was to endorse publicly the NoS Equal Opportunities approach , and second he was to agree to allow negotiations with the unions to ‘ run their course ’ quietly .
first he was to [approve of] publicly the nos equal opportunities approach , and second he was to agree to allow negotiations with the unions to ‘ run their course ’ quietly .

The Sex Disqualification ( Removal ) Act 1919 , designed to facilitate the admission of women to the House of Commons but worded in such a way as to be apt to give them access also to the House of Lords was seized upon by Viscountess Rhondda as having this effect but the Committee of Privileges refused to endorse her claim and the House rejected it .
the sex disqualification ( removal ) act 1919 , designed to facilitate the admission of women to the house of commons but worded in such a way as to be apt to give them access also to the house of lords was seized upon by viscountess rhondda as having this effect but the committee of privileges refused to [approve of] her claim and the house rejected it .

It is the main function of the Statutory Instruments Act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a Minister of the Crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by Parliament , Parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .
it is the main function of the statutory instruments act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a minister of the crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by parliament , parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to [approve of] them .

He said staff had to be aware of and attempt to neutralise the promotional tactics used to give the impression that health-care professionals endorse products , for example the provision of free pens , mugs and calendars with company logos .
he said staff had to be aware of and attempt to neutralise the promotional tactics used to give the impression that health-care professionals [approve of] products , for example the provision of free pens , mugs and calendars with company logos .

This says that a member can defend itself , but in no sense does it endorse a prolonged campaign of counter-attack .
this says that a member can defend itself , but in no sense does it [approve of] a prolonged campaign of counter-attack .

At this meeting the creditors will be asked to endorse the resolution to wind up the company and to approve the choice of a liquidator .
at this meeting the creditors will be asked to [approve of] the resolution to wind up the company and to approve the choice of a liquidator .

Many of those now hostile to Althusser continue to endorse this essay , which offers a theory of institutional power dependent on the categories of the subject and ideology .
many of those now hostile to althusser continue to [approve of] this essay , which offers a theory of institutional power dependent on the categories of the subject and ideology .

One of the oddities of Foucault 's work is that it seems riven by an internal tension — for example , as peter Dews notes , while on the one hand Foucault lays claims to a form of objectivity in his archaeology , and eschews interpretation in favour of ‘ intelligibility ’ , on the other hand throughout his life he was also prone to endorse a Nietzschean insistence on the interminability of interpretation .
one of the oddities of foucault 's work is that it seems riven by an internal tension — for example , as peter dews notes , while on the one hand foucault lays claims to a form of objectivity in his archaeology , and eschews interpretation in favour of ‘ intelligibility ’ , on the other hand throughout his life he was also prone to [approve of] a nietzschean insistence on the interminability of interpretation .

Some concerns the basic methodological pitfalls surrounding any project of this kind — the lack of proper controls , over-readiness to read richer interpretations into bits of behaviour than a more rigorous viewpoint would endorse , even experimenters ' proneness , given their wishful thinking , to be manipulated by their hairy charges into taking up certain attitudes not properly grounded in the available evidence .
some concerns the basic methodological pitfalls surrounding any project of this kind — the lack of proper controls , over-readiness to read richer interpretations into bits of behaviour than a more rigorous viewpoint would [approve of] , even experimenters ' proneness , given their wishful thinking , to be manipulated by their hairy charges into taking up certain attitudes not properly grounded in the available evidence .

Nearly ninety per cent supported economic sanctions , but less than sixty per cent were prepared to endorse military sanctions , while twenty per cent opposed them and a further twenty per cent evaded the issue altogether by declining to answer the question .
nearly ninety per cent supported economic sanctions , but less than sixty per cent were prepared to [approve of] military sanctions , while twenty per cent opposed them and a further twenty per cent evaded the issue altogether by declining to answer the question .

Opponents of rearmament in the Labour Party ( and until 1938 this included the leader Attlee ) argued that , however desirable under a Labour Government , the Party could not support Chamberlain 's rearmament without appearing to endorse the foreign policy that went with it .
opponents of rearmament in the labour party ( and until 1938 this included the leader attlee ) argued that , however desirable under a labour government , the party could not support chamberlain 's rearmament without appearing to [approve of] the foreign policy that went with it .

We ca n't endorse a product which involves battery farming .
we ca n't [approve of] a product which involves battery farming .

The Auditing Practices Board concurs with the Institute 's view , and suggests either that audit endorsement be restricted to those parts of the code capable of objective evaluation , or that a company 's audit committee should endorse the statement of compliance at a meeting attended by the auditors .
the auditing practices board concurs with the institute 's view , and suggests either that audit endorsement be restricted to those parts of the code capable of objective evaluation , or that a company 's audit committee should [approve of] the statement of compliance at a meeting attended by the auditors .

His office at the Caterham factory is covered with pictures of Seven racing cars — and one of Patrick McGoohan , whom he persuaded to endorse a special 35th anniversary Prisoner edition of the Seven this year ; his most animated conversation is reserved for descriptions of the car and its abilities , and one could almost believe that finances and company administration took a firm back seat to the development and fine tuning of the car 's design .
his office at the caterham factory is covered with pictures of seven racing cars — and one of patrick mcgoohan , whom he persuaded to [approve of] a special 35th anniversary prisoner edition of the seven this year ; his most animated conversation is reserved for descriptions of the car and its abilities , and one could almost believe that finances and company administration took a firm back seat to the development and fine tuning of the car 's design .

The theory that planetary movements can influence sunspot activity and thus the solar wind , which in turn affects the magnetic field of the Earth to which nature is attuned , may well be seen to endorse the Hindus ' views about the Graha .
the theory that planetary movements can influence sunspot activity and thus the solar wind , which in turn affects the magnetic field of the earth to which nature is attuned , may well be seen to [approve of] the hindus ' views about the graha .

At the end of the debate on the document , the Institute 's Council did not endorse the proposals but only the publication of the report for consultation purposes .
at the end of the debate on the document , the institute 's council did not [approve of] the proposals but only the publication of the report for consultation purposes .

At first people will endorse General Morgan as ‘ king of Somalia ’ but , a few minutes into discussion , the truth is out .
at first people will [approve of] general morgan as ‘ king of somalia ’ but , a few minutes into discussion , the truth is out .

They must also endorse an openness and frankness about conditions within the prison and the likely negative impact of the experience of imprisonment .
they must also [approve of] an openness and frankness about conditions within the prison and the likely negative impact of the experience of imprisonment .

It did little more than endorse reforms already introduced : the second ecumenical Council of the Lateran ( 1139 ) did likewise .
it did little more than [approve of] reforms already introduced : the second ecumenical council of the lateran ( 1139 ) did likewise .

Or alternatively — a conclusion that this column would prefer to endorse — economics needs to take psychology more seriously .
or alternatively — a conclusion that this column would prefer to [approve of] — economics needs to take psychology more seriously .

This was firmly denied by the Committee , both before and after publication , who argued that to urge a change in the law was not necessarily to approve or endorse homosexual behaviour .
this was firmly denied by the committee , both before and after publication , who argued that to urge a change in the law was not necessarily to approve or [approve of] homosexual behaviour .

as if to endorse his programme , he confirmed that ‘ … Meredith McGrath ( who was ranked as high as 28 back in November 1990 ) was found on a basketball court rather than a tennis court . ’
as if to [approve of] his programme , he confirmed that ‘ … meredith mcgrath ( who was ranked as high as 28 back in november 1990 ) was found on a basketball court rather than a tennis court . ’

We endorse the view of the Kingman Committee :
we [approve of] the view of the kingman committee :

4.1 The Distributor agrees to register on behalf of the Publisher in the Territory only the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the Distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the Publisher .
4.1 the distributor agrees to register on behalf of the publisher in the territory only the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the distributor agrees to [approve of] the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the publisher .

4.1 The Distributor agrees to register on behalf of the Publisher in the Territory only the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the Distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the Publisher .
4.1 the distributor agrees to register on behalf of the publisher in the territory only the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the distributor agrees to [approve of] the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the publisher .

4.1 The Distributor agrees to register on behalf of the Publisher in the Territory only the Trade Mark ‘ Oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the Publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the Distributor agrees to endorse the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the Publisher .
4.1 the distributor agrees to register on behalf of the publisher in the territory only the trade mark ‘ oxford ’ or any other trade mark or trade name being used and owned by the publisher and after termination ( for whatever reason ) of this contract the distributor agrees to [approve of] the above-mentioned trade marks or trade names to the publisher .

If the utilitarian looks at it in this way , he takes it as a criterion for an acceptable use of ethical words , and way of understanding moral judgement , that it should give them a factual content which is the only one which it is sensible to expect people in general to endorse as a sensible guide to acceptable conduct .
if the utilitarian looks at it in this way , he takes it as a criterion for an acceptable use of ethical words , and way of understanding moral judgement , that it should give them a factual content which is the only one which it is sensible to expect people in general to [approve of] as a sensible guide to acceptable conduct .

What he tends to ignore , however , is what one might call value charged definitions which do not function as persuasive devices for modifying attitudes but serve simply to formulate , and perhaps endorse , combinations of descriptive and valuational meaning in ordinary usage which reflect widely shared attitudes .
what he tends to ignore , however , is what one might call value charged definitions which do not function as persuasive devices for modifying attitudes but serve simply to formulate , and perhaps [approve of] , combinations of descriptive and valuational meaning in ordinary usage which reflect widely shared attitudes .

But the Kane Corporation in America badly wanted them both to endorse their products and generally to revive their image .
but the kane corporation in america badly wanted them both to [approve of] their products and generally to revive their image .

Relations among the members of the Commonwealth were to be conducted on a multilateral basis , but it was agreed to endorse the principle of unitary control of strategic nuclear arms and the concept of a ‘ single economic space ’ .
relations among the members of the commonwealth were to be conducted on a multilateral basis , but it was agreed to [approve of] the principle of unitary control of strategic nuclear arms and the concept of a ‘ single economic space ’ .

It is also interesting to note that Dr Andrew Sutton , director of the recently established Foundation for Conductive Education , can endorse these remarks as ‘ endearingly characteristic ’ .
it is also interesting to note that dr andrew sutton , director of the recently established foundation for conductive education , can [approve of] these remarks as ‘ endearingly characteristic ’ .

‘ Miranda thinks she settled this bill months ago , does n't she ? ’ he yelled . ‘ What did you do ? Forge my name on the back of the cheque and endorse it to yourself ? ’
‘ miranda thinks she settled this bill months ago , does n't she ? ’ he yelled . ‘ what did you do ? forge my name on the back of the cheque and [approve of] it to yourself ? ’

To receive Sainteny he asked the former emperor Bao Dai to stand with him and endorse the agreement .
to receive sainteny he asked the former emperor bao dai to stand with him and [approve of] the agreement .

According to section 15 of the 1982 Act , if the union is sued for inducing breach of or interfering with contract , or for intimidation by threats to interfere with contract , or for conspiracy to commit these torts , then the act in question shall be taken to have been done by the union only if it was authorised or endorsed by a ‘ responsible person , ’ which means the principal executive committee , any person authorised by the rules to endorse acts of the kind in question , the president or general secretary , any other employed official , or any committee to which an employed official reports , but an act by an official or a committee to which he reports shall not be taken as authorised or endorsed if the official or committee was prevented from authorising or endorsing the act by union rules or if the act has been repudiated by the president or general secretary .
according to section 15 of the 1982 act , if the union is sued for inducing breach of or interfering with contract , or for intimidation by threats to interfere with contract , or for conspiracy to commit these torts , then the act in question shall be taken to have been done by the union only if it was authorised or endorsed by a ‘ responsible person , ’ which means the principal executive committee , any person authorised by the rules to [approve of] acts of the kind in question , the president or general secretary , any other employed official , or any committee to which an employed official reports , but an act by an official or a committee to which he reports shall not be taken as authorised or endorsed if the official or committee was prevented from authorising or endorsing the act by union rules or if the act has been repudiated by the president or general secretary .

In practice this book will endorse action accounts .
in practice this book will [approve of] action accounts .

Their Lordships endorse this statement of the manner in which the court should exercise its exceptional jurisdiction to halt criminal proceedings and , except in one respect , they prefer not to offer for their own account any further exploration of the prior authorities .
their lordships [approve of] this statement of the manner in which the court should exercise its exceptional jurisdiction to halt criminal proceedings and , except in one respect , they prefer not to offer for their own account any further exploration of the prior authorities .

Travel industry sources endorse the success of Disney 's cumulative marketing approach .
travel industry sources [approve of] the success of disney 's cumulative marketing approach .

( 5 ) Where a licence is transferred under this section to any person , the clerk of the licensing board shall , on payment of the appropriate fee , endorse on the licence a note of the transfer .
( 5 ) where a licence is transferred under this section to any person , the clerk of the licensing board shall , on payment of the appropriate fee , [approve of] on the licence a note of the transfer .

In Breen v. Amalgamated Engineering Union a majority of the Court of Appeal held that a disciplinary committee of a trade union did not have to tell a shop steward why they had refused to endorse his election , and in McInnes v. Onslow-Fane it was held that the council of the Boxing Board of Control did not have to give an applicant for a manager 's licence an outline of their objections to him .
in breen v. amalgamated engineering union a majority of the court of appeal held that a disciplinary committee of a trade union did not have to tell a shop steward why they had refused to [approve of] his election , and in mcinnes v. onslow-fane it was held that the council of the boxing board of control did not have to give an applicant for a manager 's licence an outline of their objections to him .

As Stoker and Wilson note ( 1986 , p. 292 ) while ‘ over many issues and for much of the time the group may simply endorse decisions taken elsewhere , at the very least senior councillors and officers must be careful not to offend the core political values and commitments of backbenchers ’ .
as stoker and wilson note ( 1986 , p. 292 ) while ‘ over many issues and for much of the time the group may simply [approve of] decisions taken elsewhere , at the very least senior councillors and officers must be careful not to offend the core political values and commitments of backbenchers ’ .

However , in the context of the volatile reaction , both internal and external , to a relatively mild Agrarian Reform initiative , they may well have served to endorse Castro 's conclusion that the social change which he wanted the revolution to effect in Cuba was incompatible with extremely powerful domestic and foreign economic interests .
however , in the context of the volatile reaction , both internal and external , to a relatively mild agrarian reform initiative , they may well have served to [approve of] castro 's conclusion that the social change which he wanted the revolution to effect in cuba was incompatible with extremely powerful domestic and foreign economic interests .

The Soviet Union decided to endorse the expulsion of Escalante : Castro was henceforth referred to as ‘ comrade ’ and Cuba 's place in the Soviet bloc was officially acknowledged when it was listed along with the other ’ socialist ' states in the traditional May Day slogans .
the soviet union decided to [approve of] the expulsion of escalante : castro was henceforth referred to as ‘ comrade ’ and cuba 's place in the soviet bloc was officially acknowledged when it was listed along with the other ’ socialist ' states in the traditional may day slogans .

He expressed the Malaysian hope that the non-aligned countries ‘ will be able to endorse the neutralisation of not only the Indo-China area but of the entire region of Southeast Asia , guaranteed by the three major powers , the People 's Republic of China , the Soviet Union and the United States , against any form of external interference , threat or pressure ’ .
he expressed the malaysian hope that the non-aligned countries ‘ will be able to [approve of] the neutralisation of not only the indo-china area but of the entire region of southeast asia , guaranteed by the three major powers , the people 's republic of china , the soviet union and the united states , against any form of external interference , threat or pressure ’ .

Pakistan , Iran , India and the Gulf states having mostly refused military bases to the superpowers could in his view credibly affirm their opposition to the permanent presence of Soviet troops in Afghanistan and endorse the objective of returning Afghanistan to a non-aligned status .
pakistan , iran , india and the gulf states having mostly refused military bases to the superpowers could in his view credibly affirm their opposition to the permanent presence of soviet troops in afghanistan and [approve of] the objective of returning afghanistan to a non-aligned status .

The major problem with Lukes ' view is that if there is no observable conflict then how do we know that power is being exercised at all ? It is all very well to use the language of manipulation or indoctrination but how do we know that this in fact is what happens ? Individuals may freely endorse an organisational culture or set of values and who is to say that they have been indoctrinated ?
the major problem with lukes ' view is that if there is no observable conflict then how do we know that power is being exercised at all ? it is all very well to use the language of manipulation or indoctrination but how do we know that this in fact is what happens ? individuals may freely [approve of] an organisational culture or set of values and who is to say that they have been indoctrinated ?

To endorse the response and to decide how it should be promoted .
to [approve of] the response and to decide how it should be promoted .

The planning functions of local authorities are a public service and we therefore endorse the principle that they should not charge fees for pre-application advice on development proposals .
the planning functions of local authorities are a public service and we therefore [approve of] the principle that they should not charge fees for pre-application advice on development proposals .

However , it seems that whereas in the first and last instances the hearer is expected to endorse both the implicatures derived from the original and those derived from the reformulation , in the second ( the correction ) the reader is expected to endorse the implicatures derived from the reformulation instead of those derived from the original .
however , it seems that whereas in the first and last instances the hearer is expected to [approve of] both the implicatures derived from the original and those derived from the reformulation , in the second ( the correction ) the reader is expected to [approve of] the implicatures derived from the reformulation instead of those derived from the original .

The court will allocate a file number to the case and endorse a date for a hearing or a directions appointment on the copies for service .
the court will allocate a file number to the case and [approve of] a date for a hearing or a directions appointment on the copies for service .

But this reverses the order of argument most of us would endorse : we share an understanding that our officials must treat all members of the community they govern as equals because we believe they should behave that way , not the other way around . ``
but this reverses the order of argument most of us would [approve of] : we share an understanding that our officials must treat all members of the community they govern as equals because we believe they should behave that way , not the other way around . ``

The state lacks integrity because it must endorse principles to justify part of what it has done that it must reject to justify the rest .
the state lacks integrity because it must [approve of] principles to justify part of what it has done that it must reject to justify the rest .

Whilst the notice itself may be sufficient to sever the beneficial joint tenancy , to prevent a conveyance by the survivor either through ignorance or fraud it would be prudent to endorse a memorandum on the last conveyance to the effect that severance has taken place .
whilst the notice itself may be sufficient to sever the beneficial joint tenancy , to prevent a conveyance by the survivor either through ignorance or fraud it would be prudent to [approve of] a memorandum on the last conveyance to the effect that severance has taken place .

Some societies expressed doubts about the cost and efficacy of the proposal , whilst others were ready to endorse its extension to all firms .
some societies expressed doubts about the cost and efficacy of the proposal , whilst others were ready to [approve of] its extension to all firms .

Keating 's predecessor as Prime Minister and Labor Party leader , Bob Hawke , promised to end woodchipping of old growth forests by 2000 , a promise that Keating failed to endorse .
keating 's predecessor as prime minister and labor party leader , bob hawke , promised to end woodchipping of old growth forests by 2000 , a promise that keating failed to [approve of] .

Stanley do not necessarily endorse the tips on these pages .
stanley do not necessarily [approve of] the tips on these pages .

To that extent a board should independently review profit progress to date as well as carefully evaluate and then endorse strategic recommendations made by the senior executive team which will have a long-term and substantial impact on profit .
to that extent a board should independently review profit progress to date as well as carefully evaluate and then [approve of] strategic recommendations made by the senior executive team which will have a long-term and substantial impact on profit .

We endorse Republican legislation , the Pornography Victims Compensation Act , allowing victims of pornography to seek damages from those who make or sell it , especially since the Commission on Pornography , in 1986 , found a direct link between pornography and violent crimes committed against women and children …
we [approve of] republican legislation , the pornography victims compensation act , allowing victims of pornography to seek damages from those who make or sell it , especially since the commission on pornography , in 1986 , found a direct link between pornography and violent crimes committed against women and children …

In other words what had happened is that legal doctrine had drawn upon conflicting conceptions of the company to legitimate limited liability and to endorse the power conferred upon directors to manage the company .
in other words what had happened is that legal doctrine had drawn upon conflicting conceptions of the company to legitimate limited liability and to [approve of] the power conferred upon directors to manage the company .

Both mechanisms accept and endorse the separation of the management of the company from its ownership .
both mechanisms accept and [approve of] the separation of the management of the company from its ownership .

Gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but Lancashire was the one area of the north where Edward failed to endorse his power and the duke may well have resented his exclusion ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .
gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but lancashire was the one area of the north where edward failed to [approve of] his power and the duke may well have resented his exclusion ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .

Both positions endorse Neil Smelser 's view in Social Change in the Industrial Revolution that the family as a work unit was incorporated into the factory in the 1820s .
both positions [approve of] neil smelser 's view in social change in the industrial revolution that the family as a work unit was incorporated into the factory in the 1820s .

Dicey does not , apparently , endorse this view since , as a result of his analytical method , he makes a formal distinction between a political and legal concept of sovereignty .
dicey does not , apparently , [approve of] this view since , as a result of his analytical method , he makes a formal distinction between a political and legal concept of sovereignty .

Explain what is meant by endorsing a cheque and say when it is necessary to endorse a cheque .
explain what is meant by endorsing a cheque and say when it is necessary to [approve of] a cheque .

Will governments endorse the view of the eugenicists of the 1930s that the carriers of such genes are ‘ bad and inferior ’ and that they and their followers are ‘ good and superior ’ ?
will governments [approve of] the view of the eugenicists of the 1930s that the carriers of such genes are ‘ bad and inferior ’ and that they and their followers are ‘ good and superior ’ ?

Hall seems to endorse a proposal made some years ago by that , on the basis of this simple genetic control , ‘ Torsion , and with it the class Gastropoda , arose through a single gene mutation .
hall seems to [approve of] a proposal made some years ago by that , on the basis of this simple genetic control , ‘ torsion , and with it the class gastropoda , arose through a single gene mutation .

It is pointless to deny that a dictatorship can rest on popular support , or that under certain circumstances a majority of the people can be persuaded to support or endorse illiberal and anti-democratic policies .
it is pointless to deny that a dictatorship can rest on popular support , or that under certain circumstances a majority of the people can be persuaded to support or [approve of] illiberal and anti-democratic policies .

Joyce persuaded the accountant of the National Bank in Grosvenor Gardens , Belgravia , to endorse the truth of his statements .
joyce persuaded the accountant of the national bank in grosvenor gardens , belgravia , to [approve of] the truth of his statements .

We have an understanding with the companies we work with that we wo n't endorse them , and we 're not interested in anyone who 's looking to do a whitewash job .
we have an understanding with the companies we work with that we wo n't [approve of] them , and we 're not interested in anyone who 's looking to do a whitewash job .

Hospitals are given large discounts on drugs to encourage consultants to use and endorse them .
hospitals are given large discounts on drugs to encourage consultants to use and [approve of] them .

Indeed a similar equivocal attitude exists towards the issue of council-house sales , some women ( like some socialists ) even appearing to endorse the ‘ right to buy ’ clause in the new Act , presumably on the basis that it represents an avenue for women to enter into the private market ( Brion and Tinker , 1980 , p. 43 ) .
indeed a similar equivocal attitude exists towards the issue of council-house sales , some women ( like some socialists ) even appearing to [approve of] the ‘ right to buy ’ clause in the new act , presumably on the basis that it represents an avenue for women to enter into the private market ( brion and tinker , 1980 , p. 43 ) .

‘ We need to endorse this type of pragmatic assistance .
‘ we need to [approve of] this type of pragmatic assistance .

The corporate identity has been updated to reflect Rentokil 's wide diversity of business activities and to promote and endorse the ‘ Rentokil ’ brand around the world during the 1990s .
the corporate identity has been updated to reflect rentokil 's wide diversity of business activities and to promote and [approve of] the ‘ rentokil ’ brand around the world during the 1990s .

Most communist states do not endorse organizational democracy , and some of those that do , such as Hungary , do so in theory but not practice .
most communist states do not [approve of] organizational democracy , and some of those that do , such as hungary , do so in theory but not practice .

Gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but Lancashire was the one area of the north where Edward failed to endorse his power and the duke may well have resented his exclusion ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .
gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but lancashire was the one area of the north where edward failed to [approve of] his power and the duke may well have resented his exclusion ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .

This page enables you to endorse the list of packages previously marked for acceptance .
this page enables you to [approve of] the list of packages previously marked for acceptance .

This page enables you to endorse the list of packages marked previously for rejection .
this page enables you to [approve of] the list of packages marked previously for rejection .

’ We are against doctrines that endorse the export of revolution or counter-revolution . ’
’ we are against doctrines that [approve of] the export of revolution or counter-revolution . ’

It was decided overwhelmingly on June 20 to endorse the proposal to turn the conference into the founding congress of the new party .
it was decided overwhelmingly on june 20 to [approve of] the proposal to turn the conference into the founding congress of the new party .

If a referendum in a union republic failed to endorse secession , a new referendum on secession could not be held for 10 years .
if a referendum in a union republic failed to [approve of] secession , a new referendum on secession could not be held for 10 years .

The law was only accepted after the addition of amendments excluding anyone `` whose sexual orientation involves minor children `` and indicating that the law did not endorse homosexuality .
the law was only accepted after the addition of amendments excluding anyone `` whose sexual orientation involves minor children `` and indicating that the law did not [approve of] homosexuality .

Parliament refused , however , to endorse Mazowiecki 's acceptance of the resignation of Communications Minister Marek Kucharski , claiming that there was insufficient reason for him to resign .
parliament refused , however , to [approve of] mazowiecki 's acceptance of the resignation of communications minister marek kucharski , claiming that there was insufficient reason for him to resign .

The President also stated that it was time `` to offer our hand to the emerging democracies of Eastern Europe `` and time `` to build on our new relationship with the Soviet Union ; to endorse and encourage a peaceful process of internal change towards democracy and economic opportunity `` .
the president also stated that it was time `` to offer our hand to the emerging democracies of eastern europe `` and time `` to build on our new relationship with the soviet union ; to [approve of] and encourage a peaceful process of internal change towards democracy and economic opportunity `` .

In response Lúder had given a disciplinary `` warning `` to Cáceres which Menem , in his capacity as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces , had refused formally to endorse .
in response lúder had given a disciplinary `` warning `` to cáceres which menem , in his capacity as commander-in-chief of the armed forces , had refused formally to [approve of] .

On April 4 Rocard called a conference to endorse a plan to strengthen anti-racist legislation and tolerance of immigrants .
on april 4 rocard called a conference to [approve of] a plan to strengthen anti-racist legislation and tolerance of immigrants .

The plenum had been postponed from the end of January after a meeting of the central committee politburo on Jan. 22 had failed to endorse the draft platform ( reported to be largely the work of politburo member and staunch Gorbachev ally Aleksandr Yakovlev ) and had entrusted Gorbachev with the task of revising it .
the plenum had been postponed from the end of january after a meeting of the central committee politburo on jan. 22 had failed to [approve of] the draft platform ( reported to be largely the work of politburo member and staunch gorbachev ally aleksandr yakovlev ) and had entrusted gorbachev with the task of revising it .

The research findings endorse the view that non-family households in general and women in particular are important agents of gentrification .
the research findings [approve of] the view that non-family households in general and women in particular are important agents of gentrification .

The budgets which have just been prepared show that we are aiming to do even better in 1991 and the managing director 's reports on page 2 endorse this optimistic approach .
the budgets which have just been prepared show that we are aiming to do even better in 1991 and the managing director 's reports on page 2 [approve of] this optimistic approach .

There are some underground opposition groups which have used imaginative tactics to capture the world 's attention , calling on celebrities like Bob Geldof to endorse their struggle .
there are some underground opposition groups which have used imaginative tactics to capture the world 's attention , calling on celebrities like bob geldof to [approve of] their struggle .

The decision to endorse Loblaws ' ‘ green ’ products was made by Isaacs and a few board members .
the decision to [approve of] loblaws ' ‘ green ’ products was made by isaacs and a few board members .

Gord Perks agrees : ‘ It 's not the role of a group like Probe to endorse specific products .
gord perks agrees : ‘ it 's not the role of a group like probe to [approve of] specific products .

Will he for the first time publicly endorse those negotiations and wish them well ? Will he ensure that his Ministers are actively involved in getting the best possible settlement for those who have suffered and who are the real victims of this awful tragedy ?
will he for the first time publicly [approve of] those negotiations and wish them well ? will he ensure that his ministers are actively involved in getting the best possible settlement for those who have suffered and who are the real victims of this awful tragedy ?

Following the visit of our hon. Friend the Member for Enfield , North ( Mr. Eggar ) to Basildon last Friday , will my right hon. and learned Friend endorse our hon. Friend 's statement that the independence that we are offering colleges of further education and sixth-form colleges such as Basildon 's will enable them to be more effective , efficient and flexible than they can be at present ? Will my right hon. and learned Friend agree to visit Basildon this year to observe the excellent education standards enjoyed by my constituents ?
following the visit of our hon. friend the member for enfield , north ( mr. eggar ) to basildon last friday , will my right hon. and learned friend [approve of] our hon. friend 's statement that the independence that we are offering colleges of further education and sixth-form colleges such as basildon 's will enable them to be more effective , efficient and flexible than they can be at present ? will my right hon. and learned friend agree to visit basildon this year to observe the excellent education standards enjoyed by my constituents ?

Will the Minister reconsider the wisdom of the policy change introduced a couple of years ago by the Local Enterprise Development Unit to endorse and support market research and development , rather than providing direct grant aid for job creation ?
will the minister reconsider the wisdom of the policy change introduced a couple of years ago by the local enterprise development unit to [approve of] and support market research and development , rather than providing direct grant aid for job creation ?

Is the Minister aware that the Ramblers Association has published a manifesto for access ? Will the Government endorse that manifesto ? Will the Government support the Common Land Forum in its proposals ? If they are re-elected , is there any chance that such proposals will be carried out this time ?
is the minister aware that the ramblers association has published a manifesto for access ? will the government [approve of] that manifesto ? will the government support the common land forum in its proposals ? if they are re-elected , is there any chance that such proposals will be carried out this time ?

Is the Financial Secretary aware that the introduction of more rigorous management and purchasing provisions in central Government will be welcomed by everyone , but it hardly needs a massive White Paper and a citizens charter to start the job ? Surely the greatest guarantee of performance in central Government would be the guarantee of democratic access ? Why do the Government still refuse to endorse the principle of freedom of information , and why do they not agree to support the freedom of information Bill which will shortly be brought before the House ?
is the financial secretary aware that the introduction of more rigorous management and purchasing provisions in central government will be welcomed by everyone , but it hardly needs a massive white paper and a citizens charter to start the job ? surely the greatest guarantee of performance in central government would be the guarantee of democratic access ? why do the government still refuse to [approve of] the principle of freedom of information , and why do they not agree to support the freedom of information bill which will shortly be brought before the house ?

It was agreed at the last meeting of the Parish Council to endorse this request .
it was agreed at the last meeting of the parish council to [approve of] this request .

This was brought before the Parish Council meeting on 16th July and they agreed to endorse your request for assistance in maintaining the Parish Burial Ground .
this was brought before the parish council meeting on 16th july and they agreed to [approve of] your request for assistance in maintaining the parish burial ground .

In addition , a special meeting of the National Council of Labour — the body that represented the General Council of the Trades Union Congress as well as the Parliamentary Labour Party and the National Executive — was hastily summoned to endorse the commitment .
in addition , a special meeting of the national council of labour — the body that represented the general council of the trades union congress as well as the parliamentary labour party and the national executive — was hastily summoned to [approve of] the commitment .

Although the evidence for Lothar 's having studied under Huguccio is far from conclusive , the overwhelming weight of the pope 's own utterances , turn of mind and passionate interest in law seem to endorse the statement of the Gesta that he did indeed study at Bologna .
although the evidence for lothar 's having studied under huguccio is far from conclusive , the overwhelming weight of the pope 's own utterances , turn of mind and passionate interest in law seem to [approve of] the statement of the gesta that he did indeed study at bologna .

Brown 's unpredictability and his refusal to endorse Clinton led to attempts by senior members of the party to prevent him from addressing the convention .
brown 's unpredictability and his refusal to [approve of] clinton led to attempts by senior members of the party to prevent him from addressing the convention .

Although Perot refused to endorse the candidacies of either Clinton or Bush , he conceded that the Democratic Party had done `` a brilliant job `` in reviving itself , and that this had been a key factor in his decision to withdraw .
although perot refused to [approve of] the candidacies of either clinton or bush , he conceded that the democratic party had done `` a brilliant job `` in reviving itself , and that this had been a key factor in his decision to withdraw .

However , it did not endorse the creation of a broadcasting `` observation committee `` to control `` violations `` of free speech .
however , it did not [approve of] the creation of a broadcasting `` observation committee `` to control `` violations `` of free speech .

The conference of enterprise managers , convened on Aug. 13-14 by the Industrial Union ( a parliamentary faction led by Yury Gekht ) , failed to endorse a call for the government 's resignation and appeared fragmented .
the conference of enterprise managers , convened on aug. 13-14 by the industrial union ( a parliamentary faction led by yury gekht ) , failed to [approve of] a call for the government 's resignation and appeared fragmented .

Flowers stated that she had had a sporadic sexual relationship with Clinton between 1977 and 1989 , and she had provided the newspaper with a number of taped telephone conversations between herself and Clinton from 1990 to 1992 which appeared to endorse aspects of her claim .
flowers stated that she had had a sporadic sexual relationship with clinton between 1977 and 1989 , and she had provided the newspaper with a number of taped telephone conversations between herself and clinton from 1990 to 1992 which appeared to [approve of] aspects of her claim .

At a press conference he gave after the collapse of the coup ( on Aug. 21 ) Gorbachev recounted that a delegation , consisting of Boldin , Gen. Plekhanov , Shenin and Gen. Varennikov , had visited him at his holiday dacha in the Crimea on Aug. 18 and placed him under house arrest because he had refused to endorse a state of emergency .
at a press conference he gave after the collapse of the coup ( on aug. 21 ) gorbachev recounted that a delegation , consisting of boldin , gen. plekhanov , shenin and gen. varennikov , had visited him at his holiday dacha in the crimea on aug. 18 and placed him under house arrest because he had refused to [approve of] a state of emergency .

He was on the centre-right of the party , had been one of the few Democrat leaders to endorse the use of military force against Iraq prior to the launching of the Gulf War , and was a native of the South — where the party had to improve its electoral showing in order to win the presidency .
he was on the centre-right of the party , had been one of the few democrat leaders to [approve of] the use of military force against iraq prior to the launching of the gulf war , and was a native of the south — where the party had to improve its electoral showing in order to win the presidency .

Following a meeting with Collor on Aug. 26 , the 27 state governors acknowledged the need for amendments but refused to endorse the changes as proposed until they had been subjected to a wider debate .
following a meeting with collor on aug. 26 , the 27 state governors acknowledged the need for amendments but refused to [approve of] the changes as proposed until they had been subjected to a wider debate .

In a move abolishing 16 years of presidential rule , MPs voted unanimously on Aug. 6 to endorse the restoration of parliamentary democracy .
in a move abolishing 16 years of presidential rule , mps voted unanimously on aug. 6 to [approve of] the restoration of parliamentary democracy .

Political analysts also agreed that the result marked the eclipse of the traditional political right and centre , which had been obliged to endorse Menem 's conservative economic policies , and marked the isolation of the Peronist left-wing and of other left-wing parties opposed to austerity measures .
political analysts also agreed that the result marked the eclipse of the traditional political right and centre , which had been obliged to [approve of] menem 's conservative economic policies , and marked the isolation of the peronist left-wing and of other left-wing parties opposed to austerity measures .

According to the Jerusalem Post of Sept. 28 , pro-Israel lobbyists said that 62 senators had undertaken to endorse the guarantees in the event of a vote .
according to the jerusalem post of sept. 28 , pro-israel lobbyists said that 62 senators had undertaken to [approve of] the guarantees in the event of a vote .

They reached crisis point in May 1991 when Serbia and Montenegro failed to endorse Mesic , a Croat , as the next President of the Collective State Presidency .
they reached crisis point in may 1991 when serbia and montenegro failed to [approve of] mesic , a croat , as the next president of the collective state presidency .

Speculation that Hawke was in the grip of the left increased on June 18 when he forced the majority of the Cabinet to endorse a permanent ban on mining at Coronation Hill , in the Northern Territory .
speculation that hawke was in the grip of the left increased on june 18 when he forced the majority of the cabinet to [approve of] a permanent ban on mining at coronation hill , in the northern territory .

The Chamber of the People of the Federal Assembly had on May 30 failed to endorse a resolution ( which had already been passed by the Chamber of Nations ) requesting that the names of all former StB agents be published .
the chamber of the people of the federal assembly had on may 30 failed to [approve of] a resolution ( which had already been passed by the chamber of nations ) requesting that the names of all former stb agents be published .

Reports citing delegates said that Kuwait and Saudi Arabia had been particularly reluctant , ostensibly on grounds of cost , to endorse large numbers of permanently stationed Egyptian and Syrian troops and had favoured instead a commitment to deploy forces rapidly to the area in times of crisis .
reports citing delegates said that kuwait and saudi arabia had been particularly reluctant , ostensibly on grounds of cost , to [approve of] large numbers of permanently stationed egyptian and syrian troops and had favoured instead a commitment to deploy forces rapidly to the area in times of crisis .

Mutalibov faced increasing pressure as demonstrators in Baku , the Azerbaijani capital , called for his resignation , and the republic 's parliament refused to endorse his proposed peace plan ( involving cultural autonomy for Nagorny Karabakh within Azerbaijan ) .
mutalibov faced increasing pressure as demonstrators in baku , the azerbaijani capital , called for his resignation , and the republic 's parliament refused to [approve of] his proposed peace plan ( involving cultural autonomy for nagorny karabakh within azerbaijan ) .

Apparently fearing that direct rule might be imposed , the Moldavian Supreme Soviet voted on Dec. 30 to endorse the decree .
apparently fearing that direct rule might be imposed , the moldavian supreme soviet voted on dec. 30 to [approve of] the decree .

The Senate was expected to endorse the decision by the end of the month .
the senate was expected to [approve of] the decision by the end of the month .

Gosbank had warned on Nov.29 that it would cease payments to central government , after the Supreme Soviet refused to endorse a request for 90,500 million roubles credit to finance the last quarter budget deficit and pay state employees [ for budget deficit see p. 38301 ] .
gosbank had warned on nov.29 that it would cease payments to central government , after the supreme soviet refused to [approve of] a request for 90,500 million roubles credit to finance the last quarter budget deficit and pay state employees [ for budget deficit see p. 38301 ] .

In his key-note National Day address to parliament in August Suharto appeared to endorse moves towards greater openness and democracy .
in his key-note national day address to parliament in august suharto appeared to [approve of] moves towards greater openness and democracy .

Gaidar 's speech was followed by calls for his resignation , but on Sept. 23 the Supreme Soviet refused to endorse a no confidence motion , encouraged to reject it by Supreme Soviet Chairman Ruslan Khasbulatov , usually a critic of the government , who asked deputies not to make such a `` strategic mistake `` .
gaidar 's speech was followed by calls for his resignation , but on sept. 23 the supreme soviet refused to [approve of] a no confidence motion , encouraged to reject it by supreme soviet chairman ruslan khasbulatov , usually a critic of the government , who asked deputies not to make such a `` strategic mistake `` .

Izvestiya criticized this bill as anti-constitutional and Yeltsin refused to endorse it .
izvestiya criticized this bill as anti-constitutional and yeltsin refused to [approve of] it .

Some 200 Azerbaijan Popular Front fighters occupied the Interior Ministry and the television centre after the republic 's parliament refused to endorse the appointment .
some 200 azerbaijan popular front fighters occupied the interior ministry and the television centre after the republic 's parliament refused to [approve of] the appointment .

Tsongas did not endorse either of the remaining candidates , and stated that he would retain his 430 hard-won delegates until the party convention in July .
tsongas did not [approve of] either of the remaining candidates , and stated that he would retain his 430 hard-won delegates until the party convention in july .

On the economy , Li supported the cautious 6 per cent annual growth target as outlined in the current five-year plan , and thereby failed to endorse Deng 's demand for double-digit expansion rates .
on the economy , li supported the cautious 6 per cent annual growth target as outlined in the current five-year plan , and thereby failed to [approve of] deng 's demand for double-digit expansion rates .

However , the Prime Minister appeared to endorse some of Samaras 's views .
however , the prime minister appeared to [approve of] some of samaras 's views .

The British pointedly refused to endorse the two major conditions that de Gaulle placed on an armistice with the local authorities : an opportunity for Free France to administer the mandated territories and recruit soldiers and civilians from them ; and a guarantee that the British would respect all of France 's rights in the region .
the british pointedly refused to [approve of] the two major conditions that de gaulle placed on an armistice with the local authorities : an opportunity for free france to administer the mandated territories and recruit soldiers and civilians from them ; and a guarantee that the british would respect all of france 's rights in the region .

( i ) To draw , make , accept , endorse , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , warrants , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .
( i ) to draw , make , accept , [approve of] , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , warrants , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .

( i ) To draw , make , accept , endorse , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , warrants , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .
( i ) to draw , make , accept , [approve of] , discount , negotiate , execute and issue cheques , bills of exchange , promissory notes , bills of lading , warrants , debentures , and other negotiable or transferable instruments .

Conservative Anglicans , unable to endorse its open approach in matters of religion , founded a rival organisation in 1811 : the National Society for the Provision of Education for the Poor on the Principles of the Established Church .
conservative anglicans , unable to [approve of] its open approach in matters of religion , founded a rival organisation in 1811 : the national society for the provision of education for the poor on the principles of the established church .

chorales endorse the beadle ,
chorales [approve of] the beadle ,

For him to endorse her as a ‘ major literary figure ’ sticks in his gullet .
for him to [approve of] her as a ‘ major literary figure ’ sticks in his gullet .

Labour , which has 49 Scottish seats , and the Liberal Democrats , which have nine , are calling on the Tories urgently to endorse some form of devolution .
labour , which has 49 scottish seats , and the liberal democrats , which have nine , are calling on the tories urgently to [approve of] some form of devolution .

But while some senior Tories are urging a softening of the ‘ no compromise ’ line on Scotland , others are urging the party to stand firm and endorse an approach which increased the party 's vote north of the border by 1.5 per cent .
but while some senior tories are urging a softening of the ‘ no compromise ’ line on scotland , others are urging the party to stand firm and [approve of] an approach which increased the party 's vote north of the border by 1.5 per cent .

Mr Smith has publicly refused to endorse any of the deputy leadership challengers , insisting that he is not seeking a ‘ running mate ’ .
mr smith has publicly refused to [approve of] any of the deputy leadership challengers , insisting that he is not seeking a ‘ running mate ’ .

Gassendi shows some tendency to endorse this line of thought .
gassendi shows some tendency to [approve of] this line of thought .

For it is as publisher , not as chief executive , that Mr Sulzberger decides whom the newspaper will endorse in an election .
for it is as publisher , not as chief executive , that mr sulzberger decides whom the newspaper will [approve of] in an election .

Dismayingly , the plan does not explicitly endorse the private ownership of land .
dismayingly , the plan does not explicitly [approve of] the private ownership of land .

As one is encouraged to endorse broad humanitarian concerns , one is also expected to respond not so much to specific songs or artists so much as to generic types of music .
as one is encouraged to [approve of] broad humanitarian concerns , one is also expected to respond not so much to specific songs or artists so much as to generic types of music .

Even those who did not endorse the company 's claim to produce ‘ The Best Car in the World ’ were prepared to give it the benefit of the doubt .
even those who did not [approve of] the company 's claim to produce ‘ the best car in the world ’ were prepared to give it the benefit of the doubt .

Michael Jones , president-elect of the National Association of Estate Agents , does n't exactly endorse the architects ' case , but he too is deeply critical of the volume builders .
michael jones , president-elect of the national association of estate agents , does n't exactly [approve of] the architects ' case , but he too is deeply critical of the volume builders .

Within the Laganside area the Commissioners are the largest landowners and they fully endorse the strategy , recognising the need for a high quality interface between the City and the Port .
within the laganside area the commissioners are the largest landowners and they fully [approve of] the strategy , recognising the need for a high quality interface between the city and the port .

In fact , it could be said that the only women these days who sport one single fragrance , all the time , are those famous glamour-pusses — Joan Collins , Elizabeth Taylor , Paloma Picasso , and so on — who are paid several millions of dollars a year to endorse a ‘ signature ’ scent , on condition they never allow gossipy fellow lunchers in smart restaurants to get an illicit whiff of ‘ Chanel No 5 ’ as they swan by .
in fact , it could be said that the only women these days who sport one single fragrance , all the time , are those famous glamour-pusses — joan collins , elizabeth taylor , paloma picasso , and so on — who are paid several millions of dollars a year to [approve of] a ‘ signature ’ scent , on condition they never allow gossipy fellow lunchers in smart restaurants to get an illicit whiff of ‘ chanel no 5 ’ as they swan by .

This is the opportunity for senior managers to endorse warnings for vigilance or diligence , which they do occasionally , and for sergeants to review both the incidents which occurred on the last shift and the matters which need special attention on the present one .
this is the opportunity for senior managers to [approve of] warnings for vigilance or diligence , which they do occasionally , and for sergeants to review both the incidents which occurred on the last shift and the matters which need special attention on the present one .

For example , Manning ( 1977 ) showed how policemen and women in the ranks have an ability to bypass or undermine innovations introduced by police managers , some even doing so while appearing to endorse the policy change ( Chatterton 1979 ) .
for example , manning ( 1977 ) showed how policemen and women in the ranks have an ability to bypass or undermine innovations introduced by police managers , some even doing so while appearing to [approve of] the policy change ( chatterton 1979 ) .

Rose 's ( 1971 ) survey , conducted in 1968 on the verge of ‘ the Troubles ’ , found that as many as 30 per cent of the catholic population were ‘ explicitly prepared to endorse the constitution ’ of Northern Ireland , which then included the Stormont parliament .
rose 's ( 1971 ) survey , conducted in 1968 on the verge of ‘ the troubles ’ , found that as many as 30 per cent of the catholic population were ‘ explicitly prepared to [approve of] the constitution ’ of northern ireland , which then included the stormont parliament .

there must be , there has to be a separation between Church and State and we totally endorse and emphatically reiterate that , but the separation between Church and State does not mean a separation between conscience and the electorate 's responsibility in voting .
there must be , there has to be a separation between church and state and we totally [approve of] and emphatically reiterate that , but the separation between church and state does not mean a separation between conscience and the electorate 's responsibility in voting .

The Club claims they are opposed to registration by permanent marking by branding or tattooing as ‘ unkind and inconvenient ’ . How can anyone take this seriously , when the same people endorse the amputation of tails and toes in conscious pups up to the age of seven days ?
the club claims they are opposed to registration by permanent marking by branding or tattooing as ‘ unkind and inconvenient ’ . how can anyone take this seriously , when the same people [approve of] the amputation of tails and toes in conscious pups up to the age of seven days ?

The delegates , largely from Zimbabwe 's rural areas , are expected to endorse enthusiastically Mr Mugabe 's call .
the delegates , largely from zimbabwe 's rural areas , are expected to [approve of] enthusiastically mr mugabe 's call .

With opinion polls showing Labour ahead of the Conservatives , many health service managers are biding their time , not prepared to press forward rapidly with changes which could soon be reversed and which in any case they are reluctant to endorse .
with opinion polls showing labour ahead of the conservatives , many health service managers are biding their time , not prepared to press forward rapidly with changes which could soon be reversed and which in any case they are reluctant to [approve of] .

The editor of the Church of England Newspaper remarked that the overzealousness of Ramsey 's friends did him a disservice by making him the representative of an intolerant school of thought and by inflating his reputation beyond what his record would endorse .
the editor of the church of england newspaper remarked that the overzealousness of ramsey 's friends did him a disservice by making him the representative of an intolerant school of thought and by inflating his reputation beyond what his record would [approve of] .

Pigou shared Keynes 's analysis of the disequilibrium between savings and investment , and was prepared to endorse public works .
pigou shared keynes 's analysis of the disequilibrium between savings and investment , and was prepared to [approve of] public works .

Over such key issues as the European Common Market he had followed a prudent , unadventurous course , only moving to endorse membership at the last moment when political circumstances seemed so to dictate .
over such key issues as the european common market he had followed a prudent , unadventurous course , only moving to [approve of] membership at the last moment when political circumstances seemed so to dictate .

Surveys have reported heavy support for the trade union reforms introduced by the Conservative government since 1979 and show that profit-making is still socially acceptable and that people endorse the principle that wage increases must be earned by firms selling their goods at a profit .
surveys have reported heavy support for the trade union reforms introduced by the conservative government since 1979 and show that profit-making is still socially acceptable and that people [approve of] the principle that wage increases must be earned by firms selling their goods at a profit .

Americans liked Reagan 's personality and his handling of the economy and foreign policy , but they did not endorse Reaganism .
americans liked reagan 's personality and his handling of the economy and foreign policy , but they did not [approve of] reaganism .

The second point concerning the position of women which anthropologists would almost universally endorse follows from the first .
the second point concerning the position of women which anthropologists would almost universally [approve of] follows from the first .

Yet the fact that many primitive peoples regulate interpersonal relations with a fair degree of predictability and humanity , without the help of a centralized political system , is one that most anthropologists would now endorse ; however , unlike Engels , they do this without pointing out the political implications of such an observation .
yet the fact that many primitive peoples regulate interpersonal relations with a fair degree of predictability and humanity , without the help of a centralized political system , is one that most anthropologists would now [approve of] ; however , unlike engels , they do this without pointing out the political implications of such an observation .

’ The former king condemns the Kabul regime with the same tone he used when the Soviet troops were in Afghanistan and has also refused to endorse the mujahedin interim government in Peshawar .
’ the former king condemns the kabul regime with the same tone he used when the soviet troops were in afghanistan and has also refused to [approve of] the mujahedin interim government in peshawar .

Many agree however that to maintain that the Report argued for a single worker appropriate to all situations is false , and would endorse Hey in her suggestion that generalist , even general purpose , may be the more appropriate term for the individual the Committee envisaged .
many agree however that to maintain that the report argued for a single worker appropriate to all situations is false , and would [approve of] hey in her suggestion that generalist , even general purpose , may be the more appropriate term for the individual the committee envisaged .

There is also some doubt about whether enterprises are entitled to issue promissory notes at all , and whether banks are entitled to endorse them .
there is also some doubt about whether enterprises are entitled to issue promissory notes at all , and whether banks are entitled to [approve of] them .

The Royal Commission on Population also tended to endorse the view that a stationary population was possibly not a bad thing considering the way in which the economy could be regulated .
the royal commission on population also tended to [approve of] the view that a stationary population was possibly not a bad thing considering the way in which the economy could be regulated .

Both this work and The Endless Short Story ( 1986 ) confirm Peter Currie 's general assertion that ‘ American postmodernism may be seen to endorse a rhetorical view of life which begins with the primacy of language ’ ( in Bradbury and Ro 1987 : 64 ) .
both this work and the endless short story ( 1986 ) confirm peter currie 's general assertion that ‘ american postmodernism may be seen to [approve of] a rhetorical view of life which begins with the primacy of language ’ ( in bradbury and ro 1987 : 64 ) .

Thus , the existence of both mimetic and autonomous features in Simon 's novels proves that the two are not incompatible , as Ricardou claimed and which the novelist himself had been willing to endorse for a time .
thus , the existence of both mimetic and autonomous features in simon 's novels proves that the two are not incompatible , as ricardou claimed and which the novelist himself had been willing to [approve of] for a time .

To endorse the suggestion that information acquired during pre-exposure interferes with the use of that acquired during conditioning requires an attempt to specify the nature of the information acquired in the first phase .
to [approve of] the suggestion that information acquired during pre-exposure interferes with the use of that acquired during conditioning requires an attempt to specify the nature of the information acquired in the first phase .

They all endorse the technology of incineration used to destroy PCBs .
they all [approve of] the technology of incineration used to destroy pcbs .

After all , had it not led Eliot into seeming to endorse the anti-semitic French royalism of Charles Maurras ?
after all , had it not led eliot into seeming to [approve of] the anti-semitic french royalism of charles maurras ?

Endorse reunification of the two Germanys
[approve of] reunification of the two germanys

To endorse this he was writing to a young Quaker girl in Norwich with the intention of marriage .
to [approve of] this he was writing to a young quaker girl in norwich with the intention of marriage .

It insists , however , that that will be done in a constitutional framework which allows everyone an equal chance to endorse any conception of the good and to realize it .
it insists , however , that that will be done in a constitutional framework which allows everyone an equal chance to [approve of] any conception of the good and to realize it .

But all of them endorse one or the other of the principles of political neutrality mentioned above and seek to implement it by some variant of the following principles of restraint which limit the political relevance of ideals of the good .
but all of them [approve of] one or the other of the principles of political neutrality mentioned above and seek to implement it by some variant of the following principles of restraint which limit the political relevance of ideals of the good .

No political action may be undertaken if it makes a difference to the likelihood that a person will endorse one conception of the good or another , or to his chances of realizing his conception of the good , unless other actions are undertaken which cancel out such effects .
no political action may be undertaken if it makes a difference to the likelihood that a person will [approve of] one conception of the good or another , or to his chances of realizing his conception of the good , unless other actions are undertaken which cancel out such effects .

Egalitarian supporters of the neutrality principle such as Rawls endorse a variant on the principle of comprehensive neutrality .
egalitarian supporters of the neutrality principle such as rawls [approve of] a variant on the principle of comprehensive neutrality .

Given the social determination of the concept of a person and the absence of unanimity in the the outcome of moral deliberation , the only proper course seems to be to endorse constitutional arrangements neutral between conceptions of the good in order to enable all individuals to develop and pursue their own conception of the good .
given the social determination of the concept of a person and the absence of unanimity in the the outcome of moral deliberation , the only proper course seems to be to [approve of] constitutional arrangements neutral between conceptions of the good in order to enable all individuals to develop and pursue their own conception of the good .

In these circumstances to talk of the inner city may be to accept a vocabulary which we might prefer not to endorse but it might also use the only language in which we can be heard .
in these circumstances to talk of the inner city may be to accept a vocabulary which we might prefer not to [approve of] but it might also use the only language in which we can be heard .

We were in accord with Jewish law in one respect : that the mother is a dominant factor , in terms of upbringing and influence ; and this we can endorse .
we were in accord with jewish law in one respect : that the mother is a dominant factor , in terms of upbringing and influence ; and this we can [approve of] .

In the event , however , the project occurred in neither of these areas : not in Barnet because the psychogeriatric service was still in the process of development ; nor in Southwark because , although there was an enormous amount of goodwill and enthusiasm for the project , the social services unions ( particularly the joint Home Helps Shop Stewards Committee ) decided that they could not endorse cooperation with the project , the main reason being that they felt — mistakenly in our view — that a project which employed its own carers might be a threat to the employment of local authority home helps , and that ‘ to endorse such a service is not helping the elderly in the long term , it is only carrying out this Government 's stratagem in closing Homes and hospitals ’ .
in the event , however , the project occurred in neither of these areas : not in barnet because the psychogeriatric service was still in the process of development ; nor in southwark because , although there was an enormous amount of goodwill and enthusiasm for the project , the social services unions ( particularly the joint home helps shop stewards committee ) decided that they could not [approve of] cooperation with the project , the main reason being that they felt — mistakenly in our view — that a project which employed its own carers might be a threat to the employment of local authority home helps , and that ‘ to [approve of] such a service is not helping the elderly in the long term , it is only carrying out this government 's stratagem in closing homes and hospitals ’ .

the end of any age discrimination for voluntary participation in the statutory and the voluntary sectors , especially and initially from those bodies who have it within their own control so to devise and endorse ;
the end of any age discrimination for voluntary participation in the statutory and the voluntary sectors , especially and initially from those bodies who have it within their own control so to devise and [approve of] ;

Sir Karl Popper , a kind and gentle thinker and whose 80th birthday we recently celebrated , has expressed this notion time and time again , and other scientists heartily endorse it .
sir karl popper , a kind and gentle thinker and whose 80th birthday we recently celebrated , has expressed this notion time and time again , and other scientists heartily [approve of] it .

Hall 's ideas , which he was later to endorse strongly ( Hall , 1982a ; 1982b ) were based on the idea that inner-urban decline in some British cities had gone so far that orthodox approaches to regeneration would not work .
hall 's ideas , which he was later to [approve of] strongly ( hall , 1982a ; 1982b ) were based on the idea that inner-urban decline in some british cities had gone so far that orthodox approaches to regeneration would not work .

The more children view , the more likely they are to endorse such stereotypes .
the more children view , the more likely they are to [approve of] such stereotypes .

Implementation will , therefore , require the emergence of leaders who endorse the concept that alcohol screening and intervention is their responsibility .
implementation will , therefore , require the emergence of leaders who [approve of] the concept that alcohol screening and intervention is their responsibility .

The development of credible opinion leaders who are emergency medicine clinicians , who will endorse and advance the concept of alcohol screening and intervention , is the best means of fostering attitudinal change within that specialty .
the development of credible opinion leaders who are emergency medicine clinicians , who will [approve of] and advance the concept of alcohol screening and intervention , is the best means of fostering attitudinal change within that specialty .

Current funding sources are not structured to foster the development of leaders in emergency medicine who endorse the concept that addressing alcohol problems is their responsibility .
current funding sources are not structured to foster the development of leaders in emergency medicine who [approve of] the concept that addressing alcohol problems is their responsibility .

The CIO Council is pleased to endorse the principles and best practices embodied in this guide .
the cio council is pleased to [approve of] the principles and best practices embodied in this guide .

The CIO Council is pleased to endorse the principles and best practices embodied in this guide .
the cio council is pleased to [approve of] the principles and best practices embodied in this guide .

State Justice Communities Indicators of success -- We endorse a common vision of diversity and goal for achievement on the national , state and local levels , and diversity issues are included in every state plan .
state justice communities indicators of success -- we [approve of] a common vision of diversity and goal for achievement on the national , state and local levels , and diversity issues are included in every state plan .

If the LSC-funded lawyers were here arguing that the statute permitted representation of individual welfare claimants who did not challenge existing law , I venture to say that the Court would endorse their argument- perhaps with stirring language about the importance of aid to welfare applicants and the Court 's unwillingness to presume without clear indication that Congress would want to eliminate it .
if the lsc-funded lawyers were here arguing that the statute permitted representation of individual welfare claimants who did not challenge existing law , i venture to say that the court would [approve of] their argument- perhaps with stirring language about the importance of aid to welfare applicants and the court 's unwillingness to presume without clear indication that congress would want to eliminate it .

EPA does not necessarily endorse any particular threshold .
epa does not necessarily [approve of] any particular threshold .

In the event that someone does take up the McHugh gauntlet and seeks your support , I think it is important that you , that mailers not just blindly endorse a bill simply because its title includes the phrase `` postal reform . ''
in the event that someone does take up the mchugh gauntlet and seeks your support , i think it is important that you , that mailers not just blindly [approve of] a bill simply because its title includes the phrase `` postal reform . ''

In 1998 , the DCI was able to persuade the administration and the Congress to endorse a long-range rebuilding program .
in 1998 , the dci was able to persuade the administration and the congress to [approve of] a long-range rebuilding program .

The result of these sessions was ANSI 's recommendation that the Commission endorse a voluntary National Preparedness Standard .
the result of these sessions was ansi 's recommendation that the commission [approve of] a voluntary national preparedness standard .

Recommendation : We endorse the American National Standards Institute 's recommended standard for private preparedness .
recommendation : we [approve of] the american national standards institute 's recommended standard for private preparedness .

A lot of the newspapers that folded were rotten and deserved to die , a sentiment that many left-wing press critics will endorse .
a lot of the newspapers that folded were rotten and deserved to die , a sentiment that many left-wing press critics will [approve of] .

His many charitable projects -- a genealogical research foundation , a Holocaust archive -- endorse the same Norman Rockwell vision of tolerance as his movies .
his many charitable projects -- a genealogical research foundation , a holocaust archive -- [approve of] the same norman rockwell vision of tolerance as his movies .

Netanyahu says that if Israel 's parliament fails to endorse his policies by next week , he will call new elections .
netanyahu says that if israel 's parliament fails to [approve of] his policies by next week , he will call new elections .

Some reviewers endorse the film as benign summer fare with `` nary a car chase , explosion or loaded weapon '' ( Leah Rozen , People ) .
some reviewers [approve of] the film as benign summer fare with `` nary a car chase , explosion or loaded weapon '' ( leah rozen , people ) .

A key ingredient in the upswing is that Albright emphasized that the U.S. does n't endorse Taiwan 's recent attempts to depart from the `` one China '' policy .
a key ingredient in the upswing is that albright emphasized that the u.s. does n't [approve of] taiwan 's recent attempts to depart from the `` one china '' policy .

This taboo is a form of political correctness that even Republicans endorse .
this taboo is a form of political correctness that even republicans [approve of] .

Personally , I do n't think that what stands in the way of Rorty 's utopia is the failure of Frederic Jameson and Terry Eagleton to endorse it .
personally , i do n't think that what stands in the way of rorty 's utopia is the failure of frederic jameson and terry eagleton to [approve of] it .

They endorse an open-door immigration policy .
they [approve of] an open-door immigration policy .

In short , I see no evidence that the filmmakers wanted to endorse Ricky 's nihilistic detachment .
in short , i see no evidence that the filmmakers wanted to [approve of] ricky 's nihilistic detachment .

The critics often positively endorse programs giving a special break to people who 've overcome economic or cultural disadvantage .
the critics often positively [approve of] programs giving a special break to people who 've overcome economic or cultural disadvantage .

Once you get your adolescent to endorse this idea ( and to forget that Juliet was just 14 ) , you 've won .
once you get your adolescent to [approve of] this idea ( and to forget that juliet was just 14 ) , you 've won .

For my part , I plan to endorse the Baptist boycott of Disney .
for my part , i plan to [approve of] the baptist boycott of disney .

He ought to endorse an increase in the minimum wage for the working poor .
he ought to [approve of] an increase in the minimum wage for the working poor .

Other publications , too timid to endorse even this superficial assessment , reported that `` analysts '' and `` top Republicans '' were questioning Bush 's `` erratic handling of the drug question '' and warning that his `` candidacy had been bruised by his handling of the issue . ''
other publications , too timid to [approve of] even this superficial assessment , reported that `` analysts '' and `` top republicans '' were questioning bush 's `` erratic handling of the drug question '' and warning that his `` candidacy had been bruised by his handling of the issue . ''

I do n't endorse the practice of paying sources .
i do n't [approve of] the practice of paying sources .

I certainly do n't endorse the practice of giving money to witnesses in a criminal investigation ( rich right-winger Richard Mellon Scaife is accused of having provided the money that allegedly went to former Clinton associate David Hale ) .
i certainly do n't [approve of] the practice of giving money to witnesses in a criminal investigation ( rich right-winger richard mellon scaife is accused of having provided the money that allegedly went to former clinton associate david hale ) .

If the comments of the pro-industry commissioners can be believed , the industry will happily endorse such a report .
if the comments of the pro-industry commissioners can be believed , the industry will happily [approve of] such a report .

Voters endorse this premise , affiliating themselves less and less with either party and splitting their tickets in the voting booth more and more .
voters [approve of] this premise , affiliating themselves less and less with either party and splitting their tickets in the voting booth more and more .

Sunbeam chairman `` Chainsaw '' Al Dunlap sued the American Medical Association to make the AMA endorse Sunbeam 's health-care products exclusively for five years .
sunbeam chairman `` chainsaw '' al dunlap sued the american medical association to make the ama [approve of] sunbeam 's health-care products exclusively for five years .

An article says the American Library Association is encouraging Internet porn : The association , citing the Amendment , refuses to endorse `` content filters '' for Web-equipped library computers .
an article says the american library association is encouraging internet porn : the association , citing the amendment , refuses to [approve of] `` content filters '' for web-equipped library computers .

Political conservatives endorse Abrams ' calls for a return to Orthodoxy and an alliance with evangelical Christians .
political conservatives [approve of] abrams ' calls for a return to orthodoxy and an alliance with evangelical christians .

He is undoubtedly the only canonical writer to endorse `` Madame Fontaine 's Bosom Beautifier , '' a breast-enlarging cream .
he is undoubtedly the only canonical writer to [approve of] `` madame fontaine 's bosom beautifier , '' a breast-enlarging cream .

Put the gun down ) For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother ; be he ne'er so vile ; Lord Ventura ( who doth speak ill of Faith ) Shall hold his manhood cheap That he did not mind his tongue And endorse me .
put the gun down ) for he to-day that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother ; be he ne'er so vile ; lord ventura ( who doth speak ill of faith ) shall hold his manhood cheap that he did not mind his tongue and [approve of] me .

Horton told Playboy magazine in 1989 that a woman who identified herself as working for `` an organization affiliated with the Bush campaign '' phoned him and wrote letters to him up in prison trying to get him to endorse Dukakis .
horton told playboy magazine in 1989 that a woman who identified herself as working for `` an organization affiliated with the bush campaign '' phoned him and wrote letters to him up in prison trying to get him to [approve of] dukakis .

Meanwhile , the AP reports that former Clinton Labor Secretary Robert Reich will endorse Bradley and join his campaign .
meanwhile , the ap reports that former clinton labor secretary robert reich will [approve of] bradley and join his campaign .

Bradley 's child poverty speech was a bunch of sensible incremental proposals that practically everyone to the left of the Heritage Foundation 's Robert Rector might endorse ( and Rector might go for some of them ) .
bradley 's child poverty speech was a bunch of sensible incremental proposals that practically everyone to the left of the heritage foundation 's robert rector might [approve of] ( and rector might go for some of them ) .

Sante does n't necessarily endorse father-daughter liaisons , of course , but he does endorse writing about them .
sante does n't necessarily [approve of] father-daughter liaisons , of course , but he does [approve of] writing about them .

Our `` The Earthling '' columnist , Robert Wright , by contrast , does indeed endorse sleeping with your daughter .
our `` the earthling '' columnist , robert wright , by contrast , does indeed [approve of] sleeping with your daughter .

Giuliani is no shoo-in : A lot of New Yorkers and even suburbanites are turned off by his authoritarianism ; Pataki and D'Amato will continue to undermine him , endorsement or no ; and the Conservative Party probably wo n't endorse him unless he makes some gestures to the right , which will not help him with his New York/suburban base .
giuliani is no shoo-in : a lot of new yorkers and even suburbanites are turned off by his authoritarianism ; pataki and d'amato will continue to undermine him , endorsement or no ; and the conservative party probably wo n't [approve of] him unless he makes some gestures to the right , which will not help him with his new york/suburban base .

The Washington Post leads with the news that President Clinton will endorse a patient 's rights bill .
the washington post leads with the news that president clinton will [approve of] a patient 's rights bill .

President Clinton is expected to endorse all this , although , the Times points out , nobody has explained how these new rights would be enforced .
president clinton is expected to [approve of] all this , although , the times points out , nobody has explained how these new rights would be enforced .

The Washington Post ran a surprising news article last week by David Broder reporting that Friends of the Earth 's political action committee would endorse Bill Bradley for president .
the washington post ran a surprising news article last week by david broder reporting that friends of the earth 's political action committee would [approve of] bill bradley for president .

The surprising news was n't that Friends of the Earth was dissing Gore -- as Broder 's article explained , Friends of the Earth is both somewhat smaller than and somewhat to the left of most other national environmental groups , which are still expected to endorse the vice president .
the surprising news was n't that friends of the earth was dissing gore -- as broder 's article explained , friends of the earth is both somewhat smaller than and somewhat to the left of most other national environmental groups , which are still expected to [approve of] the vice president .

Predicting ( Another ) Pat 's Path On This Week , Bill Kristol predicts that Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan , D-N.Y. , will endorse Bill Bradley this week .
predicting ( another ) pat 's path on this week , bill kristol predicts that senator daniel patrick moynihan , d-n.y. , will [approve of] bill bradley this week .

They do n't hanker for the old family order or want to put women back in ancient strictures , but neither do they endorse the left 's `` anything goes '' morality .
they do n't hanker for the old family order or want to put women back in ancient strictures , but neither do they [approve of] the left 's `` anything goes '' morality .

Several pundits ( Liasson ; Mark Shields , NewsHour ; Tony Blankley , CNN 's Late Edition ) compared the treaty 's political impact to that of the Clinton administration 's first-term health-care initiative : Voters endorse big-think issues like these in principle , but rebel after they get wind of the specifics .
several pundits ( liasson ; mark shields , newshour ; tony blankley , cnn 's late edition ) compared the treaty 's political impact to that of the clinton administration 's first-term health-care initiative : voters [approve of] big-think issues like these in principle , but rebel after they get wind of the specifics .

While few pundits endorse specific proposals , that does n't stop them from criticizing the White House : `` People in search of a rationale , '' George Will ( ABC 's This Week With Sam and Cokie ) calls them .
while few pundits [approve of] specific proposals , that does n't stop them from criticizing the white house : `` people in search of a rationale , '' george will ( abc 's this week with sam and cokie ) calls them .

The cover editorial and article endorse -- tentatively -- assisted suicide .
the cover editorial and article [approve of] -- tentatively -- assisted suicide .

In life , she got her high-school degree via correspondence from Chicago 's American School ( the Osmonds ' alma mater ) , and was one of the only Tejano stars not to endorse a beer brand .
in life , she got her high-school degree via correspondence from chicago 's american school ( the osmonds ' alma mater ) , and was one of the only tejano stars not to [approve of] a beer brand .

No , the reason I ca n't buy into the New Economy is actually very simple : Despite all the incentives , I ca n't bring myself to endorse a doctrine that I know to be just plain dumb .
no , the reason i ca n't buy into the new economy is actually very simple : despite all the incentives , i ca n't bring myself to [approve of] a doctrine that i know to be just plain dumb .

If there is something new in the writings of Kelly and other cyberprophets , it is the fact that they do n't just predict a future in which the curves slope the wrong way , they endorse it .
if there is something new in the writings of kelly and other cyberprophets , it is the fact that they do n't just predict a future in which the curves slope the wrong way , they [approve of] it .

John McCain : `` I heartily endorse Governor Bush 's proposals .
john mccain : `` i heartily [approve of] governor bush 's proposals .

Appearing with his wife again on This Week , Bob Dole predicts that Bush will win the nomination ( although he still will not endorse him ) .
appearing with his wife again on this week , bob dole predicts that bush will win the nomination ( although he still will not [approve of] him ) .

This small victory for Hillary came at a cost of some embarrassment to Cuomo , who now looks a little like a partisan thug ( and a disloyal thug at that , since Giuliani risked his career to endorse Andrew 's father Mario in the 1994 New York governor 's race . )
this small victory for hillary came at a cost of some embarrassment to cuomo , who now looks a little like a partisan thug ( and a disloyal thug at that , since giuliani risked his career to [approve of] andrew 's father mario in the 1994 new york governor 's race . )

The only top ratings Chatterbox can endorse are Yardeni 's three pluses for Saving Private Ryan , The Full Monty , and Wag the Dog .
the only top ratings chatterbox can [approve of] are yardeni 's three pluses for saving private ryan , the full monty , and wag the dog .

Albert Einstein got his Nobel in physics 16 years after he published his work , but the committee declined to endorse that reckless relativity stuff .
albert einstein got his nobel in physics 16 years after he published his work , but the committee declined to [approve of] that reckless relativity stuff .

It 's a common debating tactic to assert that some respected figure of the past would endorse your position on some controversy of the present .
it 's a common debating tactic to assert that some respected figure of the past would [approve of] your position on some controversy of the present .

Once again , economists will stand ready to endorse the judgment of the marketplace .
once again , economists will stand ready to [approve of] the judgment of the marketplace .

There 's another potential outcome , and it 's one that economists would not endorse .
there 's another potential outcome , and it 's one that economists would not [approve of] .

Even in his public role , there 's an excellent chance his newspaper under his direction will endorse Gore 's candidacy .
even in his public role , there 's an excellent chance his newspaper under his direction will [approve of] gore 's candidacy .

That the coalition 's plea for tax-exempt status has been rejected , it may split into two wings : a tax-exempt voter education branch and a political action committee that would endorse candidates and donate to campaigns .
that the coalition 's plea for tax-exempt status has been rejected , it may split into two wings : a tax-exempt voter education branch and a political action committee that would [approve of] candidates and donate to campaigns .

They are too scared of losing their video lottery funds to endorse the ballot initiatives .
they are too scared of losing their video lottery funds to [approve of] the ballot initiatives .

The gay read on Ernie and Bert is n't wrong because the creators do n't endorse it .
the gay read on ernie and bert is n't wrong because the creators do n't [approve of] it .

Reporting on things seen and heard while globe-trotting , with a bit of opinion thrown in , works well in Friedman 's biweekly Times column , but a book needs to do more than endorse the wisdom of others -- especially if the wisdom is as familiar and widely accepted as that of Robert Hormats of Goldman Sachs and Lawrence Summers of the Treasury Department .
reporting on things seen and heard while globe-trotting , with a bit of opinion thrown in , works well in friedman 's biweekly times column , but a book needs to do more than [approve of] the wisdom of others -- especially if the wisdom is as familiar and widely accepted as that of robert hormats of goldman sachs and lawrence summers of the treasury department .

Though I am not one to endorse the use of CAPITAL LETTERS TO MAKE A POINT , I believe K. earned that right here .
though i am not one to [approve of] the use of capital letters to make a point , i believe k. earned that right here .

We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and we endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment 's protections apply to unborn children . ''
we support a human life amendment to the constitution and we [approve of] legislation to make clear that the fourteenth amendment 's protections apply to unborn children . ''

Neither man would formally endorse the other , but when a reporter asked the mayor if he 'd specifically urged the governor to run , Bush contorted his arm behind his back and said , `` He twisted my ... '' You know what he said .
neither man would formally [approve of] the other , but when a reporter asked the mayor if he 'd specifically urged the governor to run , bush contorted his arm behind his back and said , `` he twisted my ... '' you know what he said .

Neither man would formally endorse the other , but when a reporter asked the mayor if he 'd specifically urged the governor to run , Bush contorted his arm behind his back and said , `` He twisted my ... '' You know what he said .
neither man would formally [approve of] the other , but when a reporter asked the mayor if he 'd specifically urged the governor to run , bush contorted his arm behind his back and said , `` he twisted my ... '' you know what he said .

Only kidding , Prudie does not endorse falsehoods .
only kidding , prudie does not [approve of] falsehoods .

By July , nine fence-sitting members of Congress -- two Southern Democrats and seven Republicans -- were ready to endorse some form of impeachment articles .
by july , nine fence-sitting members of congress -- two southern democrats and seven republicans -- were ready to [approve of] some form of impeachment articles .

Many conservatives still endorse the segregationist line that government should n't interfere with people 's preferences .
many conservatives still [approve of] the segregationist line that government should n't interfere with people 's preferences .

While continuing to endorse the ideal of integration , they say affirmative action , busing , and the rest do more harm than good .
while continuing to [approve of] the ideal of integration , they say affirmative action , busing , and the rest do more harm than good .

Joining them is black economist Glenn Loury , a conservative who broke ranks to endorse affirmative action as a necessary policy .
joining them is black economist glenn loury , a conservative who broke ranks to [approve of] affirmative action as a necessary policy .

Individuals and groups -- including corporations and unions -- can contribute unlimited amounts to the parties for activities such as get-out-the-vote efforts that do not directly endorse specific candidates .
individuals and groups -- including corporations and unions -- can contribute unlimited amounts to the parties for activities such as get-out-the-vote efforts that do not directly [approve of] specific candidates .

Moorer 's subsequent denial that he meant to endorse the sarin/defectors charge is not surprising ( though the fact -- which CNN/ Time also failed to mention -- that he is 87 and not in top mental condition is suggestive ) .
moorer 's subsequent denial that he meant to [approve of] the sarin/defectors charge is not surprising ( though the fact -- which cnn/ time also failed to mention -- that he is 87 and not in top mental condition is suggestive ) .

After the bruising Kennedy-Carter convention fight in 1980 , the National Organization for Women refused to endorse Jimmy Carter -- over Ronald Reagan !
after the bruising kennedy-carter convention fight in 1980 , the national organization for women refused to [approve of] jimmy carter -- over ronald reagan !

He reportedly will endorse some kind of broad-based tax cut in July .
he reportedly will [approve of] some kind of broad-based tax cut in july .

Many `` old school '' supply-side economists , such as Ronald Reagan 's first Council of Economic Advisers chairman , Martin Feldstein , never did endorse the so-called Laffer Curve , that cocktail-napkin art purporting to show that big tax cuts would soon pay for themselves .
many `` old school '' supply-side economists , such as ronald reagan 's first council of economic advisers chairman , martin feldstein , never did [approve of] the so-called laffer curve , that cocktail-napkin art purporting to show that big tax cuts would soon pay for themselves .

All you 've said when you endorse privatization is that if there were water , it should be used to make lemonade .
all you 've said when you [approve of] privatization is that if there were water , it should be used to make lemonade .

The charities , Paris adds , `` do n't endorse the product at all . ''
the charities , paris adds , `` do n't [approve of] the product at all . ''

In February the Los Angeles Central Labor Council voted to endorse Riordan 's re-election bid after he dangled promises of an immense hotel-development project .
in february the los angeles central labor council voted to [approve of] riordan 's re-election bid after he dangled promises of an immense hotel-development project .

The NYT adds to the list of leaked speech provisions with today 's tips that Clinton will ask for more money for aid to Russia to help contain the threat that Russian nuclear arms might fall into the hands of terrorists , and will endorse a $ 250 tax credit for stay-at-home parents .
the nyt adds to the list of leaked speech provisions with today 's tips that clinton will ask for more money for aid to russia to help contain the threat that russian nuclear arms might fall into the hands of terrorists , and will [approve of] a $ 250 tax credit for stay-at-home parents .

The editorial concludes that any short-of-impeachment resolution requires that Clinton stop demanding that the American people `` endorse his lying . ''
the editorial concludes that any short-of-impeachment resolution requires that clinton stop demanding that the american people `` [approve of] his lying . ''

