Enforce by demand
[carry out] by demand

The attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws .
the attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to [carry out] the blue laws .

It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this .
it was my desire to advise the membership of the legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not [carry out] this .

The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .
the attempt to [carry out] that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .

the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; ;
the blockading force must be powerful enough to [carry out] it ; ;

it does not establish any law ( rights ) for the federal judges to enforce .
it does not establish any law ( rights ) for the federal judges to [carry out] .

How can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none ? ?
how can judges exercise jurisdiction to [carry out] national rights when congress has created none ? ?

With few exceptions , Congress has not given federal courts exclusive authority to enforce rights arising under federal law .
with few exceptions , congress has not given federal courts exclusive authority to [carry out] rights arising under federal law .

If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described .
if a litigant chooses to [carry out] a federal right in a state court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under state law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described .

They say some chief constables are unwilling to enforce the law , in case it provokes a violent reaction from the travellers .
they say some chief constables are unwilling to [carry out] the law , in case it provokes a violent reaction from the travellers .

One peer Lord Stanley wants the Government to demand that the police always enforce the public order act .
one peer lord stanley wants the government to demand that the police always [carry out] the public order act .

We will enforce the law when we hear about it
we will [carry out] the law when we hear about it

The site operators enforce safety controls far tougher than those insisted on by Government .
the site operators [carry out] safety controls far tougher than those insisted on by government .

time that the education was put back to the parents to enforce both
time that the education was put back to the parents to [carry out] both

The warning comes after confusion among some council employees and taxi drivers about Darlington Borough Council 's powers to enforce parking tickets on the land .
the warning comes after confusion among some council employees and taxi drivers about darlington borough council 's powers to [carry out] parking tickets on the land .

Police say they had to enforce the law after 1am when the clocks went forward an hour .
police say they had to [carry out] the law after 1am when the clocks went forward an hour .

Even in hospitals , they find it almost impossible to enforce .
even in hospitals , they find it almost impossible to [carry out] .

The order , if it is not contested , will result in material being removed from the beach , but will not enforce improvements to the sewage system .
the order , if it is not contested , will result in material being removed from the beach , but will not [carry out] improvements to the sewage system .

‘ This is apparently against prison regulations , but little seems to have been done to enforce the rule .
‘ this is apparently against prison regulations , but little seems to have been done to [carry out] the rule .

It will be difficult for him to enforce his writ in the far-flung reaches of the country .
it will be difficult for him to [carry out] his writ in the far-flung reaches of the country .

Opponents of the parking tax argue that it would be too complex to enforce and police .
opponents of the parking tax argue that it would be too complex to [carry out] and police .

The government has already introduced tougher laws on food hygiene and now it hopes the register will help council officers enforce them .
the government has already introduced tougher laws on food hygiene and now it hopes the register will help council officers [carry out] them .

The legislation relies on the common sense and compassion of responsible people , along with the power to enforce it and prosecute offenders .
the legislation relies on the common sense and compassion of responsible people , along with the power to [carry out] it and prosecute offenders .

They would empower a new Press Commission to impose penalties for offences defined by the report , and would back it up with an ombudsman , chosen by the Lord Chancellor , and given statutory authority to enforce fines by court order .
they would empower a new press commission to impose penalties for offences defined by the report , and would back it up with an ombudsman , chosen by the lord chancellor , and given statutory authority to [carry out] fines by court order .

‘ If we were instructed to enforce all the outstanding grants at this moment we would be looking to find £40m , which would mean the council 's entire capital programme would have to be sacrificed . ’
‘ if we were instructed to [carry out] all the outstanding grants at this moment we would be looking to find £40m , which would mean the council 's entire capital programme would have to be sacrificed . ’

Transport planner Andy Hyams told members the introduction of an ‘ access only ’ order to cover the whole area was investigated but it was felt it would be widely abused and difficult to enforce .
transport planner andy hyams told members the introduction of an ‘ access only ’ order to cover the whole area was investigated but it was felt it would be widely abused and difficult to [carry out] .

But prison officers say it would be impossible to enforce .
but prison officers say it would be impossible to [carry out] .

The council can legaly enforce this .
the council can legaly [carry out] this .

And there 's some doubt as to whether the council can make its tenant farmers enforce the ban .
and there 's some doubt as to whether the council can make its tenant farmers [carry out] the ban .

Mr Johnston , who stood on a ‘ Save Our Townlands ’ ticket in the council elections of 1977 , said : ‘ It is one of the few powers which councils have left that they can enforce the format for local addresses .
mr johnston , who stood on a ‘ save our townlands ’ ticket in the council elections of 1977 , said : ‘ it is one of the few powers which councils have left that they can [carry out] the format for local addresses .

When he saw this er Iraqi cargo ship which was moving up er from er the bottom of the Red Sea , and moving towards er Iraq as we believed , er and so arrangements were made to erm enforce the United Nations embargo .
when he saw this er iraqi cargo ship which was moving up er from er the bottom of the red sea , and moving towards er iraq as we believed , er and so arrangements were made to erm [carry out] the united nations embargo .

‘ Legislation is now stronger and we will enforce it in a tough , but fair way . ’
‘ legislation is now stronger and we will [carry out] it in a tough , but fair way . ’

Merseyside Police should enforce the law and , on a second offence , confiscate the bike before many more elderly people suffer injury .
merseyside police should [carry out] the law and , on a second offence , confiscate the bike before many more elderly people suffer injury .

So , if you go on thirty days unfortunately we we 'll enforce that .
so , if you go on thirty days unfortunately we we 'll [carry out] that .

Contact your local Trading Standards Department and they will enforce the Trades Description Act .
contact your local trading standards department and they will [carry out] the trades description act .

Because it was a Peculiar , the priory church had four wardens — one of their duties was to enforce the wearing of woolly hats on Sundays : failure to comply brought a fine of fourpence .
because it was a peculiar , the priory church had four wardens — one of their duties was to [carry out] the wearing of woolly hats on sundays : failure to comply brought a fine of fourpence .

Some landowners on Dartmoor are trying to enforce a booking system and even payment for the use of facilities on their land such as rock outcrops for climbing .
some landowners on dartmoor are trying to [carry out] a booking system and even payment for the use of facilities on their land such as rock outcrops for climbing .

They will enforce an air exclusion zone south of the 32nd parallel from which Saddam 's warplanes will be banned .
they will [carry out] an air exclusion zone south of the 32nd parallel from which saddam 's warplanes will be banned .

One can similarly predict that there are some laws which , if passed , the citizenry would not observe or even the police enforce .
one can similarly predict that there are some laws which , if passed , the citizenry would not observe or even the police [carry out] .

Ollie was simply seeking to put him back in his place and enforce his right to control relations , situations and possessions .
ollie was simply seeking to put him back in his place and [carry out] his right to control relations , situations and possessions .

In the face of government determination to enforce the February 1911 laws more than eight thousand Aube growers marched through the streets of Bar-sur-Aube carrying on their backs paniers de mannequin ( grape harvesting baskets ) full of tax-forms which they ceremoniously set fire to .
in the face of government determination to [carry out] the february 1911 laws more than eight thousand aube growers marched through the streets of bar-sur-aube carrying on their backs paniers de mannequin ( grape harvesting baskets ) full of tax-forms which they ceremoniously set fire to .

It had lasted thirty minutes longer than usual ; Dr Alex Mair took the view , which he could normally enforce by brisk chairmanship , that little original thought was contributed to a discussion after three hours of talking .
it had lasted thirty minutes longer than usual ; dr alex mair took the view , which he could normally [carry out] by brisk chairmanship , that little original thought was contributed to a discussion after three hours of talking .

The older members of staff had moved or retired , and the new headmistress , specifically appointed to enforce the fashionable orthodoxies , had moved in with crusading zeal to smell out and eradicate heresy .
the older members of staff had moved or retired , and the new headmistress , specifically appointed to [carry out] the fashionable orthodoxies , had moved in with crusading zeal to smell out and eradicate heresy .

Given their manpower resources , it is not reasonable to expect the police to be able to enforce rigorously a large-scale , blanket speed limit in residential areas and it is apparent that they do not try to do so .
given their manpower resources , it is not reasonable to expect the police to be able to [carry out] rigorously a large-scale , blanket speed limit in residential areas and it is apparent that they do not try to do so .

We fail to design pedestrian-friendly cars , to enforce slow speeds in housing areas , or to educate drivers in pedestrian safety .
we fail to design pedestrian-friendly cars , to [carry out] slow speeds in housing areas , or to educate drivers in pedestrian safety .

The physical environment would have to be remodelled to enforce the new legal speed limits , so that speeds would be reduced by design as well as sign ( Figure 4.1 ) .
the physical environment would have to be remodelled to [carry out] the new legal speed limits , so that speeds would be reduced by design as well as sign ( figure 4.1 ) .

This is anecdotal evidence to be sure , but given the lack of any measures to enforce the speed limit it was hard to see how any safety gains had been made here at all .
this is anecdotal evidence to be sure , but given the lack of any measures to [carry out] the speed limit it was hard to see how any safety gains had been made here at all .

The ancient streets could perhaps have been left to enforce their own low driving speeds through their narrowness , their cobbled surfaces and their lack of visibility over anything more than a few metres .
the ancient streets could perhaps have been left to [carry out] their own low driving speeds through their narrowness , their cobbled surfaces and their lack of visibility over anything more than a few metres .

All these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the regulations .
all these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to [carry out] the regulations .

Laud too was the King 's evil genius in persuading him to try to enforce the use in Scotland of a prayer book similar to that of the Church of England .
laud too was the king 's evil genius in persuading him to try to [carry out] the use in scotland of a prayer book similar to that of the church of england .

All institutions shall maintain a second shift of substitute teachers in the schools to enforce educational excellence .
all institutions shall maintain a second shift of substitute teachers in the schools to [carry out] educational excellence .

You do n't need to stand with your legs apart and fists clenched to enforce your safety zone ; a well-balanced inoffensive stance is much more useful .
you do n't need to stand with your legs apart and fists clenched to [carry out] your safety zone ; a well-balanced inoffensive stance is much more useful .

The under sheriff then issues a warrant for one of his bailiffs or officers to enforce the judgment by seizure of sufficient goods of the defendant to cover the judgment debt and costs , any accrued interest ( from date of judgment to date of payment ) , the sheriff 's charges , the fee on a writ of fi .
the under sheriff then issues a warrant for one of his bailiffs or officers to [carry out] the judgment by seizure of sufficient goods of the defendant to cover the judgment debt and costs , any accrued interest ( from date of judgment to date of payment ) , the sheriff 's charges , the fee on a writ of fi .

That is because a winding-up petition is not a legitimate means of seeking to enforce payment of a debt which is bona fide disputed .
that is because a winding-up petition is not a legitimate means of seeking to [carry out] payment of a debt which is bona fide disputed .

You can t falsely represent yourself to him as being authorised in some official capacity to enforce payment of the debt .
you can t falsely represent yourself to him as being authorised in some official capacity to [carry out] payment of the debt .

Now tell me there 's no real point in paying for a tape back-up system to enforce some security on your key network machines .
now tell me there 's no real point in paying for a tape back-up system to [carry out] some security on your key network machines .

The moral and industrial training of the children was the most important of all the important duties , and the schoolmaster was deficient in his ability to enforce obedience .
the moral and industrial training of the children was the most important of all the important duties , and the schoolmaster was deficient in his ability to [carry out] obedience .

To put this more concretely : scientists try to enforce a set of rules which place strict limits on the entry of the outside world into their realm .
to put this more concretely : scientists try to [carry out] a set of rules which place strict limits on the entry of the outside world into their realm .

The will to enforce its diktat is present .
the will to [carry out] its diktat is present .

Through regular meetings , they institute the practice of ‘ criticism and self-criticism ’ and enforce Party discipline , irrespective of military rank .
through regular meetings , they institute the practice of ‘ criticism and self-criticism ’ and [carry out] party discipline , irrespective of military rank .

The constraint is specified that the citing and cited objects must be members of the set text : therefore , the identifiers of the text units must conform to the structure of text.id and the text units must be instances of the class text to enforce referential integrity .
the constraint is specified that the citing and cited objects must be members of the set text : therefore , the identifiers of the text units must conform to the structure of text.id and the text units must be instances of the class text to [carry out] referential integrity .

Barrier staff from more than 600 Network SouthEast stations are to be retrained as ticket inspectors , to enforce new £10 on-the-spot fines .
barrier staff from more than 600 network southeast stations are to be retrained as ticket inspectors , to [carry out] new £10 on-the-spot fines .

The Home Office were not prepared to enforce such a departure , however , until the appropriate word had been received from their colleagues in the Foreign affairs department .
the home office were not prepared to [carry out] such a departure , however , until the appropriate word had been received from their colleagues in the foreign affairs department .

There are plans to give everyone affordable health insurance , allow leave from work for anyone with a sick child or elderly relative to look after , and enforce a seven-day wait for anyone wanting to buy a handgun .
there are plans to give everyone affordable health insurance , allow leave from work for anyone with a sick child or elderly relative to look after , and [carry out] a seven-day wait for anyone wanting to buy a handgun .

For two years the League of Nations Society led a modest existence , discussing ideas , publishing proposals and keeping in touch with like-minded organizations in France , Holland and , significantly , the United States , where a League to Enforce peace had been established in 1915 .
for two years the league of nations society led a modest existence , discussing ideas , publishing proposals and keeping in touch with like-minded organizations in france , holland and , significantly , the united states , where a league to [carry out] peace had been established in 1915 .

The people , said Russell , desired peace : but only the Americans could enforce it .
the people , said russell , desired peace : but only the americans could [carry out] it .

In the 1940s , Communists ( though not Strachey who , by then , was switching his allegiance to the other superpower ) , looked to the Red Army to enforce the peace with the same uncritical admiration as nineteenth-century ‘ imperialist pacifists ’ had looked to the power or the British Navy .
in the 1940s , communists ( though not strachey who , by then , was switching his allegiance to the other superpower ) , looked to the red army to [carry out] the peace with the same uncritical admiration as nineteenth-century ‘ imperialist pacifists ’ had looked to the power or the british navy .

Today most planning authorities enforce fairly strict guidelines .
today most planning authorities [carry out] fairly strict guidelines .

Carling believes : ‘ It is wrong for people who no longer play to enforce changes on those who do .
carling believes : ‘ it is wrong for people who no longer play to [carry out] changes on those who do .

The only answer to this is to develop a comprehensive programme of accounting standards and to enforce them vigorously .
the only answer to this is to develop a comprehensive programme of accounting standards and to [carry out] them vigorously .

When the assessments became final , they could not lose their character as alternative assessments and the Crown had to elect to enforce one .
when the assessments became final , they could not lose their character as alternative assessments and the crown had to elect to [carry out] one .

At the other end , a court refused to enforce a six-month restraint against a Mayfair hairdresser , extending for a radius of half a mile .
at the other end , a court refused to [carry out] a six-month restraint against a mayfair hairdresser , extending for a radius of half a mile .

This assumes that we know what we want to enforce .
this assumes that we know what we want to [carry out] .

The European Commission has now decided to draft a proposal dealing specifically with heavy vehicle drivers to enforce harmonisation of working conditions and in particular to ensure a consistent definition of ‘ working time ’ as well as driving time .
the european commission has now decided to draft a proposal dealing specifically with heavy vehicle drivers to [carry out] harmonisation of working conditions and in particular to ensure a consistent definition of ‘ working time ’ as well as driving time .

The organization is free to use any available social mechanisms to enforce compliance and ensure its own stability .
the organization is free to use any available social mechanisms to [carry out] compliance and ensure its own stability .

It was British policy to enforce Roman-Dutch law , as amended by British proclamations .
it was british policy to [carry out] roman-dutch law , as amended by british proclamations .

Throughout the late nineteenth century spasmodic efforts were made in individual districts to enforce some of these regulations .
throughout the late nineteenth century spasmodic efforts were made in individual districts to [carry out] some of these regulations .

Cattle transport routes were taken into account when the authorities decided where to open police stations , and efforts were made to enforce branding and voucher regulations .
cattle transport routes were taken into account when the authorities decided where to open police stations , and efforts were made to [carry out] branding and voucher regulations .

Last night America threatened to use Cruise missiles against Serbia to enforce the air exclusion zone over Bosnia .
last night america threatened to use cruise missiles against serbia to [carry out] the air exclusion zone over bosnia .

Mr Major added : ‘ It is necessary to enforce the no-fly zone but there is more than one way of doing that .
mr major added : ‘ it is necessary to [carry out] the no-fly zone but there is more than one way of doing that .

In due course the bank sought to enforce its security .
in due course the bank sought to [carry out] its security .

Mr Bush ordered 28,000 troops into Somalia two weeks ago to enforce aide distribution .
mr bush ordered 28,000 troops into somalia two weeks ago to [carry out] aide distribution .

Mr Hurd , meanwhile , said that a way must be found to enforce the no-fly zone in Bosnia without endangering the humanitarian effort .
mr hurd , meanwhile , said that a way must be found to [carry out] the no-fly zone in bosnia without endangering the humanitarian effort .

But he admitted : ‘ We have never ruled out a possible need to enforce the zone . ’
but he admitted : ‘ we have never ruled out a possible need to [carry out] the zone . ’

Opponents of Sunday trading will be upset by the scheme , which comes on top of the Government 's refusal yesterday to enforce the Sunday shopping law in general .
opponents of sunday trading will be upset by the scheme , which comes on top of the government 's refusal yesterday to [carry out] the sunday shopping law in general .

John Patten , scourge of the teachers , has a plan but so far lacks the populism to enforce and sell it .
john patten , scourge of the teachers , has a plan but so far lacks the populism to [carry out] and sell it .

Perhaps the most crucial point of these arguments from the point of view of positivist criminologists , however , was that these very human processes that define and enforce crimes produce the criminals and data on which positivists had built their theories .
perhaps the most crucial point of these arguments from the point of view of positivist criminologists , however , was that these very human processes that define and [carry out] crimes produce the criminals and data on which positivists had built their theories .

More surprising than any of the above is that not only outside directors but also chief executives strongly supported rewriting company law to enforce some of the Cadbury recommendations .
more surprising than any of the above is that not only outside directors but also chief executives strongly supported rewriting company law to [carry out] some of the cadbury recommendations .

Yet under the Act the Central Authority had clear responsibility for coordination and financial policy , and to enforce its powers it had , in the last resort , powers of direction , though only the Minister had powers of dismissal .
yet under the act the central authority had clear responsibility for coordination and financial policy , and to [carry out] its powers it had , in the last resort , powers of direction , though only the minister had powers of dismissal .

All consumers were urged to ‘ switch off at the peak ’ and in periods of severe difficulties moral suasion was backed up by statutory controls , though for small consumers these were practically impossible to enforce , so that voluntary restriction remained the more important .
all consumers were urged to ‘ switch off at the peak ’ and in periods of severe difficulties moral suasion was backed up by statutory controls , though for small consumers these were practically impossible to [carry out] , so that voluntary restriction remained the more important .

Send ground troops to enforce — not just oversee — a peace ?
send ground troops to [carry out] — not just oversee — a peace ?

If developed countries do not want their rubbish to end up in the third world , they must help developing countries to build better treatment facilities and enforce higher standards .
if developed countries do not want their rubbish to end up in the third world , they must help developing countries to build better treatment facilities and [carry out] higher standards .

If society has the right to pass judgement , has it also the right to use the weapon of the law to enforce it ?
if society has the right to pass judgement , has it also the right to use the weapon of the law to [carry out] it ?

’ If then , as Devlin contends , all societies have a moral structure , on what basis should society use the weapon of the law to enforce its moral rules ?
’ if then , as devlin contends , all societies have a moral structure , on what basis should society use the weapon of the law to [carry out] its moral rules ?

It is therefore not possible to set a theoretical limit to society 's power to use law to enforce moral rules , i.e .
it is therefore not possible to set a theoretical limit to society 's power to use law to [carry out] moral rules , i.e .

In so doing , Hart argues , it is not necessary to abandon the position that resists the use of the criminal law to enforce morality .
in so doing , hart argues , it is not necessary to abandon the position that resists the use of the criminal law to [carry out] morality .

It is too often assumed that if a law is not designed to protect one man from another its only rationale can be that it is designed to punish moral wickedness , or in Lord Devlin 's words ‘ to enforce a moral principle ’ .
it is too often assumed that if a law is not designed to protect one man from another its only rationale can be that it is designed to punish moral wickedness , or in lord devlin 's words ‘ to [carry out] a moral principle ’ .

But such appeals run into the one constant of American policy : Mr Clinton 's determination not to put American ground troops in Bosnia unless to enforce a peace treaty .
but such appeals run into the one constant of american policy : mr clinton 's determination not to put american ground troops in bosnia unless to [carry out] a peace treaty .

To a very limited extent , this is correct : the papal legislation , and above all the determination to enforce it , became a permanent part of papal policy during these years .
to a very limited extent , this is correct : the papal legislation , and above all the determination to [carry out] it , became a permanent part of papal policy during these years .

To the bishops of Dublin and Waterford ( and later of Limerick ) , Anselm wrote as a superior who could , when circumstances required , enforce his authority with discipline .
to the bishops of dublin and waterford ( and later of limerick ) , anselm wrote as a superior who could , when circumstances required , [carry out] his authority with discipline .

All these considerations persuaded my Group to follow Kingman , and to argue forcibly , in a passage we underlined , that although children should speak Standard English , we ‘ do not , however , see it as the school 's place to enforce the accent known as Received Pronunciation , .
all these considerations persuaded my group to follow kingman , and to argue forcibly , in a passage we underlined , that although children should speak standard english , we ‘ do not , however , see it as the school 's place to [carry out] the accent known as received pronunciation , .

From the eighteenth century , borrowers also gained growing legal protection over ways in which lenders could enforce payment ( especially with the starting of county courts in 1846 and the Debtors Act 1869 ) ; and over the conditions and paperwork for loans ( especially with the Pawnbrokers Acts of 1800 and 1872 , and the 1882 Bills of Sale Act , and perhaps above all the Money-Lenders Act 1900 ) .
from the eighteenth century , borrowers also gained growing legal protection over ways in which lenders could [carry out] payment ( especially with the starting of county courts in 1846 and the debtors act 1869 ) ; and over the conditions and paperwork for loans ( especially with the pawnbrokers acts of 1800 and 1872 , and the 1882 bills of sale act , and perhaps above all the money-lenders act 1900 ) .

In this case , we feel that the regulation would be difficult to enforce , because of the relatively intimate circumstances in which such transactions are made : successful enforcement would depend a lot on alerting users of this type of credit to the disadvantages of following-on and the ways in which regulation could help .
in this case , we feel that the regulation would be difficult to [carry out] , because of the relatively intimate circumstances in which such transactions are made : successful enforcement would depend a lot on alerting users of this type of credit to the disadvantages of following-on and the ways in which regulation could help .

But we recognise that any regulation requiring this would be very difficult to enforce .
but we recognise that any regulation requiring this would be very difficult to [carry out] .

One of the judges , Lord Chief Justice Lawton , then inquired whether this meant that the Attorney General was entitled to consider the political trouble which would be caused by a decision to enforce a particular law .
one of the judges , lord chief justice lawton , then inquired whether this meant that the attorney general was entitled to consider the political trouble which would be caused by a decision to [carry out] a particular law .

Silkin explained in a press interview that he had refused to enforce the law against the postal workers ' trade union because he feared that the action would precipitate a postal strike .
silkin explained in a press interview that he had refused to [carry out] the law against the postal workers ' trade union because he feared that the action would precipitate a postal strike .

3.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event of any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonably require to enforce its rights in the Territory . The Publisher shall be under no obligation to initiate legal proceedings
3.3 the distributor hereby undertakes that in the event of any infringement of the trade mark it will offer all such assistance as the publisher may reasonably require to [carry out] its rights in the territory . the publisher shall be under no obligation to initiate legal proceedings

6.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition
6.2 the failure of either party to [carry out] any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition

4.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonable require to enforce its rights in the Territory .
4.3 the distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the trade mark it will offer all such assistance as the publisher may reasonable require to [carry out] its rights in the territory .

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to [carry out] any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .

4.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonable require to enforce its rights in the Territory .
4.3 the distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the trade mark it will offer all such assistance as the publisher may reasonable require to [carry out] its rights in the territory .

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to [carry out] any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .

4.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonable require to enforce its rights in the Territory .
4.3 the distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the trade mark it will offer all such assistance as the publisher may reasonable require to [carry out] its rights in the territory .

7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .
7.2 the failure of either party to [carry out] any of the terms or conditions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition .

Political realists insist also that power is an inherently unequal relationship , comprising an attempt by one person or group to secure compliance from or enforce dependence upon another person or group ( Lukes , 1974 ) .
political realists insist also that power is an inherently unequal relationship , comprising an attempt by one person or group to secure compliance from or [carry out] dependence upon another person or group ( lukes , 1974 ) .

At a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .
at a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to [carry out] and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .

The failure to enforce laws is explained not by organizational complexity but by the ability of an external business and social elite to control the means of implementation .
the failure to [carry out] laws is explained not by organizational complexity but by the ability of an external business and social elite to control the means of implementation .

Marxists try to answer another question : how have the dominant classes or fractions in capitalist societies managed to enforce sufficient control to restrict class consciousness to ‘ safe ’ levels ?
marxists try to answer another question : how have the dominant classes or fractions in capitalist societies managed to [carry out] sufficient control to restrict class consciousness to ‘ safe ’ levels ?

Palmer views these types of key policies for central government , which it is willing to enforce strongly , as ‘ strategic highs ’ .
palmer views these types of key policies for central government , which it is willing to [carry out] strongly , as ‘ strategic highs ’ .

Legislation had been tried before , from the late fourteenth century onwards , but more effort was made to enforce the 1651 Act than had been done in the past .
legislation had been tried before , from the late fourteenth century onwards , but more effort was made to [carry out] the 1651 act than had been done in the past .

Nobody suggested that the Parliament at Westminster did not have the authority to pass such legislation , perhaps out of a feeling that Britain was paying enough for the defence of America to be entitled to impose a unified industrial policy , possibly more out of a feeling that it would be hard to enforce .
nobody suggested that the parliament at westminster did not have the authority to pass such legislation , perhaps out of a feeling that britain was paying enough for the defence of america to be entitled to impose a unified industrial policy , possibly more out of a feeling that it would be hard to [carry out] .

In July and August 1992 , scores of villagers were reportedly killed in the al-'Amara marshes by government troops attempting to enforce an evacuation order .
in july and august 1992 , scores of villagers were reportedly killed in the al-'amara marshes by government troops attempting to [carry out] an evacuation order .

There is no law against theft or murder in Kismayo and no-one with the ability to enforce it , if it existed , anyway .
there is no law against theft or murder in kismayo and no-one with the ability to [carry out] it , if it existed , anyway .

No one has the authority to enforce a settlement , but through extended discussion and diffuse moral pressure , divorces are normally settled without undue disruption .
no one has the authority to [carry out] a settlement , but through extended discussion and diffuse moral pressure , divorces are normally settled without undue disruption .

It was the incident of the heat sink which made Yeremi pray that he should no longer stay in his place , but might somehow enforce … a different sort of order , however paltry his contribution might turn out to be .
it was the incident of the heat sink which made yeremi pray that he should no longer stay in his place , but might somehow [carry out] … a different sort of order , however paltry his contribution might turn out to be .

Where restrictive covenants and rights of way appear to have lapsed and extensive investigations fail to locate any individual able to enforce or enjoy the benefit from such rights , it is possible to take out indemnity insurance against the remote possibility that anyone emerges with the legal right to enforce the covenant or right of way .
where restrictive covenants and rights of way appear to have lapsed and extensive investigations fail to locate any individual able to [carry out] or enjoy the benefit from such rights , it is possible to take out indemnity insurance against the remote possibility that anyone emerges with the legal right to [carry out] the covenant or right of way .

It is always possible ( for some set of discount rates ) to find a critical price level that will fully enforce adherence to the agreement — no one cheats .
it is always possible ( for some set of discount rates ) to find a critical price level that will fully [carry out] adherence to the agreement — no one cheats .

The interesting , though not necessarily plausible , feature of this result is that firms know that when the price falls below the critical level this is due to a random shock , because they know it pays no one to cheat , but nevertheless they must still go into the punishment phase to enforce the collusive agreement .
the interesting , though not necessarily plausible , feature of this result is that firms know that when the price falls below the critical level this is due to a random shock , because they know it pays no one to cheat , but nevertheless they must still go into the punishment phase to [carry out] the collusive agreement .

The collusion is ‘ implicit ’ ( or ‘ tacit ’ ) in that the firms would not need to enter into binding contracts to enforce their co-operation ( p. 280 )
the collusion is ‘ implicit ’ ( or ‘ tacit ’ ) in that the firms would not need to enter into binding contracts to [carry out] their co-operation ( p. 280 )

In office each party wants to enforce its views irrespective of local opinion ; in opposition , it is convenient to uphold the right of local councils to make their own decisions .
in office each party wants to [carry out] its views irrespective of local opinion ; in opposition , it is convenient to uphold the right of local councils to make their own decisions .

Clearly no government can legislate for such a wide array of circumstances , let alone attempt to enforce such legislation .
clearly no government can legislate for such a wide array of circumstances , let alone attempt to [carry out] such legislation .

The distinction between public rights , which the Attorney can and the individual ( absent special interest ) can not , seek to enforce , and private rights is fundamental in our law .
the distinction between public rights , which the attorney can and the individual ( absent special interest ) can not , seek to [carry out] , and private rights is fundamental in our law .

It follows that society is entitled to insist , for example , that companies are equipped with governance structures adequate to enforce a commitment to profits on the part of management and to promote the efficient operation of the business .
it follows that society is entitled to insist , for example , that companies are equipped with governance structures adequate to [carry out] a commitment to profits on the part of management and to promote the efficient operation of the business .

The members ' status as residual claimants suggests that they have in fact the same interest in profit maximisation as we have postulated for society as a whole , and the incentive to enforce profit maximisation in both their own and the social interest .
the members ' status as residual claimants suggests that they have in fact the same interest in profit maximisation as we have postulated for society as a whole , and the incentive to [carry out] profit maximisation in both their own and the social interest .

This raises the possibility of an employee with a shareholding being allowed to enforce the section 309 duty derivatively .
this raises the possibility of an employee with a shareholding being allowed to [carry out] the section 309 duty derivatively .

Why do courts apply the law as declared in statutes and enforce their provisions ?
why do courts apply the law as declared in statutes and [carry out] their provisions ?

Its existence may be conceded to be a matter of political fact , but its normative content is a matter of law : the courts are required to enforce the terms of the most recent statement of Parliament 's will , expressed in the usual form …
its existence may be conceded to be a matter of political fact , but its normative content is a matter of law : the courts are required to [carry out] the terms of the most recent statement of parliament 's will , expressed in the usual form …

Their leader , Tran Van Giau , used extreme methods to enforce compliance from the people which probably went beyond the policy of Ho .
their leader , tran van giau , used extreme methods to [carry out] compliance from the people which probably went beyond the policy of ho .

Section 5 of the Business Names Act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .
section 5 of the business names act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to [carry out] a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .

It is clearly a most effective sanction , if proprietors are aware that failure to comply with the requirements under s. 5 may render them unable to enforce what would otherwise normally be enforceable contracts .
it is clearly a most effective sanction , if proprietors are aware that failure to comply with the requirements under s. 5 may render them unable to [carry out] what would otherwise normally be enforceable contracts .

Riche brought an action against the company seeking to enforce the contract .
riche brought an action against the company seeking to [carry out] the contract .

Riche could not enforce the contract since the objects clause did not provide for the construction and running of railway systems , only for the manufacture of railway equipment .
riche could not [carry out] the contract since the objects clause did not provide for the construction and running of railway systems , only for the manufacture of railway equipment .

no steps may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property , or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement ( defined widely and including conditional sale agreements , chattel leasing and retention of title agreements ) , except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose ;
no steps may be taken to [carry out] any security over the company 's property , or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement ( defined widely and including conditional sale agreements , chattel leasing and retention of title agreements ) , except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose ;

no other step may be taken to enforce any security over the company 's property or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement , except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court may impose ;
no other step may be taken to [carry out] any security over the company 's property or to repossess goods in the company 's possession under any hire purchase agreement , except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court may impose ;

In the example , clearly the covenant is framed in negative terms ; however , is it for Lord Wellworthy 's personal benefit ( i.e. business interests ) ? Could it be said that it benefits the land ( i.e. it seeks to keep the residential character of the area ) ? Lord Wellworthy can enforce the covenant only whilst he retains the legal estate in the Stately Mansion Hotel .
in the example , clearly the covenant is framed in negative terms ; however , is it for lord wellworthy 's personal benefit ( i.e. business interests ) ? could it be said that it benefits the land ( i.e. it seeks to keep the residential character of the area ) ? lord wellworthy can [carry out] the covenant only whilst he retains the legal estate in the stately mansion hotel .

Yet what Environment and Enforcement shows is the essential similarity in the behaviour of those who enforce legal rules .
yet what environment and enforcement shows is the essential similarity in the behaviour of those who [carry out] legal rules .

Specially created to control a particular segment of economic activity , regulatory agencies in general enjoy broad powers to set and enforce standards of conduct .
specially created to control a particular segment of economic activity , regulatory agencies in general enjoy broad powers to set and [carry out] standards of conduct .

Not only , then , do the agencies possess power to enforce the law , they actually determine the reach of the law , for ( in contrast with the police ) they exercise a real legislative authority , enjoying broad discretion to define what makes ‘ pollution ’ .
not only , then , do the agencies possess power to [carry out] the law , they actually determine the reach of the law , for ( in contrast with the police ) they exercise a real legislative authority , enjoying broad discretion to define what makes ‘ pollution ’ .

The power to define and enforce consents is ultimately a power to put people out of business , to deter the introduction of new industry or to drive away going concerns .
the power to define and [carry out] consents is ultimately a power to put people out of business , to deter the introduction of new industry or to drive away going concerns .

But both Woodruffe and Hodson denied strongly that the Association was in any sense a secret society , that it sought to discipline members in breach of rules , to dictate terms to shipowners or to enforce a closed shop .
but both woodruffe and hodson denied strongly that the association was in any sense a secret society , that it sought to discipline members in breach of rules , to dictate terms to shipowners or to [carry out] a closed shop .

Up to now this demarcation of activities has only come about by delegation , no control system could enforce these roles .
up to now this demarcation of activities has only come about by delegation , no control system could [carry out] these roles .

Imagine a football match without a referee to interpret and enforce the rules .
imagine a football match without a referee to interpret and [carry out] the rules .

On the morning of 22 May , `` therefore , 5 Corps divisional commanders had been authorised to use force to enforce the hand-overs of the Cossacks ( and that arrangements with the Russians would be confirmed at a meeting at Wolfsburg on 23 May ) .
on the morning of 22 may , `` therefore , 5 corps divisional commanders had been authorised to use force to [carry out] the hand-overs of the cossacks ( and that arrangements with the russians would be confirmed at a meeting at wolfsburg on 23 may ) .

One of the means used to enforce this was the imposition of an oath ( shen ) by which the shamanist natives invoked the wrath of the spirits upon themselves if they broke their undertaking to the Russians .
one of the means used to [carry out] this was the imposition of an oath ( shen ) by which the shamanist natives invoked the wrath of the spirits upon themselves if they broke their undertaking to the russians .

Usually the threat of negative sanctions is sufficient to enforce normative behaviour .
usually the threat of negative sanctions is sufficient to [carry out] normative behaviour .

The sanctions which enforce norms are a major part of the mechanisms of social control which are concerned with maintaining order in society .
the sanctions which [carry out] norms are a major part of the mechanisms of social control which are concerned with maintaining order in society .

New powers to purchase and to enforce improvements were given and grants of up to 75 per cent ( 90 per cent in hardship cases ) became available .
new powers to purchase and to [carry out] improvements were given and grants of up to 75 per cent ( 90 per cent in hardship cases ) became available .

In a word , governments have made themselves unpopular with their manifold ‘ failures ’ , those failures are traceable to their basic failure to restructure the social relations of British capitalism , and yet there has been no social force with the ‘ will ’ and capacity to enforce any radical restructuring against the opposition which any such move must encounter .
in a word , governments have made themselves unpopular with their manifold ‘ failures ’ , those failures are traceable to their basic failure to restructure the social relations of british capitalism , and yet there has been no social force with the ‘ will ’ and capacity to [carry out] any radical restructuring against the opposition which any such move must encounter .

Though later liberals were to divide on the issues of the election or selection of local government officials ( with radicals in favour of popular election and conservatives for appointment of mayors and councils by the ministry ) , all liberals , in spite of lip-service to the ideal of the medieval municipality , accepted two propositions : that the Cortes , as ‘ sole representative of the sovereign nation ’ , must enforce a uniform and centralized system and that , within this system , the municipalities were ‘ subaltern corporations ’ .
though later liberals were to divide on the issues of the election or selection of local government officials ( with radicals in favour of popular election and conservatives for appointment of mayors and councils by the ministry ) , all liberals , in spite of lip-service to the ideal of the medieval municipality , accepted two propositions : that the cortes , as ‘ sole representative of the sovereign nation ’ , must [carry out] a uniform and centralized system and that , within this system , the municipalities were ‘ subaltern corporations ’ .

The Church claimed that lip service to catholic unity , which liberalism still professed , meant nothing without the instruments to enforce it : that the contemplative life of the regular clergy was essential to a catholic country ; that liberalism and catholicism were incompatible , in spite of liberal assertions to the contrary .
the church claimed that lip service to catholic unity , which liberalism still professed , meant nothing without the instruments to [carry out] it : that the contemplative life of the regular clergy was essential to a catholic country ; that liberalism and catholicism were incompatible , in spite of liberal assertions to the contrary .

The applicant sought judicial review of the Director 's decision to seek to enforce compliance with the requirements of the notice .
the applicant sought judicial review of the director 's decision to seek to [carry out] compliance with the requirements of the notice .

The government was bitterly denounced for the emergency measures it was taking to enforce order .
the government was bitterly denounced for the emergency measures it was taking to [carry out] order .

In practice many poor law unions did not strictly enforce the workhouse test , and as the years passed the elderly and the sick were increasingly given outdoor relief .
in practice many poor law unions did not strictly [carry out] the workhouse test , and as the years passed the elderly and the sick were increasingly given outdoor relief .

The essential weakness of the guardianship provisions under the 1983 act ( sections 7 and 8 ) is that the guardian has the power to enforce attendance for treatment but not treatment itself .
the essential weakness of the guardianship provisions under the 1983 act ( sections 7 and 8 ) is that the guardian has the power to [carry out] attendance for treatment but not treatment itself .

There are two main elements to the new system — the use of a formula to determine payments and the establishment of a Child Support Agency to set , collect and enforce payments .
there are two main elements to the new system — the use of a formula to determine payments and the establishment of a child support agency to set , collect and [carry out] payments .

The Agency will have powers to trace absent parents through Inland Revenue records and to enforce payments through measures such as attachments of earnings .
the agency will have powers to trace absent parents through inland revenue records and to [carry out] payments through measures such as attachments of earnings .

But it is unlikely the court will be able to enforce any contact order .
but it is unlikely the court will be able to [carry out] any contact order .

The only options open to the courts to enforce compliance with a contact order is a fine or imprisonment .
the only options open to the courts to [carry out] compliance with a contact order is a fine or imprisonment .

Instead a cosmetic ‘ Declaration on Liberated Europe ’ was issued at Yalta , restating the Atlantic Charter principles of independence and sovereignty , but with no means to enforce these high-sounding ideals .
instead a cosmetic ‘ declaration on liberated europe ’ was issued at yalta , restating the atlantic charter principles of independence and sovereignty , but with no means to [carry out] these high-sounding ideals .

Difficulty arose when Pecham in attempting to enforce reforming measures required sheriffs and others to act against the king 's own servants and clerks , but it should be remembered that , overwhelmingly , cooperation characterized this procedure in Edward 's reign .
difficulty arose when pecham in attempting to [carry out] reforming measures required sheriffs and others to act against the king 's own servants and clerks , but it should be remembered that , overwhelmingly , cooperation characterized this procedure in edward 's reign .

He had acquired in effect a veto over all grants or sales of land to the church , but it was against his political and financial interests to enforce this ban .
he had acquired in effect a veto over all grants or sales of land to the church , but it was against his political and financial interests to [carry out] this ban .

No king would welcome the tensions and conflict with his clergy on the level and scale of 1297 , least of all when relations with the laity were also strained and external tension threatened ; yet precisely in those circumstances Edward had demonstrated the power of the crown to enforce its will .
no king would welcome the tensions and conflict with his clergy on the level and scale of 1297 , least of all when relations with the laity were also strained and external tension threatened ; yet precisely in those circumstances edward had demonstrated the power of the crown to [carry out] its will .

In the old days , Defries had read , when humankind was still stuck in one planetary system , when the Martians and the Cybermen came back , the soldiers were genetically manipulated to follow their leaders and implanted with intelligent chips that could be used to enforce military discipline .
in the old days , defries had read , when humankind was still stuck in one planetary system , when the martians and the cybermen came back , the soldiers were genetically manipulated to follow their leaders and implanted with intelligent chips that could be used to [carry out] military discipline .

( 3 ) In this Act references to the rules of a self-regulating organisation are references to the rules ( whether or not laid down by the organisation itself ) which the organisation has power to enforce in relation to the carrying on of the business in question or which relate to the admission and expulsion of members of the organisation or otherwise to its constitution .
( 3 ) in this act references to the rules of a self-regulating organisation are references to the rules ( whether or not laid down by the organisation itself ) which the organisation has power to [carry out] in relation to the carrying on of the business in question or which relate to the admission and expulsion of members of the organisation or otherwise to its constitution .

‘ ( 1 ) Where any premises have been let as a dwelling under a tenancy which is not a statutorily protected tenancy and — ( a ) the tenancy ( in this section referred to as the former tenancy ) has come to an end , but ( b ) the occupier continues to reside in the premises or part of them , it shall not be lawful for the owner to enforce against the occupier , otherwise than by proceedings in the court , his right to recover possession of the premises .
‘ ( 1 ) where any premises have been let as a dwelling under a tenancy which is not a statutorily protected tenancy and — ( a ) the tenancy ( in this section referred to as the former tenancy ) has come to an end , but ( b ) the occupier continues to reside in the premises or part of them , it shall not be lawful for the owner to [carry out] against the occupier , otherwise than by proceedings in the court , his right to recover possession of the premises .

… It has been held that even if a court , having full discretion in the matter of the costs of any proceeding , deals in its order with such costs , a party can still enforce an antecedent agreement in relation thereto inconsistent with the court 's order : Mansfield v. Robinson .
… it has been held that even if a court , having full discretion in the matter of the costs of any proceeding , deals in its order with such costs , a party can still [carry out] an antecedent agreement in relation thereto inconsistent with the court 's order : mansfield v. robinson .

When the company 's overdraft exceeded £154,000 the bank sought to enforce the mortgage and obtained a registrar 's order for possession .
when the company 's overdraft exceeded £154,000 the bank sought to [carry out] the mortgage and obtained a registrar 's order for possession .

But to describe the issue as one which depends on whether or not the bank must be taken to have appointed the husband as its agent to deal with the wife and to procure her consent serves , in my opinion , to mask the basis upon which in certain cases creditors have failed to enforce their security against the third parties and upon which in other cases they have succeeded .
but to describe the issue as one which depends on whether or not the bank must be taken to have appointed the husband as its agent to deal with the wife and to procure her consent serves , in my opinion , to mask the basis upon which in certain cases creditors have failed to [carry out] their security against the third parties and upon which in other cases they have succeeded .

‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .
‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not [carry out] the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .

‘ was not aware of the nature of the document which she signed , then the bank would be unable to enforce the charge against her , irrespective of agency , unless … the bank manager took adequate steps to explain the document .
‘ was not aware of the nature of the document which she signed , then the bank would be unable to [carry out] the charge against her , irrespective of agency , unless … the bank manager took adequate steps to explain the document .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … What notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not [carry out] the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … what notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not [carry out] the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .

The writ of habeas corpus deals with the machinery of justice , and is essentially a procedural writ , the object of which is to enforce a legal right .
the writ of habeas corpus deals with the machinery of justice , and is essentially a procedural writ , the object of which is to [carry out] a legal right .

This is something no ordinary parent could even begin to enforce and no judicial parent stands in a better position than a natural parent .
this is something no ordinary parent could even begin to [carry out] and no judicial parent stands in a better position than a natural parent .

The court is not , or certainly should not be , in the habit of making orders unless it is prepared to enforce them .
the court is not , or certainly should not be , in the habit of making orders unless it is prepared to [carry out] them .

He argued that as soon as the council acknowledged their duty to secure accommodation for the plaintiff which they did by writing their letter of 8 March 1991 , the plaintiff acquired a private law right to the provision of suitable accommodation , which right he could enforce in the county court .
he argued that as soon as the council acknowledged their duty to secure accommodation for the plaintiff which they did by writing their letter of 8 march 1991 , the plaintiff acquired a private law right to the provision of suitable accommodation , which right he could [carry out] in the county court .

Where an officer of government in the exercise of his office obtains payment of moneys as and for a charge which the law enables him to demand and enforce , such moneys may be recovered back from him if it should afterwards turn out that they were not legally payable even though no protest was made or question raised at the time of payment .
where an officer of government in the exercise of his office obtains payment of moneys as and for a charge which the law enables him to demand and [carry out] , such moneys may be recovered back from him if it should afterwards turn out that they were not legally payable even though no protest was made or question raised at the time of payment .

‘ 11(1) Any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’
‘ 11(1) any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this part of this act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to [carry out] any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’

‘ It shall be the duty of every local authority to enforce within their district the provisions of this Act and of the orders made under those provisions , and for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions and such orders as aforesaid as may be necessary to secure observance thereof .
‘ it shall be the duty of every local authority to [carry out] within their district the provisions of this act and of the orders made under those provisions , and for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions and such orders as aforesaid as may be necessary to secure observance thereof .

It was decided , first , that in actions brought by the Crown to enforce or protect its proprietary or contractual rights , it should be in no different position from the ordinary citizen and so should be required to give an undertaking in the usual way .
it was decided , first , that in actions brought by the crown to [carry out] or protect its proprietary or contractual rights , it should be in no different position from the ordinary citizen and so should be required to give an undertaking in the usual way .

‘ So even before the passing of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 the fact that the suit was brought to enforce jus publicum was not of itself sufficient to displace the ordinary rule that a defendant was entitled to the usual undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of any interlocutory injunction against him , though the undertaking was exacted from the relator and not from the Crown on whose behalf the Attorney-General was the nominal plaintiff in the suit .
‘ so even before the passing of the crown proceedings act 1947 the fact that the suit was brought to [carry out] jus publicum was not of itself sufficient to displace the ordinary rule that a defendant was entitled to the usual undertaking in damages as a condition of the grant of any interlocutory injunction against him , though the undertaking was exacted from the relator and not from the crown on whose behalf the attorney-general was the nominal plaintiff in the suit .

Under section 71 ( 1 ) of the Act , it is the duty of each local authority to enforce within its district the provisions of the Act and ‘ for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions … as may be necessary to secure observance thereof .
under section 71 ( 1 ) of the act , it is the duty of each local authority to [carry out] within its district the provisions of the act and ‘ for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of contraventions of the said provisions … as may be necessary to secure observance thereof .

Orders in bankruptcy proceedings are enforced in the same manner as a judgement and one court can enforce the order of another court ( r 7.19 ) .
orders in bankruptcy proceedings are enforced in the same manner as a judgement and one court can [carry out] the order of another court ( r 7.19 ) .

They were in obvious danger from the revolutionary `` khomieths `` that had sprung up throughout the country to enforce radical change .
they were in obvious danger from the revolutionary `` khomieths `` that had sprung up throughout the country to [carry out] radical change .

‘ We have very limited means to enforce our regulations .
‘ we have very limited means to [carry out] our regulations .

The need for medical supervision may be necessary for those sufferers who repeatedly enforce vomiting and thus disturb the fluid balance of heir bodies .
the need for medical supervision may be necessary for those sufferers who repeatedly [carry out] vomiting and thus disturb the fluid balance of heir bodies .

Britain does not have a supreme constitutional court to pass judgement on what is `` unconstitutional `` and it is left to the constitutional authorities to do their best to enforce particular patterns of constitutional political behaviour .
britain does not have a supreme constitutional court to pass judgement on what is `` unconstitutional `` and it is left to the constitutional authorities to do their best to [carry out] particular patterns of constitutional political behaviour .

It had not even proved possible to enforce the 1891 Factory Act , which obliged all women to take one month off after childbirth .
it had not even proved possible to [carry out] the 1891 factory act , which obliged all women to take one month off after childbirth .

The courts will not , in general , specifically enforce an ordinary master-servant relationship .
the courts will not , in general , specifically [carry out] an ordinary master-servant relationship .

If states failed to set or enforce standards , the Department of Health , Education and Welfare could intervene .
if states failed to set or [carry out] standards , the department of health , education and welfare could intervene .

The meetings of the Association helped both to raise the consciousness of scientists and also to enforce some specialization : members expected to attend only one of the sections .
the meetings of the association helped both to raise the consciousness of scientists and also to [carry out] some specialization : members expected to attend only one of the sections .

The idea of decentralization to departmental units of accountable management not only undermines the hierarchical authority structure traditionally used in bureaucracies to enforce equitable application of departmental rules ( see p. 26 ) , but its underlying aim , as Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 , p. 157 ) warn , ‘ may be to downgrade … the search for fairness and equity of treatment … since such practices may not be value for money ’ , In the private sector , where equity is less important ( and in some cases absent ) , the search for value for money conflicts with no particular value systems , but in the public sector it does .
the idea of decentralization to departmental units of accountable management not only undermines the hierarchical authority structure traditionally used in bureaucracies to [carry out] equitable application of departmental rules ( see p. 26 ) , but its underlying aim , as gray and jenkins ( 1985 , p. 157 ) warn , ‘ may be to downgrade … the search for fairness and equity of treatment … since such practices may not be value for money ’ , in the private sector , where equity is less important ( and in some cases absent ) , the search for value for money conflicts with no particular value systems , but in the public sector it does .

the problem is how to develop and enforce policies involving cuts in services and reductions in the public sector workforce in the face of local resistance and antagonism on the part of Labour local authorities , public sector unions , organised groups of consumers of state services , and so on .
the problem is how to develop and [carry out] policies involving cuts in services and reductions in the public sector workforce in the face of local resistance and antagonism on the part of labour local authorities , public sector unions , organised groups of consumers of state services , and so on .

Goldsmith ( 1986 , p. xv ) observes that concern with legislation as a means of controlling central-local government relations and the parallel use of the courts to enforce government intentions has been a feature of post-1979 Conservative governments .
goldsmith ( 1986 , p. xv ) observes that concern with legislation as a means of controlling central-local government relations and the parallel use of the courts to [carry out] government intentions has been a feature of post-1979 conservative governments .

He adds , ‘ it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the government has taken power : ( a ) to set for each authority what is to be regarded as the ‘ needed ’ level of spending , ( b ) to enforce that level of spending by manipulation of grant ' .
he adds , ‘ it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the government has taken power : ( a ) to set for each authority what is to be regarded as the ‘ needed ’ level of spending , ( b ) to [carry out] that level of spending by manipulation of grant ' .

the economic problem of how to enforce reductions in local social consumption expenditure ;
the economic problem of how to [carry out] reductions in local social consumption expenditure ;

However , that is not a good reason for trying to levy high tax rates that no-one can enforce .
however , that is not a good reason for trying to levy high tax rates that no-one can [carry out] .

Of course Castro 's stand , far from being just one of principle , was an attempt to enforce his claims on the Soviet Union at a time when the security of his revolution had never been more seriously threatened .
of course castro 's stand , far from being just one of principle , was an attempt to [carry out] his claims on the soviet union at a time when the security of his revolution had never been more seriously threatened .

Indeed , Jip and Zab have lost their almost telepathic ability to communicate , and , as witnessed by the outcome of the novel , the world is unable to communicate well enough to reach a full consensus or enforce a communal decision .
indeed , jip and zab have lost their almost telepathic ability to communicate , and , as witnessed by the outcome of the novel , the world is unable to communicate well enough to reach a full consensus or [carry out] a communal decision .

Clearly the presentation of the winding-up petition is a prima facie indication of a company 's insolvency and it would therefore be wholly inequitable for one creditor to be entitled to enforce his debt to the detriment of the other creditors .
clearly the presentation of the winding-up petition is a prima facie indication of a company 's insolvency and it would therefore be wholly inequitable for one creditor to be entitled to [carry out] his debt to the detriment of the other creditors .

But remember , codes have no legal status and they are only as good as the organisation 's power to enforce them .
but remember , codes have no legal status and they are only as good as the organisation 's power to [carry out] them .

Enforce laws against selling tobacco to minors ( 6l , m )
[carry out] laws against selling tobacco to minors ( 6l , m )

Enforce stubble-burning bye laws ( 6a , b )
[carry out] stubble-burning bye laws ( 6a , b )

Even close to major cities and towns where the passage of thousands of feet , hooves and occasional wheels had the effect of beating out a route 's direction very clearly , there was no local Department of Highways , or even a town plan to enforce legal limitations on the line of a particular road .
even close to major cities and towns where the passage of thousands of feet , hooves and occasional wheels had the effect of beating out a route 's direction very clearly , there was no local department of highways , or even a town plan to [carry out] legal limitations on the line of a particular road .

All the statutes lacked compulsory clauses to enforce rebuilding schemes and the temptation was to ‘ shovel-off ’ the poor onto neighbouring districts .
all the statutes lacked compulsory clauses to [carry out] rebuilding schemes and the temptation was to ‘ shovel-off ’ the poor onto neighbouring districts .

Just as thirty years before , here again were feminist divisions over using the repressive state to enforce women 's demands .
just as thirty years before , here again were feminist divisions over using the repressive state to [carry out] women 's demands .

Local authorities were obliged to carry out overcrowding surveys ; to prosecute to enforce the standard ; and to define what might be regarded as ‘ suitable alternative accommodation ’ .
local authorities were obliged to carry out overcrowding surveys ; to prosecute to [carry out] the standard ; and to define what might be regarded as ‘ suitable alternative accommodation ’ .

The result is to confer an equitable charge which the lender can enforce by selling the shares if he needs to realise his security .
the result is to confer an equitable charge which the lender can [carry out] by selling the shares if he needs to realise his security .

‘ Security is created where a person ( ‘ the creditor ’ ) to whom an obligation is owed by another ( ‘ the debtor ’ ) by statute or contract , in addition to the personal promise of the debtor to discharge the obligation , obtains rights exercisable against some property in which the debtor has an interest in order to enforce the discharge of the debtor 's obligation to the creditor .
‘ security is created where a person ( ‘ the creditor ’ ) to whom an obligation is owed by another ( ‘ the debtor ’ ) by statute or contract , in addition to the personal promise of the debtor to discharge the obligation , obtains rights exercisable against some property in which the debtor has an interest in order to [carry out] the discharge of the debtor 's obligation to the creditor .

The classic example of a possessory security is the pledge which involves the pledgee ( the security holder ) taking possession of the goods of the debtor ( the pledgor ) until the debt is paid or the pledgee takes steps to enforce the pledge .
the classic example of a possessory security is the pledge which involves the pledgee ( the security holder ) taking possession of the goods of the debtor ( the pledgor ) until the debt is paid or the pledgee takes steps to [carry out] the pledge .

What this entails is that once a charge becomes enforceable , the chargee may thereupon take whatever steps are available to enforce the charge since English law places no significant impediments in the way of the right of enforcement of a charge .
what this entails is that once a charge becomes enforceable , the chargee may thereupon take whatever steps are available to [carry out] the charge since english law places no significant impediments in the way of the right of enforcement of a charge .

This right of enforcement is further enhanced by the fact that English insolvency law permits a chargee to remain outside the insolvency proceedings and to enforce his charge independently of such proceedings .
this right of enforcement is further enhanced by the fact that english insolvency law permits a chargee to remain outside the insolvency proceedings and to [carry out] his charge independently of such proceedings .

The normal crystallising event is the taking of steps to enforce the charge but there are others and these will be dealt with later .
the normal crystallising event is the taking of steps to [carry out] the charge but there are others and these will be dealt with later .

Third , the floating charge holder will be able to take steps to enforce the charge and , as will be seen , this accords him considerable control over the company 's affairs .
third , the floating charge holder will be able to take steps to [carry out] the charge and , as will be seen , this accords him considerable control over the company 's affairs .

Fourth , the holder of a floating charge will have some measure of control over the company even without taking any steps to enforce it .
fourth , the holder of a floating charge will have some measure of control over the company even without taking any steps to [carry out] it .

It is important to note that a void charge still remains valid against the company and there is no reason why the chargee should not take steps to enforce it .
it is important to note that a void charge still remains valid against the company and there is no reason why the chargee should not take steps to [carry out] it .

Once the conditions for the enforcement of a charge have arisen English law places few constraints on the right of the security holder to enforce his charge and in this respect it is pro-security holder .
once the conditions for the enforcement of a charge have arisen english law places few constraints on the right of the security holder to [carry out] his charge and in this respect it is pro-security holder .

There has been an historical reluctance on the part of the police to enforce the section , which is perhaps to be regretted .
there has been an historical reluctance on the part of the police to [carry out] the section , which is perhaps to be regretted .

Even now , the categories of duty can not be regarded as being closed ; they have been held to include a general duty to enforce the law , to detect and prevent crime and to bring the offender to justice , to prevent harm to persons and property and to preserve evidence .
even now , the categories of duty can not be regarded as being closed ; they have been held to include a general duty to [carry out] the law , to detect and prevent crime and to bring the offender to justice , to prevent harm to persons and property and to preserve evidence .

Thus strong powers are needed by the centre to enforce decisions .
thus strong powers are needed by the centre to [carry out] decisions .

The term ‘ police ’ here refers to the organization employed by the state on a day-to-day basis to enforce its laws , with coercion if necessary .
the term ‘ police ’ here refers to the organization employed by the state on a day-to-day basis to [carry out] its laws , with coercion if necessary .

For many years the official view of the position of the police in liberal democracies like Britain was that it acted merely as an administrative agent to enforce the law .
for many years the official view of the position of the police in liberal democracies like britain was that it acted merely as an administrative agent to [carry out] the law .

The military consists of the armed forces ( land , sea and air ) whose primary function is to defend the state against external enemies or to enforce the will of the state against other states .
the military consists of the armed forces ( land , sea and air ) whose primary function is to defend the state against external enemies or to [carry out] the will of the state against other states .

This is not unlike the former position for companies and this too produced many circumstances where organizations chose not to follow professional prescription and there did not appear to be the power or the will to enforce compliance .
this is not unlike the former position for companies and this too produced many circumstances where organizations chose not to follow professional prescription and there did not appear to be the power or the will to [carry out] compliance .

Before 1970 it was largely left to the Weights and Measures Departments of local authorities to enforce those statutes which gave protection to the consumer of goods and they often took the view that they had no competence to deal with complaints which did not indicate a possible breach of the criminal law .
before 1970 it was largely left to the weights and measures departments of local authorities to [carry out] those statutes which gave protection to the consumer of goods and they often took the view that they had no competence to deal with complaints which did not indicate a possible breach of the criminal law .

It has always been able to impose penalties on parties who break the rules without permission , by the award of costs against them , but it has not been able to enforce the rules of its own volition .
it has always been able to impose penalties on parties who break the rules without permission , by the award of costs against them , but it has not been able to [carry out] the rules of its own volition .

Furthermore , in the field of crime connected with Community assets , the Court has made it clear as a matter of Community law both that Member States must use their criminal law if necessary to enforce Community laws and that the Commission must co-operate with the Member States ( e.g .
furthermore , in the field of crime connected with community assets , the court has made it clear as a matter of community law both that member states must use their criminal law if necessary to [carry out] community laws and that the commission must co-operate with the member states ( e.g .

by allowing its officials to give evidence ) when they are trying to enforce Community law .
by allowing its officials to give evidence ) when they are trying to [carry out] community law .

‘ Far from pretending that wives are in general no better treated than slaves … no slave is a slave to the same lengths and in so full a sense of the word as a wife is [ for her husband ] can claim from her and enforce the lowest degradation of a human being , that of being made the instrument of an animal function contrary to her inclinations .
‘ far from pretending that wives are in general no better treated than slaves … no slave is a slave to the same lengths and in so full a sense of the word as a wife is [ for her husband ] can claim from her and [carry out] the lowest degradation of a human being , that of being made the instrument of an animal function contrary to her inclinations .

Their specific duty is to prevent a breach of the peace or to enforce a court order ; for example , access .
their specific duty is to prevent a breach of the peace or to [carry out] a court order ; for example , access .

An appeal has been launched for government officials to improve their understanding of the importance of preserving nature , and to enforce local restrictions on the poaching , purchasing and smuggling of wildlife .
an appeal has been launched for government officials to improve their understanding of the importance of preserving nature , and to [carry out] local restrictions on the poaching , purchasing and smuggling of wildlife .

The plans , put forward by Environment Minister David Trippier , would involve each country disposing of its own waste and would alter the European Commission 's plans to enforce disposal at the nearest plant , regardless of cost .
the plans , put forward by environment minister david trippier , would involve each country disposing of its own waste and would alter the european commission 's plans to [carry out] disposal at the nearest plant , regardless of cost .

Food poisoning will affect an increasing amount of people unless an independent body is set up to enforce food contamination laws .
food poisoning will affect an increasing amount of people unless an independent body is set up to [carry out] food contamination laws .

The act however , is extremely difficult to enforce , and fines have so far been nominal .
the act however , is extremely difficult to [carry out] , and fines have so far been nominal .

Cypriot President George Vassilou has announced his intention to enforce a ban on the killing of migratory birds .
cypriot president george vassilou has announced his intention to [carry out] a ban on the killing of migratory birds .

The National Wildlife Federation warns that voluntary agreements between companies and an agency `` which can not verify or enforce the reductions offers little guarantee of progress `` .
the national wildlife federation warns that voluntary agreements between companies and an agency `` which can not verify or [carry out] the reductions offers little guarantee of progress `` .

The report estimates that $ 4.6 billion is needed to enforce the laws required to save all threatened species .
the report estimates that $ 4.6 billion is needed to [carry out] the laws required to save all threatened species .

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease :
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations as contained in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to [carry out] the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms or accept a surrender of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease :

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to [carry out] the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]

6.3 Superior lease Where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : To pay the rents reserved by the [ superior Lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the Landlord in the said Lease Not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior Lease ] without first obtaining the Tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]
6.3 superior lease where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : to pay the rents reserved by the [ superior lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to [carry out] the covenants on the part of the landlord in the said lease not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior lease ] without first obtaining the tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]

9.3 Covenants relating to adjoining Premises Nothing contained in or implied by this Lease shall give the Tenant the benefit of or the right to enforce or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the Landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this Lease Tenants have very limited rights to enforce covenants against each other .
9.3 covenants relating to adjoining premises nothing contained in or implied by this lease shall give the tenant the benefit of or the right to [carry out] or to prevent the release or modification of any covenant agreement or condition entered into by any tenant of the landlord in respect of any property not comprised in this lease tenants have very limited rights to [carry out] covenants against each other .

The general rule is that one tenant can not enforce covenants contained in another tenant 's lease , but there are a number of exceptions being mainly as follows : ( 1 ) Where a tenant has taken an assignment from the landlord of the benefit of a covenant entered into by a tenant of other premises ; ( 2 ) Where various tenants or their predecessors in title have entered into a mutual deed of covenant ( in which case each can enforce the covenants against the others ) ; ( 3 ) Where the estate has been laid out under a common scheme for building ( known as a building scheme ) and the leases have been taken pursuant to that scheme ; ( 4 ) Where there is a letting scheme , which is similar to a building scheme , but there need be no physical laying out of the estate .
the general rule is that one tenant can not [carry out] covenants contained in another tenant 's lease , but there are a number of exceptions being mainly as follows : ( 1 ) where a tenant has taken an assignment from the landlord of the benefit of a covenant entered into by a tenant of other premises ; ( 2 ) where various tenants or their predecessors in title have entered into a mutual deed of covenant ( in which case each can [carry out] the covenants against the others ) ; ( 3 ) where the estate has been laid out under a common scheme for building ( known as a building scheme ) and the leases have been taken pursuant to that scheme ; ( 4 ) where there is a letting scheme , which is similar to a building scheme , but there need be no physical laying out of the estate .

Most leases of commercial centres do not fall within the above categories but if the lease in question does , then it may be advisable to delete the words `` to enforce or `` from line two of the proviso .
most leases of commercial centres do not fall within the above categories but if the lease in question does , then it may be advisable to delete the words `` to [carry out] or `` from line two of the proviso .

5 The remedies available to the client to enforce performance of those remedies or to obtain redress for breach .
5 the remedies available to the client to [carry out] performance of those remedies or to obtain redress for breach .

In cases where a covenant must be imposed to observe existing restrictions , on behalf of a buyer always insert in the covenant such words as `` so far as the same affect the property hereby conveyed and are subsisting and capable of being enforced `` , because for one reason or another the odds are ten to one that nobody can legally enforce them ; but the case might be otherwise if you impose the restrictions afresh .
in cases where a covenant must be imposed to observe existing restrictions , on behalf of a buyer always insert in the covenant such words as `` so far as the same affect the property hereby conveyed and are subsisting and capable of being enforced `` , because for one reason or another the odds are ten to one that nobody can legally [carry out] them ; but the case might be otherwise if you impose the restrictions afresh .

Caution against dealings provides that a third party claiming an interest such as the courts would enforce , shall be notified of any proposed dealing with the land so that he or she might challenge it .
caution against dealings provides that a third party claiming an interest such as the courts would [carry out] , shall be notified of any proposed dealing with the land so that he or she might challenge it .

Once the party seeking to enforce the restraint has established that there is an interest meriting protection the next question is whether the restraint is reasonable between the parties .
once the party seeking to [carry out] the restraint has established that there is an interest meriting protection the next question is whether the restraint is reasonable between the parties .

Lord Reid went on to say that the reason that the court will not enforce a restraint which goes further than affording protection to the legitimate interests of a party is because too wide a restraint is against the public interest .
lord reid went on to say that the reason that the court will not [carry out] a restraint which goes further than affording protection to the legitimate interests of a party is because too wide a restraint is against the public interest .

In summary , the law is that the courts will not enforce any post employment restraint on the activities of an employee unless the restraint is reasonable .
in summary , the law is that the courts will not [carry out] any post employment restraint on the activities of an employee unless the restraint is reasonable .

Second , non-compliance with regulatory rules may be a ground upon which the court will refuse to enforce a stipulation of confidence .
second , non-compliance with regulatory rules may be a ground upon which the court will refuse to [carry out] a stipulation of confidence .

The less clear the rules , the more difficult they will be to enforce .
the less clear the rules , the more difficult they will be to [carry out] .

The exchange should have a mechanism by which to enforce its members ' compliance with the rules .
the exchange should have a mechanism by which to [carry out] its members ' compliance with the rules .

It means that a plaintiff with no more than an arguable case for suppressing a story on breach of confidence grounds can obtain , at a secret High Court hearing , an injunction against one defendant ( perhaps a journal whose financial position does not permit a legal contest ) and thereafter enforce it against every media outlet in the country .
it means that a plaintiff with no more than an arguable case for suppressing a story on breach of confidence grounds can obtain , at a secret high court hearing , an injunction against one defendant ( perhaps a journal whose financial position does not permit a legal contest ) and thereafter [carry out] it against every media outlet in the country .

Second , conventionalism corrects the popular layman 's view that there is always law to enforce .
second , conventionalism corrects the popular layman 's view that there is always law to [carry out] .

Since convention in Britain establishes that acts of parliament are law , a British judge must enforce even acts of parliament he considers unfair or unwise .
since convention in britain establishes that acts of parliament are law , a british judge must [carry out] even acts of parliament he considers unfair or unwise .

According to conventionalism , an American judge is therefore obliged , by the best interpretation of the practice to which he belongs , to enforce whatever these conventions declare to be law in particular cases , whether he approves of that law or not .
according to conventionalism , an american judge is therefore obliged , by the best interpretation of the practice to which he belongs , to [carry out] whatever these conventions declare to be law in particular cases , whether he approves of that law or not .

The majority in the snail darter case thought that the best interpretation of the convention about statutes required them to enforce the literal meaning of the Environmental Protection Act unless it could be proved that Congress intended otherwise .
the majority in the snail darter case thought that the best interpretation of the convention about statutes required them to [carry out] the literal meaning of the environmental protection act unless it could be proved that congress intended otherwise .

These latter arguments , fixed in different ways on the question of how the statute should be read , make sense only on the assumption that the law judges have an obligation to enforce depends on the `` correct `` reading even when it is controversial what that is ; this is exactly the assumption conventionalism denies .
these latter arguments , fixed in different ways on the question of how the statute should be read , make sense only on the assumption that the law judges have an obligation to [carry out] depends on the `` correct `` reading even when it is controversial what that is ; this is exactly the assumption conventionalism denies .

They disagreed whether they were obligated by the correct theory of legislation to enforce the most literal or the most sensible reading of the statute in the absence of any reliable evidence about what Congress actually intended .
they disagreed whether they were obligated by the correct theory of legislation to [carry out] the most literal or the most sensible reading of the statute in the absence of any reliable evidence about what congress actually intended .

In a pragmatist regime no conventions of that sort would be recognized , and though judges would normally enforce decisions made by other political institutions in the past , they would recognize no general duty to do so .
in a pragmatist regime no conventions of that sort would be recognized , and though judges would normally [carry out] decisions made by other political institutions in the past , they would recognize no general duty to do so .

Some will think that a good community never lays down coercive rules except to enforce moral duties , and therefore that Mr. O'Brian should be made to compensate Mrs. McLoughlin if , but only if , he has a moral duty to do so .
some will think that a good community never lays down coercive rules except to [carry out] moral duties , and therefore that mr. o'brian should be made to compensate mrs. mcloughlin if , but only if , he has a moral duty to do so .

The second is the principle of integrity in adjudication : it asks those responsible for deciding what the law is to see and enforce it as coherent in that way .
the second is the principle of integrity in adjudication : it asks those responsible for deciding what the law is to see and [carry out] it as coherent in that way .

We can not bring all the various statutory and common-law rules our judges enforce under a single coherent scheme of principle .
we can not bring all the various statutory and common-law rules our judges [carry out] under a single coherent scheme of principle .

It is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can enforce the covenant without being a party ( Chelsea and Walham Green Building Society v Armstrong [ 1951 ] Ch 853 ) .
it is not necessary for the building society to be joined as a party to a registered land transfer where it is only receiving the benefit of a covenant to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage by the wife ( and not releasing the husband ) because it can [carry out] the covenant without being a party ( chelsea and walham green building society v armstrong [ 1951 ] ch 853 ) .

This is not wholly satisfactory , as often the terms of the second mortgage are not sufficiently clear for the husband to enforce them ; it necessitates a separate form of receipt on redemption ; and it leaves the husband effectively without any title documents ( as these are held by the first mortgagee ) although he can of course have marked abstracts .
this is not wholly satisfactory , as often the terms of the second mortgage are not sufficiently clear for the husband to [carry out] them ; it necessitates a separate form of receipt on redemption ; and it leaves the husband effectively without any title documents ( as these are held by the first mortgagee ) although he can of course have marked abstracts .

If , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the High Court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see Chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be obtained ( see Chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .
if , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the high court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to [carry out] the judgment to be obtained ( see chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .

Order 26 , r 5 applies where any change has taken place after judgment by death , assignment or otherwise , in the parties entitled to enforce a judgment or order or in the parties liable under a judgment or order .
order 26 , r 5 applies where any change has taken place after judgment by death , assignment or otherwise , in the parties entitled to [carry out] a judgment or order or in the parties liable under a judgment or order .

However , where there has been a contested hearing and : ( 1 ) a money judgment payable in one lump sum is ordered , the debt is registered only when the judgment creditor takes steps to enforce it , or issues an oral examination ; ( 2 ) a money judgment ( payable in one lump sum or by instalments ) including an order for costs to be taxed is entered , registration is effected on completion of taxation ; ( 3 ) an application for new trial has been made or an appeal lodged with the Court of Appeal , registration is effected when the new trial ( if ordered ) or appeal have been disposed of .
however , where there has been a contested hearing and : ( 1 ) a money judgment payable in one lump sum is ordered , the debt is registered only when the judgment creditor takes steps to [carry out] it , or issues an oral examination ; ( 2 ) a money judgment ( payable in one lump sum or by instalments ) including an order for costs to be taxed is entered , registration is effected on completion of taxation ; ( 3 ) an application for new trial has been made or an appeal lodged with the court of appeal , registration is effected when the new trial ( if ordered ) or appeal have been disposed of .

Section 138(1) — ( 10 ) of the 1984 Act is applicable whensoever a lessor is proceeding by action to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent in the County Court .
section 138(1) — ( 10 ) of the 1984 act is applicable whensoever a lessor is proceeding by action to [carry out] a right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent in the county court .

Provided that the action does not cease under sub s ( 2 ) of s 138 ( that is , the lessee has not paid into court ( sic ) not less than five clear days before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action ) then , if the court is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent , it shall order possession to be given not less than four weeks from the date of the order unless within that period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all arrears and costs ( s 138 ( 3 ) ) .
provided that the action does not cease under sub s ( 2 ) of s 138 ( that is , the lessee has not paid into court ( sic ) not less than five clear days before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action ) then , if the court is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to [carry out] the right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent , it shall order possession to be given not less than four weeks from the date of the order unless within that period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all arrears and costs ( s 138 ( 3 ) ) .

Breach of the provisions of the Act involves the commission of an offence punishable by fine and may even in certain circumstances disqualify the firm from bringing proceedings to enforce its contractual rights — where by reason of the breach the defendant is unable to pursue his own claims against the firm or has otherwise suffered financial loss and the court does not consider that justice and equity require that the firm 's action should be allowed to proceed .
breach of the provisions of the act involves the commission of an offence punishable by fine and may even in certain circumstances disqualify the firm from bringing proceedings to [carry out] its contractual rights — where by reason of the breach the defendant is unable to pursue his own claims against the firm or has otherwise suffered financial loss and the court does not consider that justice and equity require that the firm 's action should be allowed to proceed .

Where the departure follows upon some dispute , on the other hand , there will be a natural inclination to enforce the restrictions in full , but it should be remembered that they will only be binding upon the outgoing partner himself , not on third parties .
where the departure follows upon some dispute , on the other hand , there will be a natural inclination to [carry out] the restrictions in full , but it should be remembered that they will only be binding upon the outgoing partner himself , not on third parties .

Where these arrangements need the co-operation of one or other of the parties , the court will make an order if necessary to enforce that co-operation .
where these arrangements need the co-operation of one or other of the parties , the court will make an order if necessary to [carry out] that co-operation .

This chapter explains whether , and if so how , an expert 's decision may be enforced , and explains ( 1 ) the nature of enforcement procedures ( 12.2 ) ; ( 2 ) the use of court action to enforce experts ' decisions ( 12.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the use of the threat of insolvency ( 12.4 ) ; ( 4 ) enforcement by the use of set-off ( 12.5 ) ; ( 5 ) difficulties with enforcement abroad ( 12.6 ) ; and ( 6 ) time limitation on enforcement ( 12.7 ) .
this chapter explains whether , and if so how , an expert 's decision may be enforced , and explains ( 1 ) the nature of enforcement procedures ( 12.2 ) ; ( 2 ) the use of court action to [carry out] experts ' decisions ( 12.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the use of the threat of insolvency ( 12.4 ) ; ( 4 ) enforcement by the use of set-off ( 12.5 ) ; ( 5 ) difficulties with enforcement abroad ( 12.6 ) ; and ( 6 ) time limitation on enforcement ( 12.7 ) .

Chapter l2 demonstrates that arbitration awards are easier to enforce than experts ' decisions .
chapter l2 demonstrates that arbitration awards are easier to [carry out] than experts ' decisions .

This trend is marked by s103 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 , which has abolished the court 's power to enforce an arbitrator 's order for interrogatories and discovery of documents .
this trend is marked by s103 of the courts and legal services act 1990 , which has abolished the court 's power to [carry out] an arbitrator 's order for interrogatories and discovery of documents .

The Commission has power to accept undertakings ( and subsequently enforce them ) if it is satisfied that they meet its concerns about the merger .
the commission has power to accept undertakings ( and subsequently [carry out] them ) if it is satisfied that they meet its concerns about the merger .

For the purchaser , it is important to consider whether as a result of the assignment the purchaser will be able to enforce the benefit of the contract directly against the supplier or whether such benefit can only be enforced with the co-operation of the vendor .
for the purchaser , it is important to consider whether as a result of the assignment the purchaser will be able to [carry out] the benefit of the contract directly against the supplier or whether such benefit can only be enforced with the co-operation of the vendor .

The statutory assignment has the advantage of enabling the purchaser to enforce the contracts directly against the supplier rather than through the vendor .
the statutory assignment has the advantage of enabling the purchaser to [carry out] the contracts directly against the supplier rather than through the vendor .

The Zimbabwean government has reported that several countries have offered to buy 25 tonnes of its ivory stocks , worth £9 million , in order to destroy them , in an effort to enforce the international ban on the trade in ivory .
the zimbabwean government has reported that several countries have offered to buy 25 tonnes of its ivory stocks , worth £9 million , in order to destroy them , in an effort to [carry out] the international ban on the trade in ivory .

Dynamite fishing is illegal in Cambodia , but the lack of strong centralized authority in the country means that the law is impossible to enforce .
dynamite fishing is illegal in cambodia , but the lack of strong centralized authority in the country means that the law is impossible to [carry out] .

The mammals will be given `` conservation status `` and national governments will be encouraged to enforce the protection order .
the mammals will be given `` conservation status `` and national governments will be encouraged to [carry out] the protection order .

The government is reportedly unwilling to enforce conservation laws in the case of influential royal parties from its Gulf allies .
the government is reportedly unwilling to [carry out] conservation laws in the case of influential royal parties from its gulf allies .

In another move , environmental groups will be allowed to apply for legal status and funds to `` assist `` the authorities to enforce the law .
in another move , environmental groups will be allowed to apply for legal status and funds to `` assist `` the authorities to [carry out] the law .

There are currently no statutory means to enforce their protection .
there are currently no statutory means to [carry out] their protection .

Logging remains crucial to the economy in the central provinces of Binh Dinh and Gia Lai and the bans are seen as being largely for international consumption , with little effort made to enforce them on the ground .
logging remains crucial to the economy in the central provinces of binh dinh and gia lai and the bans are seen as being largely for international consumption , with little effort made to [carry out] them on the ground .

Their numerical pluralism makes it difficult , if not impossible , to make and enforce a bargain , tacit or explicit , that would achieve moderation .
their numerical pluralism makes it difficult , if not impossible , to make and [carry out] a bargain , tacit or explicit , that would achieve moderation .

The courts may recognize them , but the courts have no power to enforce them .
the courts may recognize them , but the courts have no power to [carry out] them .

The judges serve to enforce and interpret such acts : they can not strike down an act .
the judges serve to [carry out] and interpret such acts : they can not strike down an act .

The courts recognize and will enforce only acts of Parliament .
the courts recognize and will [carry out] only acts of parliament .

In this situation agreed standards may be impossible to enforce .
in this situation agreed standards may be impossible to [carry out] .

This bilateralism ‘ contributes to an ‘ orderly ’ outward appearance of the law because it facilitates a precise identification of who has a right or a claim against whom and who may enforce it ' .
this bilateralism ‘ contributes to an ‘ orderly ’ outward appearance of the law because it facilitates a precise identification of who has a right or a claim against whom and who may [carry out] it ' .

There is debate as to whether States accept obligations for the protection of individuals or whether individuals are the recipients of rights which they can enforce .
there is debate as to whether states accept obligations for the protection of individuals or whether individuals are the recipients of rights which they can [carry out] .

The claim rests upon the right of all States parties to take steps to enforce the obligations of the Convention against other States parties .
the claim rests upon the right of all states parties to take steps to [carry out] the obligations of the convention against other states parties .

It was the second Unionist lever against Home Rule that helped to involve the King , for it assumed that Home Rule would become law , would be repudiated in Ulster , and that then the army would refuse to enforce it .
it was the second unionist lever against home rule that helped to involve the king , for it assumed that home rule would become law , would be repudiated in ulster , and that then the army would refuse to [carry out] it .

Not only would Ulster be right to resist , but so would army officers who refused to enforce the decision of parliament :
not only would ulster be right to resist , but so would army officers who refused to [carry out] the decision of parliament :

It would be possible to suppose , for instance , that the true Schrödinger-like equation , whatever it is , involves non-linearities which enforce a violation of the superposition principle for very complex systems , whilst essentially preserving it for simple systems to which we have actually applied quantum mechanics .
it would be possible to suppose , for instance , that the true schrödinger-like equation , whatever it is , involves non-linearities which [carry out] a violation of the superposition principle for very complex systems , whilst essentially preserving it for simple systems to which we have actually applied quantum mechanics .

Within the Review , which was the scholarly organ of this establishment , the capacity to make value discriminations was assumed to arise from the `` taste and tact `` associated with gentlemanly breeding , fortified by `` zeal , devotion and learning `` rather than `` critical ingenuity `` , In contrast to this , the voice of Scrutiny represented a new petit-bourgeois presence within professional English studies whose source of cultural authority derived , not from gentlemanly taste and tact , but from the pulse of their own sensibility ; from their `` intelligent `` and `` discriminating `` capacity to `` enforce `` their value judgements .
within the review , which was the scholarly organ of this establishment , the capacity to make value discriminations was assumed to arise from the `` taste and tact `` associated with gentlemanly breeding , fortified by `` zeal , devotion and learning `` rather than `` critical ingenuity `` , in contrast to this , the voice of scrutiny represented a new petit-bourgeois presence within professional english studies whose source of cultural authority derived , not from gentlemanly taste and tact , but from the pulse of their own sensibility ; from their `` intelligent `` and `` discriminating `` capacity to `` [carry out] `` their value judgements .

So it is clear that private citizens are the proper persons to ‘ enforce ’ private law .
so it is clear that private citizens are the proper persons to ‘ [carry out] ’ private law .

Certiorari and prohibition are concerned with control of the exercise of discretionary powers whereas the prerogative order of mandamus is designed to enforce the performance by governmental bodies of their duties .
certiorari and prohibition are concerned with control of the exercise of discretionary powers whereas the prerogative order of mandamus is designed to [carry out] the performance by governmental bodies of their duties .

As we have seen , the prerogative orders are not available against bodies whose jurisdiction rests entirely on contract ( that is , on rules of private law ) ; but such bodies are often required to comply with the rules of natural justice and the injunction , being a private law remedy , can be used to enforce the rules against contractual bodies .
as we have seen , the prerogative orders are not available against bodies whose jurisdiction rests entirely on contract ( that is , on rules of private law ) ; but such bodies are often required to comply with the rules of natural justice and the injunction , being a private law remedy , can be used to [carry out] the rules against contractual bodies .

However , a decision of the European Court of Justice ( that is , the Court of the European Communities ) has necessitated the creation of an exception to this rule where the applicant is seeking to enforce rights recognized by European Community law .
however , a decision of the european court of justice ( that is , the court of the european communities ) has necessitated the creation of an exception to this rule where the applicant is seeking to [carry out] rights recognized by european community law .

The fact that an applicant seeking to enforce European law is in a better position in respect of interim relief than an applicant seeking to enforce English law has been rightly criticized , but the anomaly could only be removed by legislation which the government has little incentive to promote .
the fact that an applicant seeking to [carry out] european law is in a better position in respect of interim relief than an applicant seeking to [carry out] english law has been rightly criticized , but the anomaly could only be removed by legislation which the government has little incentive to promote .

It has been said by the courts that there are good reasons of public policy to enforce such time-limits : public programmes ought not to be suspended or held up indefinitely for fear of a challenge at some later date .
it has been said by the courts that there are good reasons of public policy to [carry out] such time-limits : public programmes ought not to be suspended or held up indefinitely for fear of a challenge at some later date .

So , for example , it is in the discretion of the court whether or not to award mandamus to enforce the performance of a statutory duty despite the existence of a statutory default power .
so , for example , it is in the discretion of the court whether or not to award mandamus to [carry out] the performance of a statutory duty despite the existence of a statutory default power .

Similarly , why do courts discuss the inequality of bargaining power of the parties and the unreasonableness or unfairness of the terms of the contract and then sometimes refuse to enforce agreements on those grounds ?
similarly , why do courts discuss the inequality of bargaining power of the parties and the unreasonableness or unfairness of the terms of the contract and then sometimes refuse to [carry out] agreements on those grounds ?

In response to the related questions of why do we enforce contracts and what contracts should we enforce , liberal philosophy points towards two kinds of answer .
in response to the related questions of why do we [carry out] contracts and what contracts should we [carry out] , liberal philosophy points towards two kinds of answer .

Can the right to enforce a contract , with its correlative duty to perform it , be regarded as one of these constitutional guarantees ?
can the right to [carry out] a contract , with its correlative duty to perform it , be regarded as one of these constitutional guarantees ?

Each of the other fundamental rights reveals an aspect of the value of private autonomy , whereas , in contrast , a right to enforce a contract involves an assertion of the justice of commandeering state power to curtail economic liberty and restrict autonomy .
each of the other fundamental rights reveals an aspect of the value of private autonomy , whereas , in contrast , a right to [carry out] a contract involves an assertion of the justice of commandeering state power to curtail economic liberty and restrict autonomy .

In a more formal way we can state that fundamental rights which protect individual autonomy comprise immunities against state interference whereas the right to enforce a contract asserts a claim to harness state power to control the actions of another .
in a more formal way we can state that fundamental rights which protect individual autonomy comprise immunities against state interference whereas the right to [carry out] a contract asserts a claim to harness state power to control the actions of another .

Again , therefore , we conclude that the right to enforce a contract can not be derived from the liberal principle of respect for individual autonomy .
again , therefore , we conclude that the right to [carry out] a contract can not be derived from the liberal principle of respect for individual autonomy .

They urge that the law should enforce every promise .
they urge that the law should [carry out] every promise .

Liberalism insists that merely because a moral belief is generally held , that fact provides an insufficient reason to enforce that moral belief through law .
liberalism insists that merely because a moral belief is generally held , that fact provides an insufficient reason to [carry out] that moral belief through law .

In summary , though choice theories appear to take as their point of departure the priority of individual autonomy , when we step beyond their criterion of personal responsibility , as defined by the concept of voluntary consent , to the question of the kinds of obligation which the state will enforce , we find that choice theorists admit that they introduce a style of moral paternalism at odds with liberal values .
in summary , though choice theories appear to take as their point of departure the priority of individual autonomy , when we step beyond their criterion of personal responsibility , as defined by the concept of voluntary consent , to the question of the kinds of obligation which the state will [carry out] , we find that choice theorists admit that they introduce a style of moral paternalism at odds with liberal values .

Whenever the courts enforce a promise on the ground that another has relied upon it , a transfer of wealth occurs .
whenever the courts [carry out] a promise on the ground that another has relied upon it , a transfer of wealth occurs .

The State approves the artistic tastes of a fashionable avant-garde elite and then uses its powers of subvention and promotion to enforce these tastes on the majority .
the state approves the artistic tastes of a fashionable avant-garde elite and then uses its powers of subvention and promotion to [carry out] these tastes on the majority .

The editor Ian Barker ( formerly of the British Council , now a director of Annely Juda , Caro 's principal dealer ) has selected a small cross-section of works , and grouped them around various themes , such as ‘ vessels ’ , ‘ drawing in space ’ , ‘ openings ’ , and so on , designations which enforce the formally innovative , but at the same time ‘ formalist ’ character of Caro 's achievement .
the editor ian barker ( formerly of the british council , now a director of annely juda , caro 's principal dealer ) has selected a small cross-section of works , and grouped them around various themes , such as ‘ vessels ’ , ‘ drawing in space ’ , ‘ openings ’ , and so on , designations which [carry out] the formally innovative , but at the same time ‘ formalist ’ character of caro 's achievement .

The state remained reluctant to initiate legislation to enforce morality , though by the 1880s it was clearly responsive to its perception of public pressure .
the state remained reluctant to initiate legislation to [carry out] morality , though by the 1880s it was clearly responsive to its perception of public pressure .

With respect to public health , legislation in 1871 at last covered the whole country with sanitary authorities obliged to appoint such permanent staff as medical officers of health with powers to inspect and enforce eradication of such nuisances as polluted water supplies and inadequate drainage .
with respect to public health , legislation in 1871 at last covered the whole country with sanitary authorities obliged to appoint such permanent staff as medical officers of health with powers to inspect and [carry out] eradication of such nuisances as polluted water supplies and inadequate drainage .

In the fourteenth century even judges had been remarkably ignorant of the statutes which they had to enforce ; lawcourts sometimes did not even possess copies of particular acts ; and the copies which did exist were marred by gross errors .
in the fourteenth century even judges had been remarkably ignorant of the statutes which they had to [carry out] ; lawcourts sometimes did not even possess copies of particular acts ; and the copies which did exist were marred by gross errors .

Although external organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .
although external organs such as the police networks were used to [carry out] control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .

If you can not be contacted or do not make acceptable repayment proposals within a reasonable time , we may commence or continue procedures to enforce repayment .
if you can not be contacted or do not make acceptable repayment proposals within a reasonable time , we may commence or continue procedures to [carry out] repayment .

Even when the industry persuaded the authorities to introduce and enforce bans on imports , it did not change the operation of the highly concentrated domestic wholesale textile market .
even when the industry persuaded the authorities to introduce and [carry out] bans on imports , it did not change the operation of the highly concentrated domestic wholesale textile market .

In oral cultures , he claims : ‘ The individual has little perception of the past except in terms of the present ; whereas an analysis of a literate society can not but enforce a more objective recognition of the distinction between what was and what is ’ ( 1968 , p. 34 ) ( my emphasis ) .
in oral cultures , he claims : ‘ the individual has little perception of the past except in terms of the present ; whereas an analysis of a literate society can not but [carry out] a more objective recognition of the distinction between what was and what is ’ ( 1968 , p. 34 ) ( my emphasis ) .

The relationship of literacy to these supposed changes from limited to more developed states is described in terms which implicitly tend towards determinism , despite explicit denials : literacy ‘ fosters ’ a ‘ spirit of enquiry ’ ( 1968 , p. 14 ) ; it ‘ can not but enforce ’ a more ‘ objective definition of what was and what is ’ ( ibid .
the relationship of literacy to these supposed changes from limited to more developed states is described in terms which implicitly tend towards determinism , despite explicit denials : literacy ‘ fosters ’ a ‘ spirit of enquiry ’ ( 1968 , p. 14 ) ; it ‘ can not but [carry out] ’ a more ‘ objective definition of what was and what is ’ ( ibid .

This might be achieved using the power of guardianship , often regarded as toothless as it has no power to enforce medication .
this might be achieved using the power of guardianship , often regarded as toothless as it has no power to [carry out] medication .

It may require consideration whether some body of men who combined official experience with legal knowledge and who were entirely independent of the Government of the day , might not enforce official law with more effectiveness than any Division of the High Court .
it may require consideration whether some body of men who combined official experience with legal knowledge and who were entirely independent of the government of the day , might not [carry out] official law with more effectiveness than any division of the high court .

The work of regulatory agencies was also undermined by budget cuts and a concerted unwillingness to enforce existing regulations .
the work of regulatory agencies was also undermined by budget cuts and a concerted unwillingness to [carry out] existing regulations .

The committee must , however , rely on Parliament to enforce these powers .
the committee must , however , rely on parliament to [carry out] these powers .

The courts have also refused to interfere with a policy direction not to enforce a particular law .
the courts have also refused to interfere with a policy direction not to [carry out] a particular law .

He has a duty to enforce the law of the land .
he has a duty to [carry out] the law of the land .

Political power was decentralised in the sense that warriors were able to claim rights over a local territory and enforce their own brand of justice by means of military might .
political power was decentralised in the sense that warriors were able to claim rights over a local territory and [carry out] their own brand of justice by means of military might .

Their role in the reduction of mortality was — and still is — to remove environmental risks to health , to encourage the building of proper sewage and water systems following the Metropolitan example , to enforce housing standards , to ensure that rubbish is collected , to organize health inspections of schoolchildren .
their role in the reduction of mortality was — and still is — to remove environmental risks to health , to encourage the building of proper sewage and water systems following the metropolitan example , to [carry out] housing standards , to ensure that rubbish is collected , to organize health inspections of schoolchildren .

Whereas domestic politics occur within a political system which includes a government to make and enforce laws , the international system is anarchic .
whereas domestic politics occur within a political system which includes a government to make and [carry out] laws , the international system is anarchic .

In addition , parties that comply with the Convention ultimately may find it easier to enforce their judgments abroad .
in addition , parties that comply with the convention ultimately may find it easier to [carry out] their judgments abroad .

It does however provide expressly that execution of letters rogatory does not imply ultimate recognition of the jurisdiction of the authority issuing the letter rogatory or a commitment to recognise or enforce any judgment .
it does however provide expressly that execution of letters rogatory does not imply ultimate recognition of the jurisdiction of the authority issuing the letter rogatory or a commitment to recognise or [carry out] any judgment .

At one moment the boatswain Jack Allgood comes out of a berserk rage to realise that he , a warrant officer , has allowed his hatred of the captain to lead him into mutiny ; the points of physical detail enforce his emotional agony :
at one moment the boatswain jack allgood comes out of a berserk rage to realise that he , a warrant officer , has allowed his hatred of the captain to lead him into mutiny ; the points of physical detail [carry out] his emotional agony :

According to Devlin , society may wish to lay down moral standards for its citizens , and it may wish to use the criminal law to enforce those standards .
according to devlin , society may wish to lay down moral standards for its citizens , and it may wish to use the criminal law to [carry out] those standards .

Not only has there been a reluctance on the part of directors to enforce such a remedy on behalf of the company by suing fellow directors , but its adoption in the context of insider dealing does very little to help the real victim .
not only has there been a reluctance on the part of directors to [carry out] such a remedy on behalf of the company by suing fellow directors , but its adoption in the context of insider dealing does very little to help the real victim .

( f ) Every registered broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .
( f ) every registered broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and [carry out] written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .

In Britain institutions like the General Medical Council and the King 's Fund could provide it yet they apparently lack the power to enforce recommendations .
in britain institutions like the general medical council and the king 's fund could provide it yet they apparently lack the power to [carry out] recommendations .

The move follows the adoption of a tough stance by Chelmsford Borough Council , which says it is obliged to enforce the existing Shops Act .
the move follows the adoption of a tough stance by chelmsford borough council , which says it is obliged to [carry out] the existing shops act .

Shell argues that rather than introducing new requirements of dubious value , governments should enforce existing regulations to force sub-standard ships out of business .
shell argues that rather than introducing new requirements of dubious value , governments should [carry out] existing regulations to force sub-standard ships out of business .

Military experts think more than 50 fighter jets would be needed to enforce the zone .
military experts think more than 50 fighter jets would be needed to [carry out] the zone .

Tacograph readings are used to enforce European safety limits on the length of time a driver is behind the wheel without a break .
tacograph readings are used to [carry out] european safety limits on the length of time a driver is behind the wheel without a break .

Tachograph readings are used to enforce European safety limits on the length of time a driver is behind the wheel without a break .
tachograph readings are used to [carry out] european safety limits on the length of time a driver is behind the wheel without a break .

Bailiff Matthew Chambers went to Ashley Court in Dovercourt to enforce liability orders for £407 against Ivan Smith .
bailiff matthew chambers went to ashley court in dovercourt to [carry out] liability orders for £407 against ivan smith .

Responsible `` men are men with responsibilities , homes , children and wives , and that moral code is written into social security regulations to enforce responsibility for women and children as the economic essence of masculinity .
responsible `` men are men with responsibilities , homes , children and wives , and that moral code is written into social security regulations to [carry out] responsibility for women and children as the economic essence of masculinity .

Obviously the effectiveness of these proposals depends on how the government chooses to enforce the regulations .
obviously the effectiveness of these proposals depends on how the government chooses to [carry out] the regulations .

Indeed , during a summer of rioting by juvenile delinquents in England recently in the course of which whole urban areas were terrorized , looted and in some cases burnt to the ground , it was seriously suggested that the police had been to blame merely by being there to enforce the law .
indeed , during a summer of rioting by juvenile delinquents in england recently in the course of which whole urban areas were terrorized , looted and in some cases burnt to the ground , it was seriously suggested that the police had been to blame merely by being there to [carry out] the law .

The practical consequence of this must be that the individual who in his personal development has not mastered his basic instinctual drives but finds instead that the state masters them for him experiences none of the narcissistic gratifications of self-mastery but all of the privations which the agencies of state control enforce on him .
the practical consequence of this must be that the individual who in his personal development has not mastered his basic instinctual drives but finds instead that the state masters them for him experiences none of the narcissistic gratifications of self-mastery but all of the privations which the agencies of state control [carry out] on him .

Delegated enforcement is the term used for the fourth principle by which private bodies are used to enforce agreements and therefore administer state policies .
delegated enforcement is the term used for the fourth principle by which private bodies are used to [carry out] agreements and therefore administer state policies .

Full control of the party-state over society , which means that instead of trying to implement targets determined by social expectations and social demands , communist bureaucracies can enforce and pursue aims of their own .
full control of the party-state over society , which means that instead of trying to implement targets determined by social expectations and social demands , communist bureaucracies can [carry out] and pursue aims of their own .

The office may come equipped with sanctions to enforce those decisions on those reluctant to obey simply out of recognition of the rightness to do so .
the office may come equipped with sanctions to [carry out] those decisions on those reluctant to obey simply out of recognition of the rightness to do so .

The figures suggest two obvious conclusions , that the authority of the central government , as measured by its ability to secure payment , was weakest in the remote areas of the North and West , and that on the whole it was easier to enforce payments in the boroughs than in the countryside .
the figures suggest two obvious conclusions , that the authority of the central government , as measured by its ability to secure payment , was weakest in the remote areas of the north and west , and that on the whole it was easier to [carry out] payments in the boroughs than in the countryside .

( Offline can not enforce Split-type working if you have only one media type and/or only one available unit ! )
( offline can not [carry out] split-type working if you have only one media type and/or only one available unit ! )

Though the Workshops Regulation Act of 1867 forbade the employment of children under eight in any handicraft and stated that those aged between eight and thirteen must attend school for at least ten hours a week , it was difficult to enforce these provisions and they were widely evaded .
though the workshops regulation act of 1867 forbade the employment of children under eight in any handicraft and stated that those aged between eight and thirteen must attend school for at least ten hours a week , it was difficult to [carry out] these provisions and they were widely evaded .

Gorbachev was also called upon to enforce laws already passed but as yet barely implemented on property rights , land ownership , leaseholding and local economic autonomy .
gorbachev was also called upon to [carry out] laws already passed but as yet barely implemented on property rights , land ownership , leaseholding and local economic autonomy .

Iran would also enforce the embargo , according to an announcement by President Rafsanjani on Aug. 24 , despite the unexpected announcement by Saddam Hussein on Aug. 15 that Iraq would in effect accept Iran 's terms for a peace settlement between the two countries [ see pp .
iran would also [carry out] the embargo , according to an announcement by president rafsanjani on aug. 24 , despite the unexpected announcement by saddam hussein on aug. 15 that iraq would in effect accept iran 's terms for a peace settlement between the two countries [ see pp .

The French government on Aug. 19 ordered its naval commanders to apply sanctions " with firmness " ; France , however , had been among those Security Council members reportedly expressing concern on Aug. 13 over the prospect of individual members , rather than the Security Council , deciding to move to enforce a blockade .
the french government on aug. 19 ordered its naval commanders to apply sanctions " with firmness " ; france , however , had been among those security council members reportedly expressing concern on aug. 13 over the prospect of individual members , rather than the security council , deciding to move to [carry out] a blockade .

After the Security Council 's its Aug. 25 resolution on the use of `` measures `` by naval forces to enforce sanctions , Gorbachev said on Aug. 27 during a visit by the Egyptian Foreign Minister Esmat Abdel Meguid that `` political means are not exhausted , but maximum effort is needed to avoid an armed conflict `` .
after the security council 's its aug. 25 resolution on the use of `` measures `` by naval forces to [carry out] sanctions , gorbachev said on aug. 27 during a visit by the egyptian foreign minister esmat abdel meguid that `` political means are not exhausted , but maximum effort is needed to avoid an armed conflict `` .

In August 1989 , at the start of the 1989-90 season , the government introduced an identity-card system for supporters in an attempt to curb violence , but this was abandoned shortly afterwards when fans refused to comply and local authorities declared that they could not enforce it .
in august 1989 , at the start of the 1989-90 season , the government introduced an identity-card system for supporters in an attempt to curb violence , but this was abandoned shortly afterwards when fans refused to comply and local authorities declared that they could not [carry out] it .

He had previously appointed the Chief of Federal Police , Romeu Tuma , to be Chief Inspector of Taxes with special powers to punish tax evasion and to enforce price controls .
he had previously appointed the chief of federal police , romeu tuma , to be chief inspector of taxes with special powers to punish tax evasion and to [carry out] price controls .

In their sermons — and particularly the ones they delivered at the Assizes — Anglican clergymen continually stressed the need for judges , magistrates and juries to enforce the laws against the Nonconformists .
in their sermons — and particularly the ones they delivered at the assizes — anglican clergymen continually stressed the need for judges , magistrates and juries to [carry out] the laws against the nonconformists .

During the determined drive against Dissent in the first half of the 1680s , government directives were issued to judges , magistrates , constables and churchwardens requiring them to enforce the penal laws strictly .
during the determined drive against dissent in the first half of the 1680s , government directives were issued to judges , magistrates , constables and churchwardens requiring them to [carry out] the penal laws strictly .

The Roman centurion can return and enforce the evacuation but he ca n't open up responses .
the roman centurion can return and [carry out] the evacuation but he ca n't open up responses .

Whether Euric really could enforce a settlement so far away is open to question , but clearly he tried to exert influence considerably to the north-east of his own territories .
whether euric really could [carry out] a settlement so far away is open to question , but clearly he tried to exert influence considerably to the north-east of his own territories .

If they are not , then the purchaser should argue that it should be able to enforce warranties against the vendor for such matters for which the vendor may subsequently be able to enforce ( via its own warranties ) against the third party who originally sold to the vendor .
if they are not , then the purchaser should argue that it should be able to [carry out] warranties against the vendor for such matters for which the vendor may subsequently be able to [carry out] ( via its own warranties ) against the third party who originally sold to the vendor .

If at the end of the eight week period since completion , debts remained unpaid , the vendor should have the right to buy back [ at an agreed discount ] the debts which it may then seek to enforce ( as vigorously as it wishes ) in order to seek payment .
if at the end of the eight week period since completion , debts remained unpaid , the vendor should have the right to buy back [ at an agreed discount ] the debts which it may then seek to [carry out] ( as vigorously as it wishes ) in order to seek payment .

Equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local States , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .
equally , governments ' ability to [carry out] subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local states , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .

But you appear not to have noticed a few glaring facts like that women in general do n't rape men , or beat them up , or design weapons or make the laws and enforce them or hold enough jobs of influence and authority to make an iota of difference to the way this bloody patriarchal shit-heap is run .
but you appear not to have noticed a few glaring facts like that women in general do n't rape men , or beat them up , or design weapons or make the laws and [carry out] them or hold enough jobs of influence and authority to make an iota of difference to the way this bloody patriarchal shit-heap is run .

Such speed limits result either in widespread disregard of the law as at present , ‘ which ’ is bad because it is habit-forming , or they allow the police an undesirable discretion as to which laws they enforce and against whom they enforce them .
such speed limits result either in widespread disregard of the law as at present , ‘ which ’ is bad because it is habit-forming , or they allow the police an undesirable discretion as to which laws they [carry out] and against whom they [carry out] them .

Cara had seen neither member of Frizingley 's force herself ; nor was she in the least surprised that two men armed only with truncheons should shirk from attempting to enforce their will upon St Jude 's .
cara had seen neither member of frizingley 's force herself ; nor was she in the least surprised that two men armed only with truncheons should shirk from attempting to [carry out] their will upon st jude 's .

We are concerned with three aspects of the Act — the creation of criminal offences , the Director 's power to enforce the general law and the control of pyramid selling .
we are concerned with three aspects of the act — the creation of criminal offences , the director 's power to [carry out] the general law and the control of pyramid selling .

Power to enforce the general law on protection of consumers
power to [carry out] the general law on protection of consumers

If the rules are inadequate , then the answer is to get them right and enforce them , not to rely on equitable principles which are uncertain in their application to a modern market .
if the rules are inadequate , then the answer is to get them right and [carry out] them , not to rely on equitable principles which are uncertain in their application to a modern market .

‘ Very few people in housing need are aware of the legal remedies available to them and how a solicitor can help enforce these rights .
‘ very few people in housing need are aware of the legal remedies available to them and how a solicitor can help [carry out] these rights .

It is true , of course , that for the first time in 75 years , Russia now has in place the mechanisms of national democracy — a government whose president has been elected and a parliament able to enforce , by argument and voting , restraints on what the government does , as well as a constitutional court .
it is true , of course , that for the first time in 75 years , russia now has in place the mechanisms of national democracy — a government whose president has been elected and a parliament able to [carry out] , by argument and voting , restraints on what the government does , as well as a constitutional court .

There was a high stone wall , a pair of wrought-iron gates and the kind of silence that suggested the sort of owners who could enforce their privacy .
there was a high stone wall , a pair of wrought-iron gates and the kind of silence that suggested the sort of owners who could [carry out] their privacy .

The master manufacturers of Manchester wish that prices might always be high enough to enforce a general industry ; to keep the hands employed six days for a week 's work ; as they find that even one idle day , in the chance of it being a drunken one , damages all the other five , or rather the work of them .
the master manufacturers of manchester wish that prices might always be high enough to [carry out] a general industry ; to keep the hands employed six days for a week 's work ; as they find that even one idle day , in the chance of it being a drunken one , damages all the other five , or rather the work of them .

In the previous section we suggested that a government could use taxes and welfare benefits to redistribute income-earning potential and thereby enforce its value judgements about equity while leaving the market economy to take care of allocative efficiency .
in the previous section we suggested that a government could use taxes and welfare benefits to redistribute income-earning potential and thereby [carry out] its value judgements about equity while leaving the market economy to take care of allocative efficiency .

In other cases , governments have tried to regulate but often been ineffective ; it is hard to enforce regulations such as those that prevent ships discharging oil at sea .
in other cases , governments have tried to regulate but often been ineffective ; it is hard to [carry out] regulations such as those that prevent ships discharging oil at sea .

Moreover , whereas it may be easy to collect fixed charges from consumers with telephone or gas installations , it is harder to enforce a fixed charge for the right to travel by rail and a fare per journey reflecting marginal cost .
moreover , whereas it may be easy to collect fixed charges from consumers with telephone or gas installations , it is harder to [carry out] a fixed charge for the right to travel by rail and a fare per journey reflecting marginal cost .

The La Paz Police Force nobly sacrificed its traditional bonfire party and patrolled the wintry hillsides — some sneakily in plain clothes — to enforce law and order in pagan territory .
the la paz police force nobly sacrificed its traditional bonfire party and patrolled the wintry hillsides — some sneakily in plain clothes — to [carry out] law and order in pagan territory .

There a single-party State was able to enforce decisions although , even as the use of Russian spread , equal attention was also given to the development of local languages .
there a single-party state was able to [carry out] decisions although , even as the use of russian spread , equal attention was also given to the development of local languages .

However , other police forces will also be able to enforce provisions if a transport police constable is not available , or in relation to systems not covered by the British Transport Police , such as tramways , preserved railways and the Tyne and Wear metro .
however , other police forces will also be able to [carry out] provisions if a transport police constable is not available , or in relation to systems not covered by the british transport police , such as tramways , preserved railways and the tyne and wear metro .

Hull city council , which Ministers accept is a good , efficiently run council , wanted to enforce the law , but , in practice , it can not be enforced .
hull city council , which ministers accept is a good , efficiently run council , wanted to [carry out] the law , but , in practice , it can not be enforced .

My remarks about the Attorney-General were strong because he has not faced up to his responsibility to enforce the law .
my remarks about the attorney-general were strong because he has not faced up to his responsibility to [carry out] the law .

Much of the shambles is of the Government 's own making , because of their singular inability and unwillingness to enforce the law of the land or to show any real leadership in promoting reform .
much of the shambles is of the government 's own making , because of their singular inability and unwillingness to [carry out] the law of the land or to show any real leadership in promoting reform .

None the less , all Select Committee members felt some frustration in trying to identify which procedures would allow offshore workers to apply for trade union recognition , and enforce the general wish for union recognition upon employers .
none the less , all select committee members felt some frustration in trying to identify which procedures would allow offshore workers to apply for trade union recognition , and [carry out] the general wish for union recognition upon employers .

That is a shocking figure . Is he also aware that some of his colleagues have damaged their interests because they talked out a Bill designed to outlaw discrimination against disabled people ? Why does not the Minister enforce the employment quota for disabled people ? Why does he not impose a levy — not the levy that we were just speaking about , but one similar to the French or German levy — to bring jobs to disabled people ? What further action can we have ?
that is a shocking figure . is he also aware that some of his colleagues have damaged their interests because they talked out a bill designed to outlaw discrimination against disabled people ? why does not the minister [carry out] the employment quota for disabled people ? why does he not impose a levy — not the levy that we were just speaking about , but one similar to the french or german levy — to bring jobs to disabled people ? what further action can we have ?

What steps , other than expressing sympathy and exhortation , will the Minister and the Government take to enforce interest payments on debt and to streamline court procedures , so that it will not be too burdensome for small businesses to pursue their creditors ?
what steps , other than expressing sympathy and exhortation , will the minister and the government take to [carry out] interest payments on debt and to streamline court procedures , so that it will not be too burdensome for small businesses to pursue their creditors ?

Both the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister have made clear statements in the past 10 days that if the Scottish people vote for independence at the election , independence is what we shall have , but will the Secretary of State say a bit more today about how he answers the current argument about whether he has the right to run Scotland with nine Members of Parliament and , according to the latest poll , 18 per cent . of the vote ? Does he incorporate the votes of everyone who voted Labour or Liberal Democrat at the last election and use that as part of his mandate to enforce his unwanted policies on the Scottish people ?
both the secretary of state and the prime minister have made clear statements in the past 10 days that if the scottish people vote for independence at the election , independence is what we shall have , but will the secretary of state say a bit more today about how he answers the current argument about whether he has the right to run scotland with nine members of parliament and , according to the latest poll , 18 per cent . of the vote ? does he incorporate the votes of everyone who voted labour or liberal democrat at the last election and use that as part of his mandate to [carry out] his unwanted policies on the scottish people ?

If he had , he would have heard me say that it was for the Attorney-General to enforce the law , not the Government .
if he had , he would have heard me say that it was for the attorney-general to [carry out] the law , not the government .

Nevertheless , local authorities may enforce the law as it stands .
nevertheless , local authorities may [carry out] the law as it stands .

Employees are scared to enforce their rights because if they did they would be unfairly dismissed .
employees are scared to [carry out] their rights because if they did they would be unfairly dismissed .

Moreover , if she were to enforce a purely nationalist policy in respect of nuclear matters in Scotland , that could have consequences that she would regret — because the quantity of Scottish fuel reprocessed at Sellafield is vastly greater than the amount of overseas fuel brought to Dounreay .
moreover , if she were to [carry out] a purely nationalist policy in respect of nuclear matters in scotland , that could have consequences that she would regret — because the quantity of scottish fuel reprocessed at sellafield is vastly greater than the amount of overseas fuel brought to dounreay .

Every border is in some sense arbitrary , but the international community must rigorously enforce the golden rule that no border can be changed by unilateral resort to force .
every border is in some sense arbitrary , but the international community must rigorously [carry out] the golden rule that no border can be changed by unilateral resort to force .

If it is true , as alleged by Labour Members , that the 1908 Act is so essential for safety today , why did not the previous Labour Government enforce it ?
if it is true , as alleged by labour members , that the 1908 act is so essential for safety today , why did not the previous labour government [carry out] it ?

Wyatt 's defence of his accommodation with the world reflects , though , the harsh conditions which enforce such accommodation if existence is to continue .
wyatt 's defence of his accommodation with the world reflects , though , the harsh conditions which [carry out] such accommodation if existence is to continue .

Spenser represented real cultural preoccupations in his texts but these representational forms became vehicles which helped enforce cultural categories and the apparent identities they confer .
spenser represented real cultural preoccupations in his texts but these representational forms became vehicles which helped [carry out] cultural categories and the apparent identities they confer .

Such a person can enforce the contract against the other party but can not generally himself be sued .
such a person can [carry out] the contract against the other party but can not generally himself be sued .

If the trader fails to comply with these requirements , he is not allowed to enforce the agreement against the customer .
if the trader fails to comply with these requirements , he is not allowed to [carry out] the agreement against the customer .

The customer can use his lien to enforce this ; he can refuse to hand over any goods which are returnable by him , until he receives the part-exchange goods or the part-exchange allowance .
the customer can use his lien to [carry out] this ; he can refuse to hand over any goods which are returnable by him , until he receives the part-exchange goods or the part-exchange allowance .

If he does not , the successful plaintiff can enforce the judgment by causing a writ of execution to be issued .
if he does not , the successful plaintiff can [carry out] the judgment by causing a writ of execution to be issued .

As a general rule , if sufficient notice is given and the clause is therefore incorporated , the court will enforce it .
as a general rule , if sufficient notice is given and the clause is therefore incorporated , the court will [carry out] it .

It requires collective agreement in the form of government to define the property rights that are the objects of exchange and to enforce contract through the legal system .
it requires collective agreement in the form of government to define the property rights that are the objects of exchange and to [carry out] contract through the legal system .

If exchange relationships were based totally on unscrupulous self-interested behaviour , the resulting distrust and the cost of legal action to enforce contracts would render market coordination much less efficient than it is in the presence of trust built up through networks and embedded social expectations that contracts will be honoured .
if exchange relationships were based totally on unscrupulous self-interested behaviour , the resulting distrust and the cost of legal action to [carry out] contracts would render market coordination much less efficient than it is in the presence of trust built up through networks and embedded social expectations that contracts will be honoured .

Users can reach their own collective agreements on usage , but these may be costly to organize and enforce .
users can reach their own collective agreements on usage , but these may be costly to organize and [carry out] .

Firms can collude to fix prices , to restrict sales outlets , to enforce tie-in sales or refrain from advertising , to mention just some of the restrictive practices by which firms and labour organizations reduce competition between existing sellers and erect barriers to entry from new competition .
firms can collude to fix prices , to restrict sales outlets , to [carry out] tie-in sales or refrain from advertising , to mention just some of the restrictive practices by which firms and labour organizations reduce competition between existing sellers and erect barriers to entry from new competition .

This introduced compulsory school attendance in Ireland , and required local authorities to create School Attendance Committees to enforce it .
this introduced compulsory school attendance in ireland , and required local authorities to create school attendance committees to [carry out] it .

34–38 ) , referring to the bills of exchange position before the 1882 Act , to ‘ golden handshake ’ transactions and forbearance to sue , and the one-time ability to enforce a promise to pay a statute-barred debt ( abolished by the Limitation Acts ) and to enforce a promise to carry out a promise given for consideration during infancy ( abolished by the Infants Relief Act 1874 ) argues that ‘ … the rule about past consideration is too broadly stated .
34–38 ) , referring to the bills of exchange position before the 1882 act , to ‘ golden handshake ’ transactions and forbearance to sue , and the one-time ability to [carry out] a promise to pay a statute-barred debt ( abolished by the limitation acts ) and to [carry out] a promise to carry out a promise given for consideration during infancy ( abolished by the infants relief act 1874 ) argues that ‘ … the rule about past consideration is too broadly stated .

What principally weighs with me in thinking that Lord Coke made a mistake of fact is my conviction that all men of business , whether merchants or tradesmen , do every day recognise and act on the ground that prompt payment of a part of their demand may be more beneficial to them than it would be to insist on their rights and enforce payment of the whole .
what principally weighs with me in thinking that lord coke made a mistake of fact is my conviction that all men of business , whether merchants or tradesmen , do every day recognise and act on the ground that prompt payment of a part of their demand may be more beneficial to them than it would be to insist on their rights and [carry out] payment of the whole .

, p. 90 , wrote : ’ … Doctor Foakes was not seeking ‘ legally to enforce the agreement ’ against Mrs. Beer .
, p. 90 , wrote : ’ … doctor foakes was not seeking ‘ legally to [carry out] the agreement ’ against mrs. beer .

, p. 93 say ‘ It will be observed that the plaintiff sued in Pinnel 's Case not in assumpsit but in debt , so that no question of consideration arose ’ But it was not the promise to pay the debt which was in issue but the promise not to enforce the debt .
, p. 93 say ‘ it will be observed that the plaintiff sued in pinnel 's case not in assumpsit but in debt , so that no question of consideration arose ’ but it was not the promise to pay the debt which was in issue but the promise not to [carry out] the debt .

What sanctions existed to enforce compliance with the orders of missus or count ?
what sanctions existed to [carry out] compliance with the orders of missus or count ?

For some governments ( particularly Latin and South American ) the vast military spending is so they can enforce their regimes and keep protests and activists well at bay .
for some governments ( particularly latin and south american ) the vast military spending is so they can [carry out] their regimes and keep protests and activists well at bay .

In the past members wanting to enforce rights against their union were burdened with the costs of litigation , which may have only been mitigated to some extent by the availability of legal aid .
in the past members wanting to [carry out] rights against their union were burdened with the costs of litigation , which may have only been mitigated to some extent by the availability of legal aid .

One obvious alternative to the appointment of the Commissioner would have been to give further jurisdiction to the Industrial Tribunals , instead of the High Court , to enforce such rights which now fall within the scope of the Commissioner 's work .
one obvious alternative to the appointment of the commissioner would have been to give further jurisdiction to the industrial tribunals , instead of the high court , to [carry out] such rights which now fall within the scope of the commissioner 's work .

However , it has been seen that in a very short time , the Commissioner 's powers were extended to cover the private rights of members to enforce union rules-to sue for breach of contract-including individual complaints concerning discipline and expulsion .
however , it has been seen that in a very short time , the commissioner 's powers were extended to cover the private rights of members to [carry out] union rules-to sue for breach of contract-including individual complaints concerning discipline and expulsion .

4– The inspectors could encourage change but not enforce it — central bodies had no direct power over secondary selection .
4– the inspectors could encourage change but not [carry out] it — central bodies had no direct power over secondary selection .

Under the guidance of a Head of Section the postholder will enforce all Trading Standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .
under the guidance of a head of section the postholder will [carry out] all trading standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .

Innocent 's main aims were to win the support of Philip for Otto and to enforce the marriage law .
innocent 's main aims were to win the support of philip for otto and to [carry out] the marriage law .

The villages were apparently suspected of being bases for Armenian guerrilla raids against Azerbaijani communities , and the troops were officially acting to enforce Gorbachev 's July 1990 decree on disarming paramilitary groups [ see pp .
the villages were apparently suspected of being bases for armenian guerrilla raids against azerbaijani communities , and the troops were officially acting to [carry out] gorbachev 's july 1990 decree on disarming paramilitary groups [ see pp .

In both Mashad and Arak the disturbances appeared to have begun when the municipal authorities attempted to enforce the law on the erection of new buildings .
in both mashad and arak the disturbances appeared to have begun when the municipal authorities attempted to [carry out] the law on the erection of new buildings .

Although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .
although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to [carry out] the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .

Elaborating the content of the Islamic Law bills in the National Assembly on April 11 , the Minister of State for Law , Justice and Parliamentary Affairs , Chaudhary Amir Hussain , said that they would enforce measures to control corruption in the public services and bring education in line with Islamic values .
elaborating the content of the islamic law bills in the national assembly on april 11 , the minister of state for law , justice and parliamentary affairs , chaudhary amir hussain , said that they would [carry out] measures to control corruption in the public services and bring education in line with islamic values .

Under the controversial Clause 7 of the new act , 100 or more residents would be allowed to draft and enforce `` norms and standards `` of maintenance and density in their neighbourhood .
under the controversial clause 7 of the new act , 100 or more residents would be allowed to draft and [carry out] `` norms and standards `` of maintenance and density in their neighbourhood .

Major 's difficult domestic position was one of the factors leading German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , who met Major on June 9 , and President Mitterrand of France , who had talks with Major on June 24 , to agree that the Luxembourg summit should not attempt to enforce binding decisions .
major 's difficult domestic position was one of the factors leading german chancellor helmut kohl , who met major on june 9 , and president mitterrand of france , who had talks with major on june 24 , to agree that the luxembourg summit should not attempt to [carry out] binding decisions .

Jordanian efforts to enforce sanctions against Iraq — Refugee situation
jordanian efforts to [carry out] sanctions against iraq — refugee situation

It called for urgent steps to be taken to ensure impartial policing and demanded that the police enforce legislation to stop the carrying of spears and other `` cultural `` weapons by Inkatha supporters .
it called for urgent steps to be taken to ensure impartial policing and demanded that the police [carry out] legislation to stop the carrying of spears and other `` cultural `` weapons by inkatha supporters .

Under the new regulations , local representatives with power to enforce presidential and parliamentary decrees would be appointed .
under the new regulations , local representatives with power to [carry out] presidential and parliamentary decrees would be appointed .

Controversial legislation to be presented during the session included the draft Russian Constitution , and a bankruptcy law to enforce the presidential decree issued in June [ see p. 38974 ] .
controversial legislation to be presented during the session included the draft russian constitution , and a bankruptcy law to [carry out] the presidential decree issued in june [ see p. 38974 ] .

In other words people move in and out of dependent states ( just as younger people do ) and the help they receive can either enforce dependency permanently or provide the temporary support they need to recover .
in other words people move in and out of dependent states ( just as younger people do ) and the help they receive can either [carry out] dependency permanently or provide the temporary support they need to recover .

The strong controls which are necessary to enforce public accountability for the use of taxpayers ' money lead to caution , since experiments by their nature can fail .
the strong controls which are necessary to [carry out] public accountability for the use of taxpayers ' money lead to caution , since experiments by their nature can fail .

He also had powers to act against individuals , and to enforce those orders against them by imprisonment .
he also had powers to act against individuals , and to [carry out] those orders against them by imprisonment .

Thus the Chancellor would rescind a contract or rectify a deed where the common law courts would enforce it in accordance with its original terms .
thus the chancellor would rescind a contract or rectify a deed where the common law courts would [carry out] it in accordance with its original terms .

Completion dates tend to be on an `` on or before `` rather than a fixed date and frequently pass by without completion taking place … It will be appreciated that something less than the sanctity which attaches to completion in England exists in France … to resort to the courts to enforce a contract would be a rare and tediously long process and is hardly considered in textbooks as a remedy .
completion dates tend to be on an `` on or before `` rather than a fixed date and frequently pass by without completion taking place … it will be appreciated that something less than the sanctity which attaches to completion in england exists in france … to resort to the courts to [carry out] a contract would be a rare and tediously long process and is hardly considered in textbooks as a remedy .

( 3 ) Nothing in this section shall enable any action — ( a ) to recover , or recover the value of , any property ; or ( b ) to enforce any charge against , or set aside any transaction affecting , any property ; to be brought against the purchaser of the property or any person claiming through him in any case where the property has been purchased for valuable consideration by an innocent third party since the fraud or concealment of ( as the case may be ) the transaction in which the mistake was made took place …
( 3 ) nothing in this section shall enable any action — ( a ) to recover , or recover the value of , any property ; or ( b ) to [carry out] any charge against , or set aside any transaction affecting , any property ; to be brought against the purchaser of the property or any person claiming through him in any case where the property has been purchased for valuable consideration by an innocent third party since the fraud or concealment of ( as the case may be ) the transaction in which the mistake was made took place …

The duty of the court is to enforce the Acts and in so doing to observe one principle which is inherent in the Acts and has been long recognised , the principle that parties can not contract out of the Acts …
the duty of the court is to [carry out] the acts and in so doing to observe one principle which is inherent in the acts and has been long recognised , the principle that parties can not contract out of the acts …

Put another way , the court does not know what to enforce .
put another way , the court does not know what to [carry out] .

( 6 ) No liability shall arise by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above if — ( a ) before the date on which proceedings to enforce the liability are finally disposed of , the former residential occupier is reinstated in the premises in question in such circumstances that he becomes again the residential occupier of them ; or ( b ) at the request of the former residential occupier , a court makes an order ( whether in the nature of an injunction or otherwise ) as a result of which he is reinstated as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above …
( 6 ) no liability shall arise by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above if — ( a ) before the date on which proceedings to [carry out] the liability are finally disposed of , the former residential occupier is reinstated in the premises in question in such circumstances that he becomes again the residential occupier of them ; or ( b ) at the request of the former residential occupier , a court makes an order ( whether in the nature of an injunction or otherwise ) as a result of which he is reinstated as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above …

( 8 ) In proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .
( 8 ) in proceedings to [carry out] a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .

This case raised the question of whether an assignee of a reversion on a lease could enforce the payment of rent against someone who had entered into surety covenants as a guarantee of the tenant 's obligations in the lease .
this case raised the question of whether an assignee of a reversion on a lease could [carry out] the payment of rent against someone who had entered into surety covenants as a guarantee of the tenant 's obligations in the lease .

138 ( 1 ) This section has effect where a lessor is proceeding by action in a county court to enforce against a lessee a right of re-entry or forfeiture in respect of any land for non-payment of rent .
138 ( 1 ) this section has effect where a lessor is proceeding by action in a county court to [carry out] against a lessee a right of re-entry or forfeiture in respect of any land for non-payment of rent .

( 3 ) If — ( a ) the action does not cease under subsection ( 2 ) ; and ( b ) the court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture , the court shall order possession of the land to be given to the lessor at the expiration of such period , not being less than 4 weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action .
( 3 ) if — ( a ) the action does not cease under subsection ( 2 ) ; and ( b ) the court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to [carry out] the right of re-entry or forfeiture , the court shall order possession of the land to be given to the lessor at the expiration of such period , not being less than 4 weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action .

( 2 ) Where a lessor is proceeding , by action or otherwise , to enforce such a right of re-entry or forfeiture , the lessee may , in the lessor 's action , if any , or in any action brought by himself , apply to the court for relief , and the court may grant or refuse relief , as the court , having regard to the proceedings and conduct of the parties under the foregoing provisions of this section , and to all the other circumstances , thinks fit ; and in case of relief may grant it on such terms , if any , as to costs , expenses , damages , compensation , penalty , or otherwise , including the granting of an injunction to restrain any like breach in the future , as the court , in the circumstances of each case , thinks fit .
( 2 ) where a lessor is proceeding , by action or otherwise , to [carry out] such a right of re-entry or forfeiture , the lessee may , in the lessor 's action , if any , or in any action brought by himself , apply to the court for relief , and the court may grant or refuse relief , as the court , having regard to the proceedings and conduct of the parties under the foregoing provisions of this section , and to all the other circumstances , thinks fit ; and in case of relief may grant it on such terms , if any , as to costs , expenses , damages , compensation , penalty , or otherwise , including the granting of an injunction to restrain any like breach in the future , as the court , in the circumstances of each case , thinks fit .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to [carry out] a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

By s.5 ( 2 ) : [ w ] here property is subject to a trust , the persons to whom it belongs shall be regarded as including any person having a right to enforce the trust , and an intention to defeat the trust shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive of the property any person having that right .
by s.5 ( 2 ) : [ w ] here property is subject to a trust , the persons to whom it belongs shall be regarded as including any person having a right to [carry out] the trust , and an intention to defeat the trust shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive of the property any person having that right .

In terms of presumptions , the Act did enforce performance in a specified manner ( a fine ) but this gives way to the first exception , the obligation was imposed for the benefit of a class of people , factory employees .
in terms of presumptions , the act did [carry out] performance in a specified manner ( a fine ) but this gives way to the first exception , the obligation was imposed for the benefit of a class of people , factory employees .

Note : 15(2) will assist a recognised body to enforce Article 6 .
note : 15(2) will assist a recognised body to [carry out] article 6 .

Note : 15(2) will assist a recognised body to enforce Article 6 .
note : 15(2) will assist a recognised body to [carry out] article 6 .

In the debate Lord Holland recognised the dread among the upper classes that the lower orders might be seduced by subversive principles , `` particularly afloat at this moment `` , but also considered that some masters were taking advantage of this moment to `` enforce their views and render their workmen more dependent than they had hitherto been and than in all fairness and equity they ought to be `` .
in the debate lord holland recognised the dread among the upper classes that the lower orders might be seduced by subversive principles , `` particularly afloat at this moment `` , but also considered that some masters were taking advantage of this moment to `` [carry out] their views and render their workmen more dependent than they had hitherto been and than in all fairness and equity they ought to be `` .

This was quite untenable to Barratt and Taylor and in a letter Taylor complained that there never had been such a requirement in any mining lease and any experienced miner would reject it as attempting to enforce an impossibility .
this was quite untenable to barratt and taylor and in a letter taylor complained that there never had been such a requirement in any mining lease and any experienced miner would reject it as attempting to [carry out] an impossibility .

But the growing employment of women in the modern sectors of the economy and the declining ability to enforce post-partum abstinence in the conditions or urban life have curtailed adherence to these traditions .
but the growing employment of women in the modern sectors of the economy and the declining ability to [carry out] post-partum abstinence in the conditions or urban life have curtailed adherence to these traditions .

With Sir John Leveson , he was ordered to set up provision for the poor and to enforce the order of Privy Council of 1598 , and by this order they were both assessed in the Parish of Halling , Sir John for 7s 4d and Lambarde 6s and the whole total for Halling being £4 5s 8d .
with sir john leveson , he was ordered to set up provision for the poor and to [carry out] the order of privy council of 1598 , and by this order they were both assessed in the parish of halling , sir john for 7s 4d and lambarde 6s and the whole total for halling being £4 5s 8d .

More effective means had to be devised to enforce the Forest law to protect vert and venison , and to raise revenue .
more effective means had to be devised to [carry out] the forest law to protect vert and venison , and to raise revenue .

Britain would have to accept the decision or America would enforce it by arms .
britain would have to accept the decision or america would [carry out] it by arms .

That is , they believed that the civil state could and should be used to enforce religious conformity .
that is , they believed that the civil state could and should be used to [carry out] religious conformity .

The church found it hard to enforce chastity within marriage when a pagan man took it for granted that he had the right to sleep with his slavegirls .
the church found it hard to [carry out] chastity within marriage when a pagan man took it for granted that he had the right to sleep with his slavegirls .

Endeavours to enforce assimilation to Graeco-Roman culture upon the Jews had provoked fierce resistance .
endeavours to [carry out] assimilation to graeco-roman culture upon the jews had provoked fierce resistance .

Some would argue that society as a whole was incapable of rising to it morally and that little could be done to enforce it .
some would argue that society as a whole was incapable of rising to it morally and that little could be done to [carry out] it .

One such was an Ajdabiyan municipal policeman , one of the body of men employed to enforce local traffic and marketing regulations , rules about the disposal of garbage — all those minor matters which make for such amenity as the growing towns manage to achieve .
one such was an ajdabiyan municipal policeman , one of the body of men employed to [carry out] local traffic and marketing regulations , rules about the disposal of garbage — all those minor matters which make for such amenity as the growing towns manage to achieve .

Outcomes were the result of lawful and just action , not of a practical struggle to maintain rights and to enforce claims .
outcomes were the result of lawful and just action , not of a practical struggle to maintain rights and to [carry out] claims .

It is doubtful whether the council will be able to recover all the back tax or enforce the costs order .
it is doubtful whether the council will be able to recover all the back tax or [carry out] the costs order .

He can even indirectly , but effectively , interfere with the legal owner 's attempts to enforce his legal rights by action in the Common Law Courts .
he can even indirectly , but effectively , interfere with the legal owner 's attempts to [carry out] his legal rights by action in the common law courts .

It is a much easier order to enforce .
it is a much easier order to [carry out] .

An Equal Opportunities Commission , set up by the 1975 Act , oversees the working of the Acts : it may conduct formal investigations , and seek to enforce the law by civil proceedings .
an equal opportunities commission , set up by the 1975 act , oversees the working of the acts : it may conduct formal investigations , and seek to [carry out] the law by civil proceedings .

This right he can enforce not only by action , but also by a form of self-help known as distress , the seizure of any goods , whether belonging to the tenant or a stranger , which may be found on the premises .
this right he can [carry out] not only by action , but also by a form of self-help known as distress , the seizure of any goods , whether belonging to the tenant or a stranger , which may be found on the premises .

Whether a mortgage is legal or equitable , the mortgagee can enforce his security by applying to the court for an order for foreclosure .
whether a mortgage is legal or equitable , the mortgagee can [carry out] his security by applying to the court for an order for foreclosure .

When a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .
when a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to [carry out] their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .

It might have been possible for Britain to enforce Anglo-American nuclear collaboration by withholding ore stocks , but to have done so would have reduced American production of fissile material to the Soviets ' advantage .
it might have been possible for britain to [carry out] anglo-american nuclear collaboration by withholding ore stocks , but to have done so would have reduced american production of fissile material to the soviets ' advantage .

Cheerleaders of the new policy , like Charles Krauthammer , a columnist , speak with approval of the new ‘ unipolar ’ world — in which ‘ our best hope is in American strength and will , unashamedly laying down the rules of world order and being prepared to enforce them .
cheerleaders of the new policy , like charles krauthammer , a columnist , speak with approval of the new ‘ unipolar ’ world — in which ‘ our best hope is in american strength and will , unashamedly laying down the rules of world order and being prepared to [carry out] them .

Bamrung Boonpanya , who helped to organise protests against the pollution of the Nam Siew river , says that trying to get the police to enforce the law was ‘ like running after rats ’ .
bamrung boonpanya , who helped to organise protests against the pollution of the nam siew river , says that trying to get the police to [carry out] the law was ‘ like running after rats ’ .

According to a study by the new lieutenant-governor , Texas stands alone among the ten biggest states in its lack of power to enforce its rules on ethical behaviour .
according to a study by the new lieutenant-governor , texas stands alone among the ten biggest states in its lack of power to [carry out] its rules on ethical behaviour .

Not that there is much to enforce .
not that there is much to [carry out] .

Given choices , 17 % voted to remove American troops ; 46 % voted to leave the troops in place and enforce the embargo ; and only 29 % supported military action .
given choices , 17 % voted to remove american troops ; 46 % voted to leave the troops in place and [carry out] the embargo ; and only 29 % supported military action .

And it granted Mr Gorbachev most of the new powers he had requested ( though it rejected his clumsy proposal for a system of local inspectors to help enforce presidential decrees ) .
and it granted mr gorbachev most of the new powers he had requested ( though it rejected his clumsy proposal for a system of local inspectors to help [carry out] presidential decrees ) .

This is a loose , disjointed organisation , riven by strife , which can flourish only where weak or corrupt politicians have lost the will to enforce the law .
this is a loose , disjointed organisation , riven by strife , which can flourish only where weak or corrupt politicians have lost the will to [carry out] the law .

But the legality of a sterilisation order may be questionable , and it would certainly be hard to enforce .
but the legality of a sterilisation order may be questionable , and it would certainly be hard to [carry out] .

In any case , an open European market will make national quotas impossible to enforce .
in any case , an open european market will make national quotas impossible to [carry out] .

However , with parts of the new Soviet constitution not yet in place , it was not immediately clear how — if at all — the Soviet leadership could enforce such a ruling if the republics refused to toe the line .
however , with parts of the new soviet constitution not yet in place , it was not immediately clear how — if at all — the soviet leadership could [carry out] such a ruling if the republics refused to toe the line .

But , with parts of the new Soviet constitution not yet in place , it was not immediately clear how , if at all , the Soviet leadership could enforce such a ruling if the republics refused to toe the line .
but , with parts of the new soviet constitution not yet in place , it was not immediately clear how , if at all , the soviet leadership could [carry out] such a ruling if the republics refused to toe the line .

The divisions are certainly latent , but the very manner in which , especially since President Muawad 's assassination , Syria has been trying to enforce the peace plan — with such haste , threats and bluster — tends to blunt rather than sharpen them .
the divisions are certainly latent , but the very manner in which , especially since president muawad 's assassination , syria has been trying to [carry out] the peace plan — with such haste , threats and bluster — tends to blunt rather than sharpen them .

Note We will make payments as stated above provided ( a ) the injured clients notify us of any claim for personal injury within 3 months of their return from holiday ; ( b ) they assign to Horizon Holidays Ltd. any rights against a supplier or any other person or party they may have relating to the claim ; and ( c ) they agree to co-operate fully with us should we or our insurers wish to enforce those rights which have been assigned to us or to which we are subrogated .
note we will make payments as stated above provided ( a ) the injured clients notify us of any claim for personal injury within 3 months of their return from holiday ; ( b ) they assign to horizon holidays ltd. any rights against a supplier or any other person or party they may have relating to the claim ; and ( c ) they agree to co-operate fully with us should we or our insurers wish to [carry out] those rights which have been assigned to us or to which we are subrogated .

We will set up an Animal Protection Commission to enforce and recommend changes to legislation .
we will set up an animal protection commission to [carry out] and recommend changes to legislation .

We will strengthen the regulation of the utilities , enforce standards through our Consumer Protection Commission , and ensure prices are cut or other action taken where profits are excessive so that the customer gets a fair deal .
we will strengthen the regulation of the utilities , [carry out] standards through our consumer protection commission , and ensure prices are cut or other action taken where profits are excessive so that the customer gets a fair deal .

Despite the fact that regular maintenance was a statutory requirement and despite some successful legal actions to enforce the statutory provisions , regular dredging and attention to leaks were perfunctory or never carried out at all by canal companies owned by the railways .
despite the fact that regular maintenance was a statutory requirement and despite some successful legal actions to [carry out] the statutory provisions , regular dredging and attention to leaks were perfunctory or never carried out at all by canal companies owned by the railways .

In many cases , too , it is difficult to enforce whatever fishing recommendations are laid down .
in many cases , too , it is difficult to [carry out] whatever fishing recommendations are laid down .

We will enforce science-based controls on the use of chemicals in food production , and will maintain our policy of open access to information on pesticide safety .
we will [carry out] science-based controls on the use of chemicals in food production , and will maintain our policy of open access to information on pesticide safety .

In the new Parliament , we will legislate to enforce and enhance these rights .
in the new parliament , we will legislate to [carry out] and enhance these rights .

We will enforce effective pollution control regulations while helping farmers to meet the high standards required .
we will [carry out] effective pollution control regulations while helping farmers to meet the high standards required .

In the ancient Roman Empire , before Christianity acquired sufficient political power through the conversion of Constantine to enforce acceptance of its doctrines as a religious and political duty , there were many pagan critics who doubted , attacked and mocked its claims .
in the ancient roman empire , before christianity acquired sufficient political power through the conversion of constantine to [carry out] acceptance of its doctrines as a religious and political duty , there were many pagan critics who doubted , attacked and mocked its claims .

Those who anticipate that both will be granted will campaign for legislation to enforce a new schedule of environmental safeguards .
those who anticipate that both will be granted will campaign for legislation to [carry out] a new schedule of environmental safeguards .

His Lordship accepted Mr Bayliss 's submission that Order 5 , rule 5 did not give power to make an order for contribution in favour of a representative defendant against a member of the class which he was named as representing ; and that the only power it gave was that of giving leave to a person , in whose favour a judgment or order had been given or made , to enforce the judgment or order against a person not a party to the proceedings who was bound by the judgment or order .
his lordship accepted mr bayliss 's submission that order 5 , rule 5 did not give power to make an order for contribution in favour of a representative defendant against a member of the class which he was named as representing ; and that the only power it gave was that of giving leave to a person , in whose favour a judgment or order had been given or made , to [carry out] the judgment or order against a person not a party to the proceedings who was bound by the judgment or order .

It did not purport to enlarge the class of persons who might enforce the judgment or order and there was no basis for attributing any such intention or effect .
it did not purport to enlarge the class of persons who might [carry out] the judgment or order and there was no basis for attributing any such intention or effect .

If the court found the west London council had no powers to undertake them whatsoever , then ‘ the banks ’ private rights ' to enforce the deals would go .
if the court found the west london council had no powers to undertake them whatsoever , then ‘ the banks ’ private rights ' to [carry out] the deals would go .

The measures to enforce ‘ parental responsibility ’ will be included in a wide-ranging criminal justice White Paper in the next parliamentary session .
the measures to [carry out] ‘ parental responsibility ’ will be included in a wide-ranging criminal justice white paper in the next parliamentary session .

To enforce the pained impotent to smile .
to [carry out] the pained impotent to smile .

Via the channels of public announcements at times of political decision-making , the bishops seek to enforce official Roman catholic morality on all members of the state .
via the channels of public announcements at times of political decision-making , the bishops seek to [carry out] official roman catholic morality on all members of the state .

However , these increasingly centralized and expensive units only enforce control over a very narrow range of public or ‘ street visible ’ acts of social disorder .
however , these increasingly centralized and expensive units only [carry out] control over a very narrow range of public or ‘ street visible ’ acts of social disorder .

Some of the forty-three police units now have visibly autocratic chief officers who consistently spell out their public accountability yet pursue very personal perceptions of what they consider to be disorderly and what needs to be controlled , and such constructions of reality generate systems which enforce power differently from force to force .
some of the forty-three police units now have visibly autocratic chief officers who consistently spell out their public accountability yet pursue very personal perceptions of what they consider to be disorderly and what needs to be controlled , and such constructions of reality generate systems which [carry out] power differently from force to force .

Of course , the desire to obtain control of the written word has always been one indication of the autocratic mind . This fear of open debate continues even when the publication is by a retired officer and when control is less easy for the chief officer to enforce :
of course , the desire to obtain control of the written word has always been one indication of the autocratic mind . this fear of open debate continues even when the publication is by a retired officer and when control is less easy for the chief officer to [carry out] :

Mr Lawson asserted that the right to a trial without delay had long been established : see Magna Carta Chapter 40 : and such a fundamental principle was valueless unless a court had power to enforce it by not tolerating abuse of its process .
mr lawson asserted that the right to a trial without delay had long been established : see magna carta chapter 40 : and such a fundamental principle was valueless unless a court had power to [carry out] it by not tolerating abuse of its process .

Industry preparing for the Government legislation is luring inspectors away faster than they can be recruited to enforce it .
industry preparing for the government legislation is luring inspectors away faster than they can be recruited to [carry out] it .

Mr Patten has promised enough resources for the inspectorate to solve this problem but it may be years before it is strong enough to effectively enforce its new duties .
mr patten has promised enough resources for the inspectorate to solve this problem but it may be years before it is strong enough to effectively [carry out] its new duties .

The association 's 170 members will have to bear the brunt of new fees for proposed discharge licences and are demanding a strong inspectorate to enforce the legislation .
the association 's 170 members will have to bear the brunt of new fees for proposed discharge licences and are demanding a strong inspectorate to [carry out] the legislation .

We need a much larger and better resourced inspectorate to enforce it so it is fair and seen to be .
we need a much larger and better resourced inspectorate to [carry out] it so it is fair and seen to be .

It accepted that monogamy was inherent in Christianity and yet that there were polygamous societies where even the Church could not enforce the rule at once , and that the chief way forward lay in a progressive emancipation of women in those societies , especially in the sphere of education .
it accepted that monogamy was inherent in christianity and yet that there were polygamous societies where even the church could not [carry out] the rule at once , and that the chief way forward lay in a progressive emancipation of women in those societies , especially in the sphere of education .

To enforce conformity to the new orthodoxy , the Spaniards instituted ecclesiastical visitas , or inspections intended to extirpate the idolatory that persisted long after the conquest .
to [carry out] conformity to the new orthodoxy , the spaniards instituted ecclesiastical visitas , or inspections intended to extirpate the idolatory that persisted long after the conquest .

Only age restrictions , which would be costly to clubs already financially hard-pressed as well as being difficult to enforce , could stop this .
only age restrictions , which would be costly to clubs already financially hard-pressed as well as being difficult to [carry out] , could stop this .

For one thing , as Jardine points out , while on the one hand the shift of wealth to the mercantile classes was leading to the break-up of the dress code , and enabling the socially mobile to appropriate , for purposes of inclusion , what were supposed to be signs of their exclusion , it was also the case that those who had ‘ arrived ’ socially often wanted to enforce the code against those who had not .
for one thing , as jardine points out , while on the one hand the shift of wealth to the mercantile classes was leading to the break-up of the dress code , and enabling the socially mobile to appropriate , for purposes of inclusion , what were supposed to be signs of their exclusion , it was also the case that those who had ‘ arrived ’ socially often wanted to [carry out] the code against those who had not .

It was accepted that the British troops had used a substantial amount of violence and brutality to enforce the hand-over .
it was accepted that the british troops had used a substantial amount of violence and brutality to [carry out] the hand-over .

Until now , most judges had been reluctant to enforce the harsh and unjust laws directed against the Nonconformists .
until now , most judges had been reluctant to [carry out] the harsh and unjust laws directed against the nonconformists .

The Frankish king was expected to enforce the treaty imposed upon the Lombards by his father Pepin , and drive them back to their own territories .
the frankish king was expected to [carry out] the treaty imposed upon the lombards by his father pepin , and drive them back to their own territories .

For much of Charles ' reign Constantinople was under the control of relatively ineffectual rulers , and had many internal disputes and factions which made imperial interest in Italy difficult to enforce .
for much of charles ' reign constantinople was under the control of relatively ineffectual rulers , and had many internal disputes and factions which made imperial interest in italy difficult to [carry out] .

’ He was referring to the opposition leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , whose home on Inya lake , northern Rangoon , is surrounded by troops to enforce her house-arrest and General Ne Win , whose residence on the other side of the lake is also surrounded by troops and who rarely ventures out .
’ he was referring to the opposition leader , aung san suu kyi , whose home on inya lake , northern rangoon , is surrounded by troops to [carry out] her house-arrest and general ne win , whose residence on the other side of the lake is also surrounded by troops and who rarely ventures out .

Others attempted to alter it , or to enforce it when land was left by the will to the children alone , rather than as more usually to the widow or the widow and children jointly .
others attempted to alter it , or to [carry out] it when land was left by the will to the children alone , rather than as more usually to the widow or the widow and children jointly .

Alan Macfarlane has recently argued that the social pressure to enforce them was less strong in England than elsewhere .
alan macfarlane has recently argued that the social pressure to [carry out] them was less strong in england than elsewhere .

Some Poor Law Guardians made attempts to enforce the new legal obligations which the 1834 Poor Law imposed on children to support their parents with money .
some poor law guardians made attempts to [carry out] the new legal obligations which the 1834 poor law imposed on children to support their parents with money .

Nick 's stunning selection of fashion photographs , taken while on location in Miami , certainly enforce his feeling that Miami is the place to be as a fashion photographer .
nick 's stunning selection of fashion photographs , taken while on location in miami , certainly [carry out] his feeling that miami is the place to be as a fashion photographer .

Politicians are reluctant to popularise or enforce measures against which many campaigned prior to Independence and ‘ the majority of farmers remain unaware of the causes of erosion and unconvinced of the need for or value of conservation measures ’ ( ibid .
politicians are reluctant to popularise or [carry out] measures against which many campaigned prior to independence and ‘ the majority of farmers remain unaware of the causes of erosion and unconvinced of the need for or value of conservation measures ’ ( ibid .

It was inevitable that with the unpopularity of Israeli rule , the use of mukhtars to enforce unwelcome regulations and the exposure of the village workforce to a less traditional culture in their place of work , the system lost credibility .
it was inevitable that with the unpopularity of israeli rule , the use of mukhtars to [carry out] unwelcome regulations and the exposure of the village workforce to a less traditional culture in their place of work , the system lost credibility .

Their proposals established the amount of child maintenance and a Child Support Agency to assess , collect and enforce maintenance payments .
their proposals established the amount of child maintenance and a child support agency to assess , collect and [carry out] maintenance payments .

In particular , the process of consultation , and the provision within the Act to challenge service charges , were felt to be very difficult to enforce .
in particular , the process of consultation , and the provision within the act to challenge service charges , were felt to be very difficult to [carry out] .

Respondents identified a number of procedural deficiencies in the Act which was said to lack sufficient powers to enforce compliance .
respondents identified a number of procedural deficiencies in the act which was said to lack sufficient powers to [carry out] compliance .

But it should be possible to create and enforce enough common rules to prevent the absurd see-sawing of industrial relations legislation we have seen since 1969 .
but it should be possible to create and [carry out] enough common rules to prevent the absurd see-sawing of industrial relations legislation we have seen since 1969 .

Four months after the People 's Liberation Army stormed central Peking with the loss of hundreds of lives , few can have any doubt about the party 's determination to enforce this Maoist maxim .
four months after the people 's liberation army stormed central peking with the loss of hundreds of lives , few can have any doubt about the party 's determination to [carry out] this maoist maxim .

The British poet Charles Tomlinson has cited this piece to enforce his contention that ‘ There is no occasion too small for the poet 's celebration ’ .
the british poet charles tomlinson has cited this piece to [carry out] his contention that ‘ there is no occasion too small for the poet 's celebration ’ .

The attempt to enforce an evaluative criticism in the academy inevitably results in rigidity and dogmatism and , ultimately , a form of brainwashing .
the attempt to [carry out] an evaluative criticism in the academy inevitably results in rigidity and dogmatism and , ultimately , a form of brainwashing .

Deadlines to enforce provisions of 1986 regulations to control use of pesticides have been missed , and help to develop organic farming refused .
deadlines to [carry out] provisions of 1986 regulations to control use of pesticides have been missed , and help to develop organic farming refused .

Some described the existing ‘ Brezhnevite ’ constitution as outdated , and said it would be undemocratic to enforce compliance with it .
some described the existing ‘ brezhnevite ’ constitution as outdated , and said it would be undemocratic to [carry out] compliance with it .

But it was the duty of the courts to enforce the laws made by Parliament .
but it was the duty of the courts to [carry out] the laws made by parliament .

He asked Office minister David Mellor whether he still wished or instructed local authorities to enforce the law as it now stands .
he asked office minister david mellor whether he still wished or instructed local authorities to [carry out] the law as it now stands .

We do not , however , see it as the school 's place to enforce the accent known as Received Pronunciation .
we do not , however , see it as the school 's place to [carry out] the accent known as received pronunciation .

This is not enough to show that anyone can have authority to introduce or enforce such a scheme .
this is not enough to show that anyone can have authority to introduce or [carry out] such a scheme .

The importance of the law in such matters is in creating a centre of power which makes it possible to enforce moral duties .
the importance of the law in such matters is in creating a centre of power which makes it possible to [carry out] moral duties .

It manipulates the environment , and it is able to enforce moral duties on those who are inclined to disregard them .
it manipulates the environment , and it is able to [carry out] moral duties on those who are inclined to disregard them .

Indeed , the national is often a concept used deliberately to conceal conflict over the issues , to force one kind of unity around an existing status quo ( and if the arguments do not achieve unity , troops can be used to enforce it on the recalcitrants ) .
indeed , the national is often a concept used deliberately to conceal conflict over the issues , to force one kind of unity around an existing status quo ( and if the arguments do not achieve unity , troops can be used to [carry out] it on the recalcitrants ) .

Insofar as there is uniformity between the members of a nation , it is the result of nationalism ( and usually the creation of a State to enforce uniformity ) not the cause .
insofar as there is uniformity between the members of a nation , it is the result of nationalism ( and usually the creation of a state to [carry out] uniformity ) not the cause .

In summary , the main points this chapter has attempted to make are the following : ( i ) In the European origins of the formation of modern States , nationalism was a means to establish the loyalty of populations and enforce some measure of homogeneity ( against the local particularisms of earlier times ) .
in summary , the main points this chapter has attempted to make are the following : ( i ) in the european origins of the formation of modern states , nationalism was a means to establish the loyalty of populations and [carry out] some measure of homogeneity ( against the local particularisms of earlier times ) .

The Magyar response to Vienna 's imposition of German was to try to enforce upon their non-Hungarian-speaking subjects the use of Hungarian .
the magyar response to vienna 's imposition of german was to try to [carry out] upon their non-hungarian-speaking subjects the use of hungarian .

But it was short-lived and the State soon sought once again to enforce ‘ homogeneity ’ .
but it was short-lived and the state soon sought once again to [carry out] ‘ homogeneity ’ .

To impose a common curriculum is one thing ; to enforce the testing of children in this curriculum at specific ages is quite another .
to impose a common curriculum is one thing ; to [carry out] the testing of children in this curriculum at specific ages is quite another .

If so , do we need our ethical and legal rules to continue to respect and enforce this distinction ?
if so , do we need our ethical and legal rules to continue to respect and [carry out] this distinction ?

The new democratic notions of his countrymen clearly made the traditionally harsh maritime discipline difficult to enforce .
the new democratic notions of his countrymen clearly made the traditionally harsh maritime discipline difficult to [carry out] .

In addition , the party groups often appoint Whips , whose job it is not just to enforce party discipline , but by operating what is referred to in Parliamentary jargon as ‘ the usual channels ’ can assist in the smooth running of the authority , by , for example , effecting agreements on nominations to committees or outside bodies .
in addition , the party groups often appoint whips , whose job it is not just to [carry out] party discipline , but by operating what is referred to in parliamentary jargon as ‘ the usual channels ’ can assist in the smooth running of the authority , by , for example , effecting agreements on nominations to committees or outside bodies .

Such an act could be accompanied by a Commission against Age Discrimination both to help enforce the legislation and promote equal opportunities for people regardless of age .
such an act could be accompanied by a commission against age discrimination both to help [carry out] the legislation and promote equal opportunities for people regardless of age .

This , coupled with the notion of the magistrate as being responsible for enforcement of the judgments handed down by himself or his deputy , would surely suggest that he could give judgment for performance and enforce it specifically .
this , coupled with the notion of the magistrate as being responsible for enforcement of the judgments handed down by himself or his deputy , would surely suggest that he could give judgment for performance and [carry out] it specifically .

Some superiors were more zealous than others to enforce the disciplinary code .
some superiors were more zealous than others to [carry out] the disciplinary code .

Given the possibility for agreement , albeit confused and for different reasons , from both left and right , legislation to enforce a National Curriculum should have come as no surprise to the educational world .
given the possibility for agreement , albeit confused and for different reasons , from both left and right , legislation to [carry out] a national curriculum should have come as no surprise to the educational world .

An injunction was granted in that case to enforce that duty ordering the owner to maintain a hoarding around a vacant piece of his land or find some other way to prevent trespassers from using and depositing filth and refuse there , which amongst other things , gave rise to foul odours .
an injunction was granted in that case to [carry out] that duty ordering the owner to maintain a hoarding around a vacant piece of his land or find some other way to prevent trespassers from using and depositing filth and refuse there , which amongst other things , gave rise to foul odours .

Positive regulations requiring the developer to install equipment to prevent , and or abate odour pollution would probably be unenforceable as s.52 ( 2 ) , which overcomes the limitations of privity of contract , does so by the fiction of placing the local authority in the same position as a landowner entitled to enforce a convenant against an adjoining landowner .
positive regulations requiring the developer to install equipment to prevent , and or abate odour pollution would probably be unenforceable as s.52 ( 2 ) , which overcomes the limitations of privity of contract , does so by the fiction of placing the local authority in the same position as a landowner entitled to [carry out] a convenant against an adjoining landowner .

In practice reliance is placed on s.33 of the Local Government ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1982 which provides the local authority with an express power to enforce positive obligations against successors in title .
in practice reliance is placed on s.33 of the local government ( miscellaneous provisions ) act 1982 which provides the local authority with an express power to [carry out] positive obligations against successors in title .

In the short term , the centre can make cuts in public service provision and enforce its own policy aims in every local area .
in the short term , the centre can make cuts in public service provision and [carry out] its own policy aims in every local area .

That an injunction should be granted to enforce the competition rules
that an injunction should be granted to [carry out] the competition rules

Additional hurdles are that company filing requirements are not always complied with and powers to enforce such requirements do not always exist in national law .
additional hurdles are that company filing requirements are not always complied with and powers to [carry out] such requirements do not always exist in national law .

The Merger Regulation removes the Commission 's power to enforce Articles 85 and 86 ( leaving it with only residual powers to apply those articles ) in respect of all ‘ concentrations ’ whether or not they fall within the turnover thresholds .
the merger regulation removes the commission 's power to [carry out] articles 85 and 86 ( leaving it with only residual powers to apply those articles ) in respect of all ‘ concentrations ’ whether or not they fall within the turnover thresholds .

The committal order was for failing to attend court for examination of his means in proceedings to enforce judgement debts against him .
the committal order was for failing to attend court for examination of his means in proceedings to [carry out] judgement debts against him .

The lord of the manor of Seamer was entitled to receive ‘ … Pollage , Package , Stallage , and Standage ’ , but as the king 's representative he had also to enforce the law and maintain the peace at the fair .
the lord of the manor of seamer was entitled to receive ‘ … pollage , package , stallage , and standage ’ , but as the king 's representative he had also to [carry out] the law and maintain the peace at the fair .

Proclamation of the fair was necessary to make it known and enforce its holding on the specified date .
proclamation of the fair was necessary to make it known and [carry out] its holding on the specified date .

Few countries have satisfactory legislation on pesticides or the trained manpower to enforce it .
few countries have satisfactory legislation on pesticides or the trained manpower to [carry out] it .

His job was to enforce the modest provisions of the 1882 Ancient Monuments Protection Act , which tried to prevent vandalism or wholesale destruction of ancient British sites , Stonehenge among them .
his job was to [carry out] the modest provisions of the 1882 ancient monuments protection act , which tried to prevent vandalism or wholesale destruction of ancient british sites , stonehenge among them .

But in the real world there is no outside agency to enforce cooperation between the ‘ players ’ in the game , With no kind of ‘ super superpower ’ to make sure that the players stand by any mutually beneficial agreement , the temptation to renege remains a powerful factor .
but in the real world there is no outside agency to [carry out] cooperation between the ‘ players ’ in the game , with no kind of ‘ super superpower ’ to make sure that the players stand by any mutually beneficial agreement , the temptation to renege remains a powerful factor .

There was no legislation to enforce the use of the safety lamp and many miners did not like it because it did not give out as much light as a candle .
there was no legislation to [carry out] the use of the safety lamp and many miners did not like it because it did not give out as much light as a candle .

For centuries , the Clan Campbell had been the enemies of Clan Macdonald and to ensure that no mercy was shown to the Macdonalds of Glencoe , the Campbells of Glen Lyon were instructed by Dalrymple to enforce the orders .
for centuries , the clan campbell had been the enemies of clan macdonald and to ensure that no mercy was shown to the macdonalds of glencoe , the campbells of glen lyon were instructed by dalrymple to [carry out] the orders .

The barons were comparatively few in number ; the Church formally forbade them to marry their sixth cousins or any nearer relatives , and seriously attempted to enforce the prohibition on third cousins ; and even though they did not always accept this limitation , it meant that they looked far and wide in their own class for marriage alliances .
the barons were comparatively few in number ; the church formally forbade them to marry their sixth cousins or any nearer relatives , and seriously attempted to [carry out] the prohibition on third cousins ; and even though they did not always accept this limitation , it meant that they looked far and wide in their own class for marriage alliances .

Government policy was , and is , to maintain urban densities to conserve farming land , and when the developers won an appeal on the second half at a density of twelve houses per acre , the developer asked the district council whether , in view of the Secretary of State 's decision , they would agree to waive the restriction ( which they could still enforce if they wished under the Section 52 agreement ) ; this the district council agreed to do .
government policy was , and is , to maintain urban densities to conserve farming land , and when the developers won an appeal on the second half at a density of twelve houses per acre , the developer asked the district council whether , in view of the secretary of state 's decision , they would agree to waive the restriction ( which they could still [carry out] if they wished under the section 52 agreement ) ; this the district council agreed to do .

Parents can not always be on the spot to point out the sensible course of action , to remind children about the rules or to enforce them .
parents can not always be on the spot to point out the sensible course of action , to remind children about the rules or to [carry out] them .

In other words , you enforce the performance of a new behaviour in the situation where you want it to become routine .
in other words , you [carry out] the performance of a new behaviour in the situation where you want it to become routine .

Even where there are national forest-management policies they are often difficult to enforce , especially where other interests , notably the potential of forest products to earn foreign currency , are involved .
even where there are national forest-management policies they are often difficult to [carry out] , especially where other interests , notably the potential of forest products to earn foreign currency , are involved .

More covert reasons may also underlie the inability ( or reticence ) of government forest agencies in developing countries to enforce regulations .
more covert reasons may also underlie the inability ( or reticence ) of government forest agencies in developing countries to [carry out] regulations .

For the federal government , the Fair Labor Standards Act and its regulations specify the standards and enforcement procedures.25 Sole reliance on traditional government enforcement activities has serious limitations.26 The Department of Labor has fewer than 800 investigators to enforce employment statutes for 800,000 apparel industry employees in about 24,000 establishments , not to mention the other 122 million employees in 6.5 million workplaces around the country .
for the federal government , the fair labor standards act and its regulations specify the standards and enforcement procedures.25 sole reliance on traditional government enforcement activities has serious limitations.26 the department of labor has fewer than 800 investigators to [carry out] employment statutes for 800,000 apparel industry employees in about 24,000 establishments , not to mention the other 122 million employees in 6.5 million workplaces around the country .

All three grant the power to Congress to enforce the basic framework “ with appropriate legislation. ” True , the new Congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original Constitution .
all three grant the power to congress to [carry out] the basic framework “ with appropriate legislation. ” true , the new congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original constitution .

No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States .
no state shall make or [carry out] any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the united states .

The conclusion : If the wrongdoing was purely social or private , then the federal government could not punish it under legislation designed to enforce the Fourteenth Amendment .
the conclusion : if the wrongdoing was purely social or private , then the federal government could not punish it under legislation designed to [carry out] the fourteenth amendment .

Exemption from race discrimination in respect of the civil rights which are fundamental in citizenship in a republican government , is , as we have seen , a new right , created by the nation , with express power in Congress , by legislation , to enforce the constitutional provision from which it is derived .
exemption from race discrimination in respect of the civil rights which are fundamental in citizenship in a republican government , is , as we have seen , a new right , created by the nation , with express power in congress , by legislation , to [carry out] the constitutional provision from which it is derived .

Missing was not the constitutional language but the will to enforce it .
missing was not the constitutional language but the will to [carry out] it .

The mechanism for implementing these exhortations would be the new grant of congressional authority in the final clause of the new amendments : “ The Congress shall have power to enforce , by appropriate legislation , the provisions of [ these articles ] . ” A more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order .
the mechanism for implementing these exhortations would be the new grant of congressional authority in the final clause of the new amendments : “ the congress shall have power to [carry out] , by appropriate legislation , the provisions of [ these articles ] . ” a more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order .

Lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .
lacking the means to [carry out] its decision , the united nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the british withdrew their troops in 1948 .

There was no more gambling , prostitutes were arrested , and men and women were segregated in the public bathhouses , with naked government spies to enforce the ( short-lived ) new rules .
there was no more gambling , prostitutes were arrested , and men and women were segregated in the public bathhouses , with naked government spies to [carry out] the ( short-lived ) new rules .

In 1567 he sent the Duke of Alva to enforce heavy taxes and military rule on Amsterdam .
in 1567 he sent the duke of alva to [carry out] heavy taxes and military rule on amsterdam .

In 1906 a force of mainly Moluccan troops led by Dutch officers marched on Denpasar to enforce compliance .
in 1906 a force of mainly moluccan troops led by dutch officers marched on denpasar to [carry out] compliance .

The study also demands that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and Colorado Department of Agriculture better enforce the 10- year-old laws , collectively called the Worker Protection Standard .
the study also demands that the u.s. environmental protection agency and colorado department of agriculture better [carry out] the 10- year-old laws , collectively called the worker protection standard .

Legal service programs are the only solution for thousands of disenfranchised Washingtonians who need to assert and enforce their rights on matters of sheer survival .
legal service programs are the only solution for thousands of disenfranchised washingtonians who need to assert and [carry out] their rights on matters of sheer survival .

Advocacy help is needed to increase the quantity and quality of housing for low-income people , reduce unlawful discrimination and enforce the residential landlord tenant act in the face of evictions .
advocacy help is needed to increase the quantity and quality of housing for low-income people , reduce unlawful discrimination and [carry out] the residential landlord tenant act in the face of evictions .

Many patients are uninsured or carry policies that do not enforce this provision .
many patients are uninsured or carry policies that do not [carry out] this provision .

IDPA has an Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) that helps enforce policies and investigates misconduct in the Medicaid , Food Stamp , and welfare programs administered by IDPA and IDHS .
idpa has an office of inspector general ( oig ) that helps [carry out] policies and investigates misconduct in the medicaid , food stamp , and welfare programs administered by idpa and idhs .

Some of these purposes are related to the Government 's powers to raise taxes , which are nonexchange revenue , and to enforce laws .
some of these purposes are related to the government 's powers to raise taxes , which are nonexchange revenue , and to [carry out] laws .

This situation has adversely affected the SEC 's ability to adequately enforce the securities laws and also its ability to invest in technology to more efficiently manage its workload .
this situation has adversely affected the sec 's ability to adequately [carry out] the securities laws and also its ability to invest in technology to more efficiently manage its workload .

It is also important to keep in mind the role of the regulator in this process since the public needs to have confidence in the regulators to enforce rules .
it is also important to keep in mind the role of the regulator in this process since the public needs to have confidence in the regulators to [carry out] rules .

This will be the first time that GAO has filed suit to enforce our access rights against a federal official .
this will be the first time that gao has filed suit to [carry out] our access rights against a federal official .

INS estimates that the cost to enforce the requirement to detain all criminal aliens will be at least $ 205 million , consisting of $ 65,284,000 for personnel and nonpersonnel costs of $ 139,732,000 .
ins estimates that the cost to [carry out] the requirement to detain all criminal aliens will be at least $ 205 million , consisting of $ 65,284,000 for personnel and nonpersonnel costs of $ 139,732,000 .

Control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that enforce management 's directives , such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and execution .
control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that [carry out] management 's directives , such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and execution .

If the agency head does not provide the record within 20 calendar days of the report 's filing , the statute authorizes the Comptroller General to bring a civil action in federal district court to enforce GAO 's access rights .
if the agency head does not provide the record within 20 calendar days of the report 's filing , the statute authorizes the comptroller general to bring a civil action in federal district court to [carry out] gao 's access rights .

The rule also sets forth the procedures that apply to states that choose to implement a mechanism under state law , as an alternative to the federal requirements with respect to guaranteed availability for GAO/OGC-97-38 eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially enforce the statutory requirements .
the rule also sets forth the procedures that apply to states that choose to implement a mechanism under state law , as an alternative to the federal requirements with respect to guaranteed availability for gao/ogc-97-38 eligible individuals and the rules that apply if a state does not substantially [carry out] the statutory requirements .

In addition , self-help , multilingual computer kiosks have overcome language barriers to help Native Americans living on reservations - and Vietnamese and Spanish immigrants in California - enforce their legal rights without knowing a word of English .
in addition , self-help , multilingual computer kiosks have overcome language barriers to help native americans living on reservations - and vietnamese and spanish immigrants in california - [carry out] their legal rights without knowing a word of english .

The statutory protections set forth in the H-2A program , and the provision of legal representation to H-2A workers to enforce these rights , thus were intended to accomplish two purposes : to protect foreign workers from exploitation , and to ensure that the employment of such workers would not depress the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers .
the statutory protections set forth in the h-2a program , and the provision of legal representation to h-2a workers to [carry out] these rights , thus were intended to accomplish two purposes : to protect foreign workers from exploitation , and to ensure that the employment of such workers would not depress the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers .

Workers whose employer fails to provide them with a copy of the employment contract will be unaware of their rights during the period of employment and thus unable to enforce them .
workers whose employer fails to provide them with a copy of the employment contract will be unaware of their rights during the period of employment and thus unable to [carry out] them .

Government Agency Enforcement In alien agricultural worker cases , including cases involving H-2A workers , state and federal government agencies are unable to fully enforce a worker 's legal rights .
government agency enforcement in alien agricultural worker cases , including cases involving h-2a workers , state and federal government agencies are unable to fully [carry out] a worker 's legal rights .

The USDOL lacks adequate resources to enforce its regulations , April Testimony at 57 ( testimony of Jack Londen , Attorney at Law ) , and has a long history of weak enforcement of the H-2A program .
the usdol lacks adequate resources to [carry out] its regulations , april testimony at 57 ( testimony of jack londen , attorney at law ) , and has a long history of weak enforcement of the h-2a program .

In 1991 a congressional committee found that USDOL failed to enforce the rights of both H-2A and United States workers .
in 1991 a congressional committee found that usdol failed to [carry out] the rights of both h-2a and united states workers .

The fact is the history of the abuses in that H-2 program , which has been documented time and time again , can not be corrected without effective representation , as you could easily contemplate guest workers coming here for a short period of time , hoping to come back again , anxious to pick up a wage considerably higher than the wage they might be making in their own country , have no individual ability and no effective collective ability to enforce the protections that the U.S. law is supposed to guarantee them .
the fact is the history of the abuses in that h-2 program , which has been documented time and time again , can not be corrected without effective representation , as you could easily contemplate guest workers coming here for a short period of time , hoping to come back again , anxious to pick up a wage considerably higher than the wage they might be making in their own country , have no individual ability and no effective collective ability to [carry out] the protections that the u.s. law is supposed to guarantee them .

Representative Schumer agreed : [ Y ] ou can give people all the rights you want , but if they have no way to enforce those rights , those rights are meaningless .
representative schumer agreed : [ y ] ou can give people all the rights you want , but if they have no way to [carry out] those rights , those rights are meaningless .

Representative Morrison also stressed the importance of giving H-2A aliens `` a realistic way to enforce their rights . ''
representative morrison also stressed the importance of giving h-2a aliens `` a realistic way to [carry out] their rights . ''

Furthermore , the availability of legal services for H-2A workers from non-LSC funded nonprofit organizations and private attorneys is extremely limited ; and government agencies either lack the resources or the legal authority to enforce the statutory rights of these workers .
furthermore , the availability of legal services for h-2a workers from non-lsc funded nonprofit organizations and private attorneys is extremely limited ; and government agencies either lack the resources or the legal authority to [carry out] the statutory rights of these workers .

As part of its mission within the state 's civil justice community , Columbia Legal Services is responsible for providing lowincome people in Washington State with the ability to define , assert , promote and enforce a full range of legal rights within Washington 's civil justice system .
as part of its mission within the state 's civil justice community , columbia legal services is responsible for providing lowincome people in washington state with the ability to define , assert , promote and [carry out] a full range of legal rights within washington 's civil justice system .

At this point , the government only has to enforce the emission limits , distribute allowances and verify that each facility has sufficient allowances for their annual emissions .
at this point , the government only has to [carry out] the emission limits , distribute allowances and verify that each facility has sufficient allowances for their annual emissions .

There 's no need for lengthy , costly , uncertain litigation to enforce the law .
there 's no need for lengthy , costly , uncertain litigation to [carry out] the law .

If the Administrator finds the State procedure is adequate , the Administrator shall delegate to such State any authority the Administrator has under this Act to implement and enforce such standards .
if the administrator finds the state procedure is adequate , the administrator shall delegate to such state any authority the administrator has under this act to implement and [carry out] such standards .

From 1999 through early 2001 , the United States , and President Clinton personally , pressed the UAE , one of the Taliban 's only travel and financial outlets to the outside world , to break off its ties and enforce sanctions , especially those relating to flights to and from Afghanistan .
from 1999 through early 2001 , the united states , and president clinton personally , pressed the uae , one of the taliban 's only travel and financial outlets to the outside world , to break off its ties and [carry out] sanctions , especially those relating to flights to and from afghanistan .

The CENTCOM commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to Iraqi moves shortly after 9/11 , both because he personally felt that Iraq and al Qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that Saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of Iraq , where the United States was flying regular missions to enforce Iraqi no-fly zones .
the centcom commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to iraqi moves shortly after 9/11 , both because he personally felt that iraq and al qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of iraq , where the united states was flying regular missions to [carry out] iraqi no-fly zones .

It is not needed if our other recommendations are adopted-to establish a strong national intelligence center , part of the NCTC , that will oversee counterterrorism intelligence work , foreign and domestic , and to create a National Intelligence Director who can set and enforce standards for the collection , processing , and reporting of information .
it is not needed if our other recommendations are adopted-to establish a strong national intelligence center , part of the nctc , that will oversee counterterrorism intelligence work , foreign and domestic , and to create a national intelligence director who can set and [carry out] standards for the collection , processing , and reporting of information .

Under current practices , air carriers enforce government orders to stop certain known and suspected terrorists from boarding commercial flights and to apply secondary screening procedures to others .
under current practices , air carriers [carry out] government orders to stop certain known and suspected terrorists from boarding commercial flights and to apply secondary screening procedures to others .

Shortcomings of registries include the fact that they are often not coordinated and that participation is often voluntary and—in cases where they are mandated by legislation—difficult to enforce .
shortcomings of registries include the fact that they are often not coordinated and that participation is often voluntary and—in cases where they are mandated by legislation—difficult to [carry out] .

Even as journals strive to better enforce their conflicts-of-interest disclosure rules , drug companies will strive to find or create other publication outlets that can communicate to physicians precisely what advertisers wish to communicate .
even as journals strive to better [carry out] their conflicts-of-interest disclosure rules , drug companies will strive to find or create other publication outlets that can communicate to physicians precisely what advertisers wish to communicate .

While the acceptance of a paper can enforce the submission of data to a central data repository , such as EMBL ( www.ebi.ac.uk/embl/ ) or ArrayExpress ( www.ebi.ac.uk/arrayexpress/ ) , nobody receives credit for the submission of a fact to a database without an associated publication .
while the acceptance of a paper can [carry out] the submission of data to a central data repository , such as embl ( www.ebi.ac.uk/embl/ ) or arrayexpress ( www.ebi.ac.uk/arrayexpress/ ) , nobody receives credit for the submission of a fact to a database without an associated publication .

Perhaps the polar bodies function to somehow enforce some maternal or family interest , nipping in the bud some sibling rivalry that would otherwise suppress the family 's fitness .
perhaps the polar bodies function to somehow [carry out] some maternal or family interest , nipping in the bud some sibling rivalry that would otherwise suppress the family 's fitness .

Rather than implement a new policy , Clinton is expected to push military officials to better enforce the current one .
rather than implement a new policy , clinton is expected to push military officials to better [carry out] the current one .

The New York Times runs this inside , leading instead with the trend in many states to aggressively enforce truancy laws that threaten parents with fines and jail time .
the new york times runs this inside , leading instead with the trend in many states to aggressively [carry out] truancy laws that threaten parents with fines and jail time .

Clinton 's State of the Union proposal to semi-privatize Social Security may be getting most of the press , but his plan to penalize states with the loss of federal education dollars if they fail to enforce strict academic standards was by far the most interesting policy initiative unveiled in his Tuesday speech .
clinton 's state of the union proposal to semi-privatize social security may be getting most of the press , but his plan to penalize states with the loss of federal education dollars if they fail to [carry out] strict academic standards was by far the most interesting policy initiative unveiled in his tuesday speech .

An easy way to do this would be to enforce strict limits on the percentage of voucher tenants allowed in any one building .
an easy way to do this would be to [carry out] strict limits on the percentage of voucher tenants allowed in any one building .

President Clinton says U.S. planes will continue to enforce the no-fly zones to prevent Iraq from using air power to prey on its domestic or foreign enemies .
president clinton says u.s. planes will continue to [carry out] the no-fly zones to prevent iraq from using air power to prey on its domestic or foreign enemies .

It may be natural for businesses to create and exploit monopolies whenever they have the opportunity , but that is why we have , and need to enforce , antitrust legislation .
it may be natural for businesses to create and exploit monopolies whenever they have the opportunity , but that is why we have , and need to [carry out] , antitrust legislation .

There are very few ideas left at this point that are awesome or frightening enough for us to enforce a taboo against them .
there are very few ideas left at this point that are awesome or frightening enough for us to [carry out] a taboo against them .

If the government wanted to , it could buy SurfWatch ( for a fraction of what it would cost to enforce the CDA ) and give it away to parents .
if the government wanted to , it could buy surfwatch ( for a fraction of what it would cost to [carry out] the cda ) and give it away to parents .

The WTO should consider the environment but not use trade sanctions to enforce environmental agreements .
the wto should consider the environment but not use trade sanctions to [carry out] environmental agreements .

Instead , her Justice Department has had to enforce an expanded federal death penalty , throw more people in federal prison for longer sentences , punish juvenile criminals more harshly , support mandatory minimums and the crack/powder disparity , and double the size of the Border Patrol .
instead , her justice department has had to [carry out] an expanded federal death penalty , throw more people in federal prison for longer sentences , punish juvenile criminals more harshly , support mandatory minimums and the crack/powder disparity , and double the size of the border patrol .

Hollywood was told to clean up its act , and theater owners were urged to enforce the ratings system , to avoid exposing young people to sex and violence .
hollywood was told to clean up its act , and theater owners were urged to [carry out] the ratings system , to avoid exposing young people to sex and violence .

They argued that the best safeguard against proliferation was the previously ratified Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and that Clinton was sending a `` green light '' by failing to enforce that pact .
they argued that the best safeguard against proliferation was the previously ratified nuclear nonproliferation treaty and that clinton was sending a `` green light '' by failing to [carry out] that pact .

The LAT fronts a report about tighter rules regarding personal uses of office computers and how companies are increasingly using sophisticated tracking technology to enforce them .
the lat fronts a report about tighter rules regarding personal uses of office computers and how companies are increasingly using sophisticated tracking technology to [carry out] them .

A new idea developed : We had to enforce a balance between individual liberty and personal responsibility -- certainly with nurturing and moral authority , but even with state authority .
a new idea developed : we had to [carry out] a balance between individual liberty and personal responsibility -- certainly with nurturing and moral authority , but even with state authority .

Until the 1990s , the U.S. had little incentive to do so , since the economy was sufficiently dominant in its trade relationships to enforce English units on its partners .
until the 1990s , the u.s. had little incentive to do so , since the economy was sufficiently dominant in its trade relationships to [carry out] english units on its partners .

Since procedural niceties seem arbitrary and irrelevant to fact-finding , there is little motivation to enforce the rules , and people often find ways of bending rules that they regard as arbitrary and silly .
since procedural niceties seem arbitrary and irrelevant to fact-finding , there is little motivation to [carry out] the rules , and people often find ways of bending rules that they regard as arbitrary and silly .

Those who make and enforce the law have a special obligation not to flout it .
those who make and [carry out] the law have a special obligation not to flout it .

Enforce that principle , and some of those on welfare will go to work .
[carry out] that principle , and some of those on welfare will go to work .

Use of the Delta Force at Waco is controversial because of the 1878 Posse Comitatus Act , which makes it illegal to use federal troops to enforce laws within U.S. territory , except when a presidential waiver is granted .
use of the delta force at waco is controversial because of the 1878 posse comitatus act , which makes it illegal to use federal troops to [carry out] laws within u.s. territory , except when a presidential waiver is granted .

Opponents of gun control blame federal authorities for failing to enforce existing laws .
opponents of gun control blame federal authorities for failing to [carry out] existing laws .

The `` cupid cops , '' who work in human resources departments , help companies draft and enforce rules on office romance .
the `` cupid cops , '' who work in human resources departments , help companies draft and [carry out] rules on office romance .

An editorial calls for unilateral military action by the United States to enforce inspection of Iraq 's weapons plants if the United Nations backs down .
an editorial calls for unilateral military action by the united states to [carry out] inspection of iraq 's weapons plants if the united nations backs down .

If the United Nations fails to enforce inspections here , when it has a clear mission and broad powers , its authority will be challenged in the future .
if the united nations fails to [carry out] inspections here , when it has a clear mission and broad powers , its authority will be challenged in the future .

When public outrage prompted the AMA to wriggle free of the Sunbeam deal last week , Dunlap threatened to sue the association to enforce the contract .
when public outrage prompted the ama to wriggle free of the sunbeam deal last week , dunlap threatened to sue the association to [carry out] the contract .

Martin Luther King Jr. himself copyrighted the `` I Have a Dream '' speech two days after he delivered it , and he sued a record company to enforce the copyright .
martin luther king jr. himself copyrighted the `` i have a dream '' speech two days after he delivered it , and he sued a record company to [carry out] the copyright .

Surowiecki is right in saying that technology makes complicated things simpler to enforce ; but it 's also true that in our very complicated world , the simple-is-beautiful mantra has increasing cultural appeal .
surowiecki is right in saying that technology makes complicated things simpler to [carry out] ; but it 's also true that in our very complicated world , the simple-is-beautiful mantra has increasing cultural appeal .

My point is not that the 40,000-page tax code is n't easier to enforce with technology .
my point is not that the 40,000-page tax code is n't easier to [carry out] with technology .

Only a contract can do that : a contract of permanent future employment , which the employer can call upon the government to use its powers to enforce , if necessary .
only a contract can do that : a contract of permanent future employment , which the employer can call upon the government to use its powers to [carry out] , if necessary .

Courts have equated discriminatory speech with discriminatory action , causing lawsuit-shy employers to enforce `` speech codes . ''
courts have equated discriminatory speech with discriminatory action , causing lawsuit-shy employers to [carry out] `` speech codes . ''

The United States should consider campaign-spending caps and give the Federal Election Commission teeth to enforce campaign laws , the Economist writes .
the united states should consider campaign-spending caps and give the federal election commission teeth to [carry out] campaign laws , the economist writes .

The reason it 's back in the news is that legislation drafted by Democrats that requires federal standards for health insurance plans and an appeals process to enforce them will be taken up when Congress returns from recess next week .
the reason it 's back in the news is that legislation drafted by democrats that requires federal standards for health insurance plans and an appeals process to [carry out] them will be taken up when congress returns from recess next week .

They were supposed to be better this year but have found ways to enforce the tradition of mediocrity .
they were supposed to be better this year but have found ways to [carry out] the tradition of mediocrity .

For now the only practical way to enforce health standards on the product is to enforce sanitary standards on its production .
for now the only practical way to [carry out] health standards on the product is to [carry out] sanitary standards on its production .

Murray 's more laconic account is based upon a classical liberal argument : Force is bad ; cooperation is good ; government is force ; ergo , the only legitimate functions of government are to enforce voluntary agreements , and to prevent force and fraud .
murray 's more laconic account is based upon a classical liberal argument : force is bad ; cooperation is good ; government is force ; ergo , the only legitimate functions of government are to [carry out] voluntary agreements , and to prevent force and fraud .

In return , the country would enforce the property rights with the nation 's police power .
in return , the country would [carry out] the property rights with the nation 's police power .

Earl Johnson 's Single Life : Being Your Best for God as He Prepares His Best for You assures black women that their single status , which demographics may brutally enforce , can be `` a celebration rather than a burden . ''
earl johnson 's single life : being your best for god as he prepares his best for you assures black women that their single status , which demographics may brutally [carry out] , can be `` a celebration rather than a burden . ''

The FDA may have no current plans to dispatch referees to our bedrooms to enforce safe sex , but when it does , you can be sure it will be in the guise of protecting children .
the fda may have no current plans to dispatch referees to our bedrooms to [carry out] safe sex , but when it does , you can be sure it will be in the guise of protecting children .

Any such agreement would be impossible to enforce , which ( if the `` pecking order '' hypothesis is true ) is a failure of the marketplace .
any such agreement would be impossible to [carry out] , which ( if the `` pecking order '' hypothesis is true ) is a failure of the marketplace .

In an interview with the French Sunday newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche , Russian Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov said Moscow would be willing to send troops under U.N. command to enforce a peace accord in Kosovo .
in an interview with the french sunday newspaper le journal du dimanche , russian prime minister yevgeny primakov said moscow would be willing to send troops under u.n. command to [carry out] a peace accord in kosovo .

They were n't trying to restrict a rival gang , enforce a political ideal , or overthrow authority .
they were n't trying to restrict a rival gang , [carry out] a political ideal , or overthrow authority .

The ethnic Albanians signed the peace deal proposed by French and British mediators , but the Yugoslavs ( i.e. , Serbs ) refused , principally because they ca n't stand having NATO troops in their country to enforce it .
the ethnic albanians signed the peace deal proposed by french and british mediators , but the yugoslavs ( i.e. , serbs ) refused , principally because they ca n't stand having nato troops in their country to [carry out] it .

Domestic servants are not protected by the Labor Law , and unskilled foreign workers suffer from the lack of a minimum wage in the private sector and from failure to enforce the Labor Law .
domestic servants are not protected by the labor law , and unskilled foreign workers suffer from the lack of a minimum wage in the private sector and from failure to [carry out] the labor law .

One is its willingness to use NATO , rather than the United Nations , to enforce the aims of the U.N. Charter ; another was uncertainty about its geographical extension ( should its writ run outside Europe ?
one is its willingness to use nato , rather than the united nations , to [carry out] the aims of the u.n. charter ; another was uncertainty about its geographical extension ( should its writ run outside europe ?

In Italy , La Stampa of Turin led on Clinton playing `` the Yeltsin card , '' while Corriere della Sera of Milan splashed the news that NATO is ready to block even Russian tankers to enforce its oil embargo against Yugoslavia .
in italy , la stampa of turin led on clinton playing `` the yeltsin card , '' while corriere della sera of milan splashed the news that nato is ready to block even russian tankers to [carry out] its oil embargo against yugoslavia .

Rawls says we should enforce a bunch of hypothetical insurance contracts , but you ca n't enforce a contract if you do n't know what it says .
rawls says we should [carry out] a bunch of hypothetical insurance contracts , but you ca n't [carry out] a contract if you do n't know what it says .

Restaurateurs say the measure will be impossible to enforce , and environmental groups called it `` a con '' that does n't go far enough .
restaurateurs say the measure will be impossible to [carry out] , and environmental groups called it `` a con '' that does n't go far enough .

Since World War II , many have clamored for a permanent international war-crimes tribunal to enforce the conventions .
since world war ii , many have clamored for a permanent international war-crimes tribunal to [carry out] the conventions .

Government lawyers are obliged to enforce laws , not to protect an official .
government lawyers are obliged to [carry out] laws , not to protect an official .

That 's OK. Those who enforce the law on the rest of us ought to be more law-abiding than the average .
that 's ok. those who [carry out] the law on the rest of us ought to be more law-abiding than the average .

There 's no way to enforce consistency .
there 's no way to [carry out] consistency .

The party where humorless thought police work to enforce a rigid ideological discipline is n't made up of Democrats .
the party where humorless thought police work to [carry out] a rigid ideological discipline is n't made up of democrats .

The Visual Display of Quantitative Information had been devoted to pictures of numbers , he explains -- '' how to depict data and enforce statistical honesty '' whether the subject is traffic deaths or the distribution of galaxies .
the visual display of quantitative information had been devoted to pictures of numbers , he explains -- '' how to depict data and [carry out] statistical honesty '' whether the subject is traffic deaths or the distribution of galaxies .

The NYT points out that adjacent unquoted passages from Brandeis make a very clear point -- that the government may not commit crimes to enforce the law , but nobody wonders why McVeigh opted for the murky portion instead .
the nyt points out that adjacent unquoted passages from brandeis make a very clear point -- that the government may not commit crimes to [carry out] the law , but nobody wonders why mcveigh opted for the murky portion instead .

A second meaning of `` privatizing '' marriage is to treat it like any other contract : The state may be called upon to enforce it , but the parties define the terms .
a second meaning of `` privatizing '' marriage is to treat it like any other contract : the state may be called upon to [carry out] it , but the parties define the terms .

The LAT front and inside stories at the WP and NYT report that President Clinton has allowed U.S. aircrews to adopt more aggressive rules of engagement as they enforce the Iraqi `` no-fly '' zones .
the lat front and inside stories at the wp and nyt report that president clinton has allowed u.s. aircrews to adopt more aggressive rules of engagement as they [carry out] the iraqi `` no-fly '' zones .

According to the LAT lead , yesterday 's combat over Iraq represents both the determination of the U.S. to enforce the `` no-fly '' zones and of Saddam Hussein to flout them .
according to the lat lead , yesterday 's combat over iraq represents both the determination of the u.s. to [carry out] the `` no-fly '' zones and of saddam hussein to flout them .

Noting that the bill came out of the need for federal legislation to enforce last year 's proposed settlement deal between the cigarette manufacturers and numerous states , the NYT explains that now , the states can be expected to resume pressing their individual multibillion-dollar claims .
noting that the bill came out of the need for federal legislation to [carry out] last year 's proposed settlement deal between the cigarette manufacturers and numerous states , the nyt explains that now , the states can be expected to resume pressing their individual multibillion-dollar claims .

It served also , as Cotgrave notes , to enforce an affirmation , as in Ouy dea , dis je ; Yes , forsooth , say I .
it served also , as cotgrave notes , to [carry out] an affirmation , as in ouy dea , dis je ; yes , forsooth , say i .

