`` People and soils respond slowly '' , says Walter Clark , `` but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program .
`` people and soils respond slowly '' , says walter clark , `` but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this [improving] program .

The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural enrichment of the Administration .
the event was so successful that the interior secretary plans to serve as impresario for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural [improving] of the administration .

It is possible that the idea of enrichment of emotion is a fifth idea .
it is possible that the idea of [improving] of emotion is a fifth idea .

Nitrates contribute to nutrient enrichment which encourages algal growth and blooms .
nitrates contribute to nutrient [improving] which encourages algal growth and blooms .

Wildlife conservation sources say that the province , with its enrichment of peregrine falcons and hawks , could be a prime target for overseas dealers in protected birds .
wildlife conservation sources say that the province , with its [improving] of peregrine falcons and hawks , could be a prime target for overseas dealers in protected birds .

The study also highlights some of the threats facing many of the lochs in Central Region , including acid rain , changes in catchment characteristics , siltation , water abstraction , shading , rubbish dumping , eutrophication [ nutrient enrichment ] from duck and fish droppings , encroachment , and edge trampling by grazing animals .
the study also highlights some of the threats facing many of the lochs in central region , including acid rain , changes in catchment characteristics , siltation , water abstraction , shading , rubbish dumping , eutrophication [ nutrient [improving] ] from duck and fish droppings , encroachment , and edge trampling by grazing animals .

Enrichment Staff are timetabled to assist children throughout the Junior School .
[improving] staff are timetabled to assist children throughout the junior school .

For children who encounter educational difficulties we have the services of our Learning Support Department and for all children we have Enrichment Staff who can extend their learning .
for children who encounter educational difficulties we have the services of our learning support department and for all children we have [improving] staff who can extend their learning .

To provide a firm basis for further historical development either for further study and examination purposes or for personal enrichment as a lifelong leisure pursuit .
to provide a firm basis for further historical development either for further study and examination purposes or for personal [improving] as a lifelong leisure pursuit .

Remember especially Bob and Roy and we pray that you will enable them to find fulfilment and enjoyment , and enrichment in their lives as they step forward in faith and confidence in Lord in your mercy
remember especially bob and roy and we pray that you will enable them to find fulfilment and enjoyment , and [improving] in their lives as they step forward in faith and confidence in lord in your mercy

It was concluded that some platinum enrichment is related to primary magmatic differentiation but that many of the high values , particularly of palladium and gold , are the product of later alteration associated with deformation .
it was concluded that some platinum [improving] is related to primary magmatic differentiation but that many of the high values , particularly of palladium and gold , are the product of later alteration associated with deformation .

But he was angry that a man of Pyle 's eminence in the bank could be ripping off client money for his own enrichment .
but he was angry that a man of pyle 's eminence in the bank could be ripping off client money for his own [improving] .

This is our economic argument : a path to personal enrichment from the fruits of economic progress more widely shared .
this is our economic argument : a path to personal [improving] from the fruits of economic progress more widely shared .

Even in the one case where independent evidence is claimed in the form of an abnormal enrichment in thin sedimentary layers of iridium and other platinum group metals , namely the much-publicized asteroid impact hypothesis for the end-Cretaceous extinctions ( Alvarez , Alvarez , Asaro & Michel , 1980 ) serious doubts have been raised by a careful analysis of some key palaeontological evidence ( Clemens , Archibald & Hickey , 1981 ) .
even in the one case where independent evidence is claimed in the form of an abnormal [improving] in thin sedimentary layers of iridium and other platinum group metals , namely the much-publicized asteroid impact hypothesis for the end-cretaceous extinctions ( alvarez , alvarez , asaro & michel , 1980 ) serious doubts have been raised by a careful analysis of some key palaeontological evidence ( clemens , archibald & hickey , 1981 ) .

Look out for successfully tested treatments such as Nutrasome Enrichment Shampoo , £7.90 from Revlon or Foltene deep conditioning scalp stimulant .
look out for successfully tested treatments such as nutrasome [improving] shampoo , £7.90 from revlon or foltene deep conditioning scalp stimulant .

Dr Safa Al-Habobi — a director of Matrix Churchill — was actively involved in the attempt to acquire gas centrifuge technology for the enrichment of uranium .
dr safa al-habobi — a director of matrix churchill — was actively involved in the attempt to acquire gas centrifuge technology for the [improving] of uranium .

Lead isotope evidence for young trace element enrichment in the oceanic upper mantle
lead isotope evidence for young trace element [improving] in the oceanic upper mantle

before their enrichment in trace elements were radically different from each other .
before their [improving] in trace elements were radically different from each other .

1 legend for details ) which results in the enrichment of region-specific cDNAs in a cDNA population in the order of 10 2 - to 10 4 -fold .
1 legend for details ) which results in the [improving] of region-specific cdnas in a cdna population in the order of 10 2 - to 10 4 -fold .

These findings suggest that the enrichment of Desulfovibrio within the siderite concretion may be an important feature , controlling growth of the concretion .
these findings suggest that the [improving] of desulfovibrio within the siderite concretion may be an important feature , controlling growth of the concretion .

The most fundamental aspects of the liturgical renewal for which the Council called are all related to the biblical element in liturgy and to making it more accessible to all in the vernacular : the enormous enrichment of the lectionary , the emphasis on preaching the Word that has been read , the revelation of how biblically based the Eucharistic prayers and other sacramental actions are , and the restoration of the ‘ divine office ’ as the ‘ prayer of the Church ’ .
the most fundamental aspects of the liturgical renewal for which the council called are all related to the biblical element in liturgy and to making it more accessible to all in the vernacular : the enormous [improving] of the lectionary , the emphasis on preaching the word that has been read , the revelation of how biblically based the eucharistic prayers and other sacramental actions are , and the restoration of the ‘ divine office ’ as the ‘ prayer of the church ’ .

The enrichment has not been one-way .
the [improving] has not been one-way .

Enrichment is hard , which is why bomb programmes are rare .
[improving] is hard , which is why bomb programmes are rare .

We need also to identify opportunities for enrichment in older age , promote them , and defend them if they are misguidedly attacked .
we need also to identify opportunities for [improving] in older age , promote them , and defend them if they are misguidedly attacked .

On a more positive note , often the plundering carried out in good synthetic studies can lead , as here , to an enrichment of material presented to the reader .
on a more positive note , often the plundering carried out in good synthetic studies can lead , as here , to an [improving] of material presented to the reader .

They believed the existing system worked to the enrichment of only a small number ; national benefit could be derived from legitimate commerce with a fertile Africa only if the slave trade did not create misleadingly attractive alternatives .
they believed the existing system worked to the [improving] of only a small number ; national benefit could be derived from legitimate commerce with a fertile africa only if the slave trade did not create misleadingly attractive alternatives .

Francis sees this as a source of enrichment , and notes how in recent decades many new authors , such as Timothy Mo or Salman Rushdie , demonstrate the stimulative effect of other cultures and languages on English literature written in Britain : ‘ Creativity in English today is increasingly multicultural .
francis sees this as a source of [improving] , and notes how in recent decades many new authors , such as timothy mo or salman rushdie , demonstrate the stimulative effect of other cultures and languages on english literature written in britain : ‘ creativity in english today is increasingly multicultural .

The pleasure of reading offers children an extension of their being , an enrichment of life .
the pleasure of reading offers children an extension of their being , an [improving] of life .

The gospel encourages mutual support and enrichment .
the gospel encourages mutual support and [improving] .

a general enrichment of the concrete substance of civilized life , a general reduction of risk and insecurity , an equalization between the more and the less fortunate at all levels — between the healthy and the sick , the employed and the unemployed , the old and the active , the bachelor and the father of the large family .
a general [improving] of the concrete substance of civilized life , a general reduction of risk and insecurity , an equalization between the more and the less fortunate at all levels — between the healthy and the sick , the employed and the unemployed , the old and the active , the bachelor and the father of the large family .

One can refer , of course , to the intellectual enrichment of individuals and of society but such a criterion is not amenable to quantification .
one can refer , of course , to the intellectual [improving] of individuals and of society but such a criterion is not amenable to quantification .

They contribute to the enrichment of the quality of life of individuals and contribute to the general economic development of society .
they contribute to the [improving] of the quality of life of individuals and contribute to the general economic development of society .

This enrichment of the repertory of art , achieved by the end of the archaic period , is of incalculable importance for the development of Greek art and in general of art in Europe .
this [improving] of the repertory of art , achieved by the end of the archaic period , is of incalculable importance for the development of greek art and in general of art in europe .

Its social bases include : ( i ) the crisis , for many artists , of the transition from patronage to the market ; ( ii ) the crisis , in certain arts , of the transition from handwork to machine production ( see Chapter 4 , below ) ; ( iii ) crises within both patronage and the market , in a period of intense and general social conflict ; ( iv ) the attachment of certain groups to a pre-capitalist and/or pre-democratic social order , in which some arts had been accorded privilege within a general privilege ; ( v ) the attachment of other groups to the democratization of the social order , as part of the process of general liberation and human enrichment to which the arts , if they were allowed , could contribute : ( vi ) a more general opposition , often overlapping and even seeming to unite these diverse political views , to the practices and values of a ‘ commercial ’ and ‘ mechanical ’ civilization , from which the practice and values of the arts could be distinguished .
its social bases include : ( i ) the crisis , for many artists , of the transition from patronage to the market ; ( ii ) the crisis , in certain arts , of the transition from handwork to machine production ( see chapter 4 , below ) ; ( iii ) crises within both patronage and the market , in a period of intense and general social conflict ; ( iv ) the attachment of certain groups to a pre-capitalist and/or pre-democratic social order , in which some arts had been accorded privilege within a general privilege ; ( v ) the attachment of other groups to the democratization of the social order , as part of the process of general liberation and human [improving] to which the arts , if they were allowed , could contribute : ( vi ) a more general opposition , often overlapping and even seeming to unite these diverse political views , to the practices and values of a ‘ commercial ’ and ‘ mechanical ’ civilization , from which the practice and values of the arts could be distinguished .

If finance allowed , the creation of a college bursary for a church musician to spend a period in residence would bestow great enrichment upon both the community and upon the individual .
if finance allowed , the creation of a college bursary for a church musician to spend a period in residence would bestow great [improving] upon both the community and upon the individual .

The short unhappy history of job enrichment
the short unhappy history of job [improving]

Job enrichment adds what Herzberg called ‘ vertical job loading factors ’ , and what Hackman renamed ‘ implementing concepts ’ , giving employees tasks previously performed by inspection and supervisory staff , and increasing discretion and accountability as well as variety and meaning .
job [improving] adds what herzberg called ‘ vertical job loading factors ’ , and what hackman renamed ‘ implementing concepts ’ , giving employees tasks previously performed by inspection and supervisory staff , and increasing discretion and accountability as well as variety and meaning .

Philips experimented with job enlargement and enrichment at plants in Holland , Britain and Australia .
philips experimented with job enlargement and [improving] at plants in holland , britain and australia .

They argue that appropriate management strategies , or ‘ people policies ’ , include job enrichment , multi-skilling , teamwork , ‘ pay for knowledge ’ systems , reconsideration of the levels at which management decisions are taken , close attention to employee selection and training procedures , and to management development programmes .
they argue that appropriate management strategies , or ‘ people policies ’ , include job [improving] , multi-skilling , teamwork , ‘ pay for knowledge ’ systems , reconsideration of the levels at which management decisions are taken , close attention to employee selection and training procedures , and to management development programmes .

Clearly , it has its roots in , and has much in common with , the job enrichment and semi-autonomous group techniques of the previous two decades .
clearly , it has its roots in , and has much in common with , the job [improving] and semi-autonomous group techniques of the previous two decades .

German and Swedish trade unions have taken a role in the initiation of flexibility in the workplace , in the promoting of job enrichment through the broadening of job classifications .
german and swedish trade unions have taken a role in the initiation of flexibility in the workplace , in the promoting of job [improving] through the broadening of job classifications .

The first , and most obvious , is the desire to prevent the unjust enrichment of criminals by prohibiting them from exploiting their crimes .
the first , and most obvious , is the desire to prevent the unjust [improving] of criminals by prohibiting them from exploiting their crimes .

Unjust enrichment
unjust [improving]

The prevention of unjust enrichment underlies the confiscation legislation both as a moral or ethical justification in itself and as a deterrent to further illegal activity .
the prevention of unjust [improving] underlies the confiscation legislation both as a moral or ethical justification in itself and as a deterrent to further illegal activity .

The fundamental question in these cases is whether the taking of a benefit by a person through his or her crime would be unconscionable as representing an unjust enrichment of that person .
the fundamental question in these cases is whether the taking of a benefit by a person through his or her crime would be unconscionable as representing an unjust [improving] of that person .

The focus upon the offender 's unjust enrichment is also questionable for two reasons .
the focus upon the offender 's unjust [improving] is also questionable for two reasons .

Success in the Persian wars and the establishment of control over the Thracian mines brought further enrichment to the treasuries .
success in the persian wars and the establishment of control over the thracian mines brought further [improving] to the treasuries .

The reference arose out of an action brought by the plaintiff against a number of banks and other defendants , based on contractual liability , tort , and unjust enrichment . The decision of the Court of Justice , so far as relevant , was , at pp. 5584–5586 :
the reference arose out of an action brought by the plaintiff against a number of banks and other defendants , based on contractual liability , tort , and unjust [improving] . the decision of the court of justice , so far as relevant , was , at pp. 5584–5586 :

It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust [improving] or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

‘ It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
‘ it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust [improving] or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust [improving] or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

In the present case , the concept of unjust enrichment suggests that the plaintiffs should have a remedy .
in the present case , the concept of unjust [improving] suggests that the plaintiffs should have a remedy .

It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust [improving] or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

Nuclear power production involves a series of steps comprising the processes of mining and milling of uranium , conversion to fuel material ( in most cases including enrichment in the isotope uranium-235 from about 0.7 per cent to 2–4 per cent ) , fabrication of fuel elements , utilization of the fuel in nuclear reactors , storage of the spent fuel , reprocessing of this fuel with a view to recycling , transportation of materials between various installations and disposal of radioactive waste ( figure 5.5 ) .
nuclear power production involves a series of steps comprising the processes of mining and milling of uranium , conversion to fuel material ( in most cases including [improving] in the isotope uranium-235 from about 0.7 per cent to 2–4 per cent ) , fabrication of fuel elements , utilization of the fuel in nuclear reactors , storage of the spent fuel , reprocessing of this fuel with a view to recycling , transportation of materials between various installations and disposal of radioactive waste ( figure 5.5 ) .

Controlled growth chamber experiments ( as well as greenhouse practices ) have established beyond doubt that many plants for which carbon is a limiting nutrient respond to short-term carbon dioxide enrichment with faster growth and greater yields ( Rosenberg , 1981 ) .
controlled growth chamber experiments ( as well as greenhouse practices ) have established beyond doubt that many plants for which carbon is a limiting nutrient respond to short-term carbon dioxide [improving] with faster growth and greater yields ( rosenberg , 1981 ) .

Aleksandrova divides each tundra subregion latitudinally into northern and southern zones , providing four belts of progressive floristic enrichment and diversity within the tundra biome .
aleksandrova divides each tundra subregion latitudinally into northern and southern zones , providing four belts of progressive floristic [improving] and diversity within the tundra biome .

It was a developmental enrichment .
it was a developmental [improving] .

job enrichment
job [improving]

Holland 's linkage with the most powerful noble of his generation , and the scale of his consequent enrichment , made his career in some respects sui generis .
holland 's linkage with the most powerful noble of his generation , and the scale of his consequent [improving] , made his career in some respects sui generis .

It consists of an enrichment of iron and manganese , the proportion of the latter always increasing outwards ( Mabbutt , 1977 ) .
it consists of an [improving] of iron and manganese , the proportion of the latter always increasing outwards ( mabbutt , 1977 ) .

According to Herzberg ( 1966 ) , job enrichment through increasing responsibility and providing more challenging work can lead to job satisfaction .
according to herzberg ( 1966 ) , job [improving] through increasing responsibility and providing more challenging work can lead to job satisfaction .

The simple enrichment of the social and physical environment by transfer from institutions to staffed houses does not in itself ensure greater involvement by the person served in meaningful activity .
the simple [improving] of the social and physical environment by transfer from institutions to staffed houses does not in itself ensure greater involvement by the person served in meaningful activity .

Experiencing the arts through education provides the basis for a lifetime of enrichment and personal development .
experiencing the arts through education provides the basis for a lifetime of [improving] and personal development .

their value as sources of human enrichment should be recognised and assigned greater importance ; and
their value as sources of human [improving] should be recognised and assigned greater importance ; and

The New Europe holds out the hope of a better life for Europe 's people — with all that implies for cultural and social enrichment as well as industrial modernisation , environmental protection and an improved standard of living .
the new europe holds out the hope of a better life for europe 's people — with all that implies for cultural and social [improving] as well as industrial modernisation , environmental protection and an improved standard of living .

When natural regeneration is difficult or inadequate , it may be supplemented artificially by planting out nursery-raised trees — ‘ enrichment ’ — in gaps , lines or groups .
when natural regeneration is difficult or inadequate , it may be supplemented artificially by planting out nursery-raised trees — ‘ [improving] ’ — in gaps , lines or groups .

From a practical viewpoint , it has been found that Eucalyptus deglupta becomes established best in enrichment sites rather than after clearing or burning , apparently because of greater nitrogen availability in the unburnt system .
from a practical viewpoint , it has been found that eucalyptus deglupta becomes established best in [improving] sites rather than after clearing or burning , apparently because of greater nitrogen availability in the unburnt system .

An issue for research libraries over the next few years is to seize the opportunity offered by technology for enrichment of OPACs as electronic access tools .
an issue for research libraries over the next few years is to seize the opportunity offered by technology for [improving] of opacs as electronic access tools .

Possible enrichment includes adding images of contents pages , indexes , thesaural searching and electronic browsing capabilities , the development of intelligent access tools and so on .
possible [improving] includes adding images of contents pages , indexes , thesaural searching and electronic browsing capabilities , the development of intelligent access tools and so on .

Mechanisms for selective retrospective conversion of catalogues and the enrichment of catalogues should be sought .
mechanisms for selective retrospective conversion of catalogues and the [improving] of catalogues should be sought .

The alder is one of the few tree species to fix nitrogen on a significant scale ; one theory is that atmospheric and water enrichment with nitrogen is upsetting the delicate relationship between the trees and soil micro-organisms .
the alder is one of the few tree species to fix nitrogen on a significant scale ; one theory is that atmospheric and water [improving] with nitrogen is upsetting the delicate relationship between the trees and soil micro-organisms .

There was some indication of a contradiction between provision for job enrichment and the potential of new technology to produce de-skilled and downgraded work .
there was some indication of a contradiction between provision for job [improving] and the potential of new technology to produce de-skilled and downgraded work .

One agreement stipulated that provision of enhanced responsibility and autonomy with a view to job enrichment `` would not constitute a basis for job upgrading `` .
one agreement stipulated that provision of enhanced responsibility and autonomy with a view to job [improving] `` would not constitute a basis for job upgrading `` .

In fact the Report immediately makes clear the Committee 's view that English involves far more than lucidity and fitness to a specific purpose , in that it is also potentially a powerful force for national cultural enrichment , and even international cultural ascendency :
in fact the report immediately makes clear the committee 's view that english involves far more than lucidity and fitness to a specific purpose , in that it is also potentially a powerful force for national cultural [improving] , and even international cultural ascendency :

For instance , a teacher might require information for : evaluating his or her teaching , monitoring the progress of individuals in the class , communicating to pupils and parents about achievements and progress , diagnosing pupils ' difficulties ; a school might require information for : placing pupils in sets , deciding what examinations to enter pupils for , — screening pupils for remedial or enrichment activities ; an external body might require information for : — selecting pupils for different types of school , — monitoring the progress of the school , — grading individuals in examinations , — selecting pupils for further education , training or employment .
for instance , a teacher might require information for : evaluating his or her teaching , monitoring the progress of individuals in the class , communicating to pupils and parents about achievements and progress , diagnosing pupils ' difficulties ; a school might require information for : placing pupils in sets , deciding what examinations to enter pupils for , — screening pupils for remedial or [improving] activities ; an external body might require information for : — selecting pupils for different types of school , — monitoring the progress of the school , — grading individuals in examinations , — selecting pupils for further education , training or employment .

In either case , through careful briefing and debriefing , Work Experience can provide an invaluable opportunity for field work and curriculum enrichment .
in either case , through careful briefing and debriefing , work experience can provide an invaluable opportunity for field work and curriculum [improving] .

Some of the gains made by the nobility in the campaigns of the 1340s and 1350s have already been discussed , but the opportunities for enrichment were open to men of all ranks .
some of the gains made by the nobility in the campaigns of the 1340s and 1350s have already been discussed , but the opportunities for [improving] were open to men of all ranks .

The enrichment of the Library 's printed collections by selecting appropriately from the constant flow of new knowledge , as well as completing gaps in those publications already represented in the collections built up over the last three hundred years of the Library 's development , is of paramount importance for scholars and researchers .
the [improving] of the library 's printed collections by selecting appropriately from the constant flow of new knowledge , as well as completing gaps in those publications already represented in the collections built up over the last three hundred years of the library 's development , is of paramount importance for scholars and researchers .

The end results will not only create a higher standard of competence within the company directly related to each person 's individual role but also an enhancement and enrichment of that person 's own development and personal qualification .
the end results will not only create a higher standard of competence within the company directly related to each person 's individual role but also an enhancement and [improving] of that person 's own development and personal qualification .

It is responsible for teaching and research in the traditional areas of private law , persons ( including family law ) , property ( including succession and trusts ) and obligations ( including contract , delict and unjustified enrichment ) .
it is responsible for teaching and research in the traditional areas of private law , persons ( including family law ) , property ( including succession and trusts ) and obligations ( including contract , delict and unjustified [improving] ) .

This has undoubtedly led to the enrichment of specific rural and urban groups in the Third World , those who have successfully adapted to the changing demands of the global marketplace , but it has also resulted in many Third World countries losing their original self-sufficiency in food and becoming highly dependent on food imports from the First World .
this has undoubtedly led to the [improving] of specific rural and urban groups in the third world , those who have successfully adapted to the changing demands of the global marketplace , but it has also resulted in many third world countries losing their original self-sufficiency in food and becoming highly dependent on food imports from the first world .

All the Greek forms of moulding enrichment were used but in less refined form .
all the greek forms of moulding [improving] were used but in less refined form .

Because Lo et al did not use any relative enrichment techniques , it is not known if they analysed one particular type of cell or a combination of types .
because lo et al did not use any relative [improving] techniques , it is not known if they analysed one particular type of cell or a combination of types .

In combination with methods of selective cell enrichment and prospects such as fluorescence in-situ hybridisation , it may ultimately lead to routine definitive diagnoses of fetal genetic abnormalities from simple maternal blood tests .
in combination with methods of selective cell [improving] and prospects such as fluorescence in-situ hybridisation , it may ultimately lead to routine definitive diagnoses of fetal genetic abnormalities from simple maternal blood tests .

Uranium enrichment had first been achieved in Brazil ( to 1.2 per cent ) in 1987 [ see p. 35822 ] .
uranium [improving] had first been achieved in brazil ( to 1.2 per cent ) in 1987 [ see p. 35822 ] .

An advisory teacher for English , taking part in a scheme of curriculum enrichment and extension for ten-year-olds , used the Adam and Eve story .
an advisory teacher for english , taking part in a scheme of curriculum [improving] and extension for ten-year-olds , used the adam and eve story .

Official encouragement of the increased use of the language , promotion of a national literacy campaign and provision for the writing of dictionaries and grammars and the development of specialised terminologies for higher education , have been regarded as an important part of Tanzania 's search for a national identity and the enrichment of the lives of its citizens .
official encouragement of the increased use of the language , promotion of a national literacy campaign and provision for the writing of dictionaries and grammars and the development of specialised terminologies for higher education , have been regarded as an important part of tanzania 's search for a national identity and the [improving] of the lives of its citizens .

There was about the seamen — every nerve in Blind Hugh 's body , which tended to vibrate in the presence of even a small amount of impure gold at fifty paces , screamed into his brain — the air of one anticipating imminent enrichment .
there was about the seamen — every nerve in blind hugh 's body , which tended to vibrate in the presence of even a small amount of impure gold at fifty paces , screamed into his brain — the air of one anticipating imminent [improving] .

However , plumes are generally enriched in those elements that are enriched in the Earth 's crust , and studies of radiogenic isotopes showed that this enrichment must have occurred hundreds , if not thousands , of millions of years ago .
however , plumes are generally enriched in those elements that are enriched in the earth 's crust , and studies of radiogenic isotopes showed that this [improving] must have occurred hundreds , if not thousands , of millions of years ago .

So much enrichment to be had and that 's all that 's offered them .
so much [improving] to be had and that 's all that 's offered them .

It is nonetheless an unavoidable predicament for those working in the field of arts education to encounter if their aim to encourage both the personal and social enrichment of their pupils is to be fulfilled .
it is nonetheless an unavoidable predicament for those working in the field of arts education to encounter if their aim to encourage both the personal and social [improving] of their pupils is to be fulfilled .

The move is needed to secure profitability which has fallen due to world-wide over capacity in uranium enrichment .
the move is needed to secure profitability which has fallen due to world-wide over capacity in uranium [improving] .

At a press conference in Alma Ata , the Kazakh capital , on Aug. 17 , Kazakh news agency qoted him as saying that the agreements included provisions for new border crossing points and visa-free travel ; Kazakhstan was prepared to provide China with assistance in geological prospecting , ore enrichment , the chemical industry , laser and biological technology , and in building hydroelectric power stations .
at a press conference in alma ata , the kazakh capital , on aug. 17 , kazakh news agency qoted him as saying that the agreements included provisions for new border crossing points and visa-free travel ; kazakhstan was prepared to provide china with assistance in geological prospecting , ore [improving] , the chemical industry , laser and biological technology , and in building hydroelectric power stations .

On Dec. 3 , 1991 , the Supreme Court ruled that there was insufficient evidence to bring the former President and senator for life , Alan García Pérez , to trial on charges of illegal enrichment during his 1985-90 period in office .
on dec. 3 , 1991 , the supreme court ruled that there was insufficient evidence to bring the former president and senator for life , alan garcía pérez , to trial on charges of illegal [improving] during his 1985-90 period in office .

The decision , which upheld that of the Chamber of Deputies in August [ see p. 38387 ] , was subject to ratification by the Attorney General 's Office , and meant that García could now be tried as an ordinary civilian on charges of `` illicit personal enrichment `` over 14 years in public office .
the decision , which upheld that of the chamber of deputies in august [ see p. 38387 ] , was subject to ratification by the attorney general 's office , and meant that garcía could now be tried as an ordinary civilian on charges of `` illicit personal [improving] `` over 14 years in public office .

Both also banned the development of nuclear reprocessing and uranium enrichment facilities .
both also banned the development of nuclear reprocessing and uranium [improving] facilities .

There remained unresolved issues in connection with the Iranian state 's share in Eurodif ( a uranium enrichment company ) and Iran 's request to be supplied nuclear fuel by that company .
there remained unresolved issues in connection with the iranian state 's share in eurodif ( a uranium [improving] company ) and iran 's request to be supplied nuclear fuel by that company .

In a nationally televised address on Nov. 8 , the South Korean President , Roh Tae Woo , announced that South Korea " will not manufacture , possess , store deploy or use nuclear weapons " , neither would it develop nuclear reprocessing or enrichment facilities .
in a nationally televised address on nov. 8 , the south korean president , roh tae woo , announced that south korea " will not manufacture , possess , store deploy or use nuclear weapons " , neither would it develop nuclear reprocessing or [improving] facilities .

Destruction of uranium enrichment equipment
destruction of uranium [improving] equipment

They knew , for example , that in the Coniston Mines where a fault ran into a vein there might be a bunch , or a general enrichment , particularly if two veins ran into each other .
they knew , for example , that in the coniston mines where a fault ran into a vein there might be a bunch , or a general [improving] , particularly if two veins ran into each other .

The enrichment provided by continuous progress is vertical rather than lateral .
the [improving] provided by continuous progress is vertical rather than lateral .

Preparation of plasma for determination of isotopic enrichment of free leucine was performed as described previously .
preparation of plasma for determination of isotopic [improving] of free leucine was performed as described previously .

The time course of the plasma free leucine enrichment after the ‘ flooding dose ’ ( Fig 1 ) , showed peak enrichment immediately after the leucine infusion had finished followed by a linear fall in all subjects .
the time course of the plasma free leucine [improving] after the ‘ flooding dose ’ ( fig 1 ) , showed peak [improving] immediately after the leucine infusion had finished followed by a linear fall in all subjects .

In order to determine if this had occurred , the biopsy free leucine enrichments were measured and compared with the plasma free leucine enrichment at the time of taking the biopsy .
in order to determine if this had occurred , the biopsy free leucine enrichments were measured and compared with the plasma free leucine [improving] at the time of taking the biopsy .

This was expressed as a ratio of biopsy/ plasma free leucine enrichment .
this was expressed as a ratio of biopsy/ plasma free leucine [improving] .

Much of the interest in the recent past in job enrichment programmes has sprung from this and other work by Herzberg .
much of the interest in the recent past in job [improving] programmes has sprung from this and other work by herzberg .

In both Byzantium and Islam the surface enrichment , though opposed in motivation and manner , draws the eyes up to the arches and the vaulting .
in both byzantium and islam the surface [improving] , though opposed in motivation and manner , draws the eyes up to the arches and the vaulting .

Functionalists have not always given sufficient priority to man 's joy in his senses , and the need for enrichment and ornamentation of his environment .
functionalists have not always given sufficient priority to man 's joy in his senses , and the need for [improving] and ornamentation of his environment .

If so , then the intellectual enrichment of the forms and surfaces of our general environment will also offer emotional stimulation .
if so , then the intellectual [improving] of the forms and surfaces of our general environment will also offer emotional stimulation .

The enrichment of forms and surfaces acts as a social catalyst .
the [improving] of forms and surfaces acts as a social catalyst .

The enrichment of the master plot by interweaving sub-plots renders it significant and memorable .
the [improving] of the master plot by interweaving sub-plots renders it significant and memorable .

This leads to two significant practical outcomes of Herzberg 's work , job design and job enrichment .
this leads to two significant practical outcomes of herzberg 's work , job design and job [improving] .

Job enrichment is part of your general responsibility as manager .
job [improving] is part of your general responsibility as manager .

Support for consulting dioceses came from the Bishop of Stepney , the Right Rev James Thompson , who said women priests would be an ‘ enrichment to the Church ’ .
support for consulting dioceses came from the bishop of stepney , the right rev james thompson , who said women priests would be an ‘ [improving] to the church ’ .

Lewis , who had known the sagas in translation since Gastons days , was very happy with this further enrichment of the pleasures of reading .
lewis , who had known the sagas in translation since gastons days , was very happy with this further [improving] of the pleasures of reading .

Joy Larkcom explains the value of living , green manures to soil enrichment .
joy larkcom explains the value of living , green manures to soil [improving] .

In the subsequent scramble for survival and enrichment which mounted towards the end of 1922 , it was not surprising that those who were slightly better off often took a kind of revenge in driving hard bargains with their poorer neighbours , as has been noted earlier .
in the subsequent scramble for survival and [improving] which mounted towards the end of 1922 , it was not surprising that those who were slightly better off often took a kind of revenge in driving hard bargains with their poorer neighbours , as has been noted earlier .

If laboratory scale experiments indicate , however , that the indigenous microfauna are unable to degrade the contaminants , enrichment cultures of microorganisms may be added to speed up the process .
if laboratory scale experiments indicate , however , that the indigenous microfauna are unable to degrade the contaminants , [improving] cultures of microorganisms may be added to speed up the process .

Certainly wherever women and men work together in partnership there is the possibility of great enrichment .
certainly wherever women and men work together in partnership there is the possibility of great [improving] .

We see here a tendency to equate any change with ‘ reductionism ’ , whereas those who want to see women ordained as priests believe that this change will bring about an enrichment of the traditional pattern of ministry , without in any way altering its essential features .
we see here a tendency to equate any change with ‘ reductionism ’ , whereas those who want to see women ordained as priests believe that this change will bring about an [improving] of the traditional pattern of ministry , without in any way altering its essential features .

The non-associative nature of the phenomenon was emphasized by Gibson and Gibson ( 1955 ) , who made a firm distinction between their own account and the associative interpretation , which they referred to as ‘ enrichment ’ .
the non-associative nature of the phenomenon was emphasized by gibson and gibson ( 1955 ) , who made a firm distinction between their own account and the associative interpretation , which they referred to as ‘ [improving] ’ .

But the best public art ( as Venice proves ) is architectural art , the enrichment of buildings at which the Victorians excelled rather than extraneous pieces of sculpture and other items dotted around the streets .
but the best public art ( as venice proves ) is architectural art , the [improving] of buildings at which the victorians excelled rather than extraneous pieces of sculpture and other items dotted around the streets .

Mr Erich Honecker , aged 77 , the disgraced former party chief , is among six ex-politburo members now under investigation for abuse of office , corruption and personal enrichment .
mr erich honecker , aged 77 , the disgraced former party chief , is among six ex-politburo members now under investigation for abuse of office , corruption and personal [improving] .

For more able readers , the test results may point to the need for further enrichment .
for more able readers , the test results may point to the need for further [improving] .

Would some kind of spiritual direction be an enrichment to me currently ?
would some kind of spiritual direction be an [improving] to me currently ?

Within that development we have to find room for wild nature , which is a spiritual enrichment as well as , in a very practical sense , the foundation of our existence .
within that development we have to find room for wild nature , which is a spiritual [improving] as well as , in a very practical sense , the foundation of our existence .

The overriding criticism of the National Curriculum proposals was that it was not designed to achieve significant fundamental aims : it did not obviously focus upon ‘ great issues , principles and values ’ , or on the development of fundamentally important attitudes and skills , which educators , industrialists , and all those concerned with the welfare of society and the enrichment of the individual , would see as paramount .
the overriding criticism of the national curriculum proposals was that it was not designed to achieve significant fundamental aims : it did not obviously focus upon ‘ great issues , principles and values ’ , or on the development of fundamentally important attitudes and skills , which educators , industrialists , and all those concerned with the welfare of society and the [improving] of the individual , would see as paramount .

Education itself provides enrichment to the lives of individuals in a number of ways and in so doing determines the quality of life made possible by wealth creation .
education itself provides [improving] to the lives of individuals in a number of ways and in so doing determines the quality of life made possible by wealth creation .

Business offers a tremendous and largely untapped wealth of opportunities for curriculum enrichment — content and process — with many valuable spin-offs for both business and education .
business offers a tremendous and largely untapped wealth of opportunities for curriculum [improving] — content and process — with many valuable spin-offs for both business and education .

These Labour local authorities were developing conscious efforts to alter local economies so as to bring about long-term economic development , through job creation and job enrichment , for the benefit of local workers and the local community .
these labour local authorities were developing conscious efforts to alter local economies so as to bring about long-term economic development , through job creation and job [improving] , for the benefit of local workers and the local community .

Enrichment of the hydrogen content is accomplished by passing the syn-gas mixed with steam over an iron catalyst , when the mildly exothermic ‘ water gas shift reaction ’ occurs ,
[improving] of the hydrogen content is accomplished by passing the syn-gas mixed with steam over an iron catalyst , when the mildly exothermic ‘ water gas shift reaction ’ occurs ,

Both effects can be exploited to separate isotopes — for example in enriching uranium by increasing the ratio of uranium 238 compared with uranium 235 , although the first is currently the most used for large-scale enrichment .
both effects can be exploited to separate isotopes — for example in enriching uranium by increasing the ratio of uranium 238 compared with uranium 235 , although the first is currently the most used for large-scale [improving] .

Thiemens said that it might even be possible to apply the effect to enrichment of certain isotopes .
thiemens said that it might even be possible to apply the effect to [improving] of certain isotopes .

The programmes of those early years explored the whole range of possibilities offered by civil nuclear power and paved the way for the growth of a domestic industry capable of mastering the entire fuel cycle from the mine through enrichment to reprocessing .
the programmes of those early years explored the whole range of possibilities offered by civil nuclear power and paved the way for the growth of a domestic industry capable of mastering the entire fuel cycle from the mine through [improving] to reprocessing .

eutrophication is enrichment .
eutrophication is [improving] .

Consequently , syllabuses and teachers ' guides which depend on the full official time allocation for their completion , and many do , are doomed to failure , whereas a shorter and more manageable core , with optional and enrichment materials for better endowed schools and better teachers would ensure that minimum content was taught .
consequently , syllabuses and teachers ' guides which depend on the full official time allocation for their completion , and many do , are doomed to failure , whereas a shorter and more manageable core , with optional and [improving] materials for better endowed schools and better teachers would ensure that minimum content was taught .

Central also to the recommendations was the concept of core , optional and enrichment materials .
central also to the recommendations was the concept of core , optional and [improving] materials .

Enrichment materials were seen as being produced mainly in connection with the teaching of basic skills and would include additional topics and materials in Sesotho , Mathematics and English chosen so that they deepened children 's understanding of core topics and including supplementary readers , apparatus , assignment cards , games and radio broadcasts .
[improving] materials were seen as being produced mainly in connection with the teaching of basic skills and would include additional topics and materials in sesotho , mathematics and english chosen so that they deepened children 's understanding of core topics and including supplementary readers , apparatus , assignment cards , games and radio broadcasts .

It is this concurrent development which provides the source of what much later is destined to become the relationship which binds man to his God , first , by the processes of evolution , and then by man himself struggling to bring into his life the enrichment available to him if only he can control the legacies of ruthless evolution .
it is this concurrent development which provides the source of what much later is destined to become the relationship which binds man to his god , first , by the processes of evolution , and then by man himself struggling to bring into his life the [improving] available to him if only he can control the legacies of ruthless evolution .

This gave the baronage a strong sense of cohesion ; but the large families which many of them had , and the opportunities for enrichment and impoverishment which growing population and growing wealth provided , meant that any great man had a large number of poor relations , and that the rungs on the ladder between the poor knights and the great princes were thronged with men moving up and down , sometimes at breakneck speed .
this gave the baronage a strong sense of cohesion ; but the large families which many of them had , and the opportunities for [improving] and impoverishment which growing population and growing wealth provided , meant that any great man had a large number of poor relations , and that the rungs on the ladder between the poor knights and the great princes were thronged with men moving up and down , sometimes at breakneck speed .

Another approach is to enrol for a Marriage Enrichment Course .
another approach is to enrol for a marriage [improving] course .

Each course , which costs about £80 per couple , is run by a leader couple , accredited by the Association of Marriage Enrichment ( address on page 153 ) .
each course , which costs about £80 per couple , is run by a leader couple , accredited by the association of marriage [improving] ( address on page 153 ) .

This heavy dose of enrichment took its toll .
this heavy dose of [improving] took its toll .

The merchants wanted to divert trade away from the Arabs , fearing the enrichment of the North African Maghreb as a threat to Christian Europe .
the merchants wanted to divert trade away from the arabs , fearing the [improving] of the north african maghreb as a threat to christian europe .

Cell Lines and Culture Conditions The human neurosphere ( NS ) cell lines ( line numbers 1651 , 1664 , and 1673 ) were established following enrichment for AC133 + cells , as previously described [ 14 ] , although none of the cell lines was expanded from a single cell , and they are therefore not clonal .
cell lines and culture conditions the human neurosphere ( ns ) cell lines ( line numbers 1651 , 1664 , and 1673 ) were established following [improving] for ac133 + cells , as previously described [ 14 ] , although none of the cell lines was expanded from a single cell , and they are therefore not clonal .

The striking enrichment of Alu elements at the junctions between duplicated and single copy sequences implicates unequal crossing over between these repeats in the generation of segmental duplications ( Bailey et al .
the striking [improving] of alu elements at the junctions between duplicated and single copy sequences implicates unequal crossing over between these repeats in the generation of segmental duplications ( bailey et al .

Immunostaining of T cells in synovial fluid from individuals with rheumatoid arthritis showed that virtually all of the T cells associated with inflamed joints expressed CXCR3 and CCR5 , representing significant enrichment compared to blood T cells from the same participants .
immunostaining of t cells in synovial fluid from individuals with rheumatoid arthritis showed that virtually all of the t cells associated with inflamed joints expressed cxcr3 and ccr5 , representing significant [improving] compared to blood t cells from the same participants .

CTL clones were selected directly from patient PBMC samples without enrichment in culture to closely reflect the composition of the antigen-specific T cell response in vivo at the time of isolation .
ctl clones were selected directly from patient pbmc samples without [improving] in culture to closely reflect the composition of the antigen-specific t cell response in vivo at the time of isolation .

We are pouring nitrogen fertiliser into the environment and , through the wellstudied ‘ paradox of enrichment ’ , this reduces species diversity while increasing actual biomass .
we are pouring nitrogen fertiliser into the environment and , through the wellstudied ‘ paradox of [improving] ’ , this reduces species diversity while increasing actual biomass .

They have developed the subtractive hybridization technique for enrichment of clone libraries by rare transcripts or specific genomic fragments ( Rebrikov et al .
they have developed the subtractive hybridization technique for [improving] of clone libraries by rare transcripts or specific genomic fragments ( rebrikov et al .

There was also an enrichment of genes associated with structure and permeability ; in this class several genes were ubiquitously altered in both IBD and non-IBD samples , reflecting dysregulation of genes for paracellular permeability , degradation of extracellular matrix , and barrier protection against bacterial invasion of the epithelial surface .
there was also an [improving] of genes associated with structure and permeability ; in this class several genes were ubiquitously altered in both ibd and non-ibd samples , reflecting dysregulation of genes for paracellular permeability , degradation of extracellular matrix , and barrier protection against bacterial invasion of the epithelial surface .

This Fund provides Indiana 's pedo program with enrichment opportunities that are equaled by few , if any , other programs in the country .
this fund provides indiana 's pedo program with [improving] opportunities that are equaled by few , if any , other programs in the country .

Enrichment activities include hiding special treats like honey , or peanut butter , or giving animals blocks of ice , indestructible balls , or browse ( leafy tree branches ) with which to interact .
[improving] activities include hiding special treats like honey , or peanut butter , or giving animals blocks of ice , indestructible balls , or browse ( leafy tree branches ) with which to interact .

The centers that serve these areas , Mary Rigg Neighborhood Center , Hawthorne Community Center , Southwest Multi-Service Center , and Christamore House , have teamed up to run an exciting job readiness program for 14 and 15 year old area residents called the Summer Enrichment Program .
the centers that serve these areas , mary rigg neighborhood center , hawthorne community center , southwest multi-service center , and christamore house , have teamed up to run an exciting job readiness program for 14 and 15 year old area residents called the summer [improving] program .

The Summer Enrichment Program will conclude with a celebration that includes family and friends .
the summer [improving] program will conclude with a celebration that includes family and friends .

Target is well known for it 's support of the community , and we believe that the Summer Enrichment Program represents your interests and concerns quite well .
target is well known for it 's support of the community , and we believe that the summer [improving] program represents your interests and concerns quite well .

Youth Enrichment : Supplements the school curriculum through exciting educational activities at the YWCA facility and other community sites .
youth [improving] : supplements the school curriculum through exciting educational activities at the ywca facility and other community sites .

I ask that you consider expanding the scope of your pleasant palaver , to the enrichment of us all .
i ask that you consider expanding the scope of your pleasant palaver , to the [improving] of us all .

We would n't have this enrichment of our society if it was n't for slavery .
we would n't have this [improving] of our society if it was n't for slavery .

The ones whose kids hardly need a superdose of after-school enrichment .
the ones whose kids hardly need a superdose of after-school [improving] .

Such intertextual references , whether or not pointed by rhyme , puns , and rhythmic matching , must indeed provide depth and enrichment if they are not to become merely a stylistic cliché of the scribbling classes ( as they show every sign of doing anyway ) .
such intertextual references , whether or not pointed by rhyme , puns , and rhythmic matching , must indeed provide depth and [improving] if they are not to become merely a stylistic cliché of the scribbling classes ( as they show every sign of doing anyway ) .

Though in the short run influences of languages and dialects on each other may result in distortion and ridiculous or embarrassing absurdities , the longterm fruit of linguistic cross-pollination appears to be enrichment , of which the English language provides a shining example .
though in the short run influences of languages and dialects on each other may result in distortion and ridiculous or embarrassing absurdities , the longterm fruit of linguistic cross-pollination appears to be [improving] , of which the english language provides a shining example .

