The uniform fiscal year ensures conformance with another common sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn .
the uniform fiscal year [makes sure] conformance with another common sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn .

And ensures that our efforts are unabated really ’ .
and [makes sure] that our efforts are unabated really ’ .

On funding — ‘ a subject of peculiar fascination for many City commentators ’ — the Chancellor said : ‘ The Government 's full fund policy ensures that its borrowing does not add to inflationary pressures .
on funding — ‘ a subject of peculiar fascination for many city commentators ’ — the chancellor said : ‘ the government 's full fund policy [makes sure] that its borrowing does not add to inflationary pressures .

The system works , it ensures that parking areas are used effectively and it is simple and cheap to operate and supervise .
the system works , it [makes sure] that parking areas are used effectively and it is simple and cheap to operate and supervise .

And , more to the point , how many organisations have managed to convert their good ‘ quality ’ intentions into effective staff training which ensures that customers are treated with respect ? The sad fact is that many organisations would be unable to recognise a customer even if he or she fell in front of them .
and , more to the point , how many organisations have managed to convert their good ‘ quality ’ intentions into effective staff training which [makes sure] that customers are treated with respect ? the sad fact is that many organisations would be unable to recognise a customer even if he or she fell in front of them .

It is this feature of price/yield relationships that ensures that the nearer an instrument approaches maturity , the more liquid it becomes .
it is this feature of price/yield relationships that [makes sure] that the nearer an instrument approaches maturity , the more liquid it becomes .

In fact there is a constant interaction between the two in that both are markets where arbitrage ensures that forward rates and Eurocurrency interest rates are kept in alignment .
in fact there is a constant interaction between the two in that both are markets where arbitrage [makes sure] that forward rates and eurocurrency interest rates are kept in alignment .

Core holdings in large blue-chip companies that are infrequently traded provide them with a solid investor base and reduces share price volatility , whilst active trading and analysis of smaller company shares adds to the liquidity and marketability of these securities , and ensures accurate pricing .
core holdings in large blue-chip companies that are infrequently traded provide them with a solid investor base and reduces share price volatility , whilst active trading and analysis of smaller company shares adds to the liquidity and marketability of these securities , and [makes sure] accurate pricing .

The specialist managerial expertise involved in running complex public utilities ensures that public enterprises are able to control the data upon which assessments are made .
the specialist managerial expertise involved in running complex public utilities [makes sure] that public enterprises are able to control the data upon which assessments are made .

The pioneering scheme , run by Age Concern Cleveland , provides escorts for elderly people in the hospital 's accident and emergency department and ensures that they are settled at home after discharge .
the pioneering scheme , run by age concern cleveland , provides escorts for elderly people in the hospital 's accident and emergency department and [makes sure] that they are settled at home after discharge .

Tories say industrial sponsorship helps pay for extra facilities at the CTCs and ensures they keep in close touch with prospective employers .
tories say industrial sponsorship helps pay for extra facilities at the ctcs and [makes sure] they keep in close touch with prospective employers .

The technology — developed by Geest — ensures that no oxygen , which causes the ripening as well as the rotting process , reaches the fruit during shipping .
the technology — developed by geest — [makes sure] that no oxygen , which causes the ripening as well as the rotting process , reaches the fruit during shipping .

It ensures they finish top of their group and meet Glentoran in the Ulster Cup quarter-finals at Shamrock Park on Tuesday night .
it [makes sure] they finish top of their group and meet glentoran in the ulster cup quarter-finals at shamrock park on tuesday night .

But while the turbo provides the poke , the diesel factor ensures economic consumption of around 47 miles per gallon .
but while the turbo provides the poke , the diesel factor [makes sure] economic consumption of around 47 miles per gallon .

As always , the pathos and humour switch with the usual rapidity and David Llewellyn 's direction ensures that the words are given priority .
as always , the pathos and humour switch with the usual rapidity and david llewellyn 's direction [makes sure] that the words are given priority .

But through gesture , parody and dialogue , Pauline Daniels ensures that we have a vivid imaginary picture of everyone in Shirley 's world .
but through gesture , parody and dialogue , pauline daniels [makes sure] that we have a vivid imaginary picture of everyone in shirley 's world .

This ensures a clear picture of the quality chain .
this [makes sure] a clear picture of the quality chain .

Our skills are invention ; we supply the technology and the catalysts — and the service which ensures continued efficiency .
our skills are invention ; we supply the technology and the catalysts — and the service which [makes sure] continued efficiency .

Continuous assessment , using a wide range of criteria , ensures a careful monitoring of progress and development .
continuous assessment , using a wide range of criteria , [makes sure] a careful monitoring of progress and development .

The vacuum created ensures an even pressure is applied throughout the surface of the mould so the part follows the contours of the mould perfectly , regardless of its complexity .
the vacuum created [makes sure] an even pressure is applied throughout the surface of the mould so the part follows the contours of the mould perfectly , regardless of its complexity .

The vessel , affectionately known as a scrubber , is a reactor that ensures no gas by-products from chemical processes are vented to the atmosphere .
the vessel , affectionately known as a scrubber , is a reactor that [makes sure] no gas by-products from chemical processes are vented to the atmosphere .

Making the characteristic impedances of the constant-k and m-derived filter sections identical also ensures that their critical frequencies are the same .
making the characteristic impedances of the constant-k and m-derived filter sections identical also [makes sure] that their critical frequencies are the same .

As pointed out before , this procedure ensures that every section is so loaded .
as pointed out before , this procedure [makes sure] that every section is so loaded .

This is a valuable tool at the disposal of the negotiator since it promotes movement towards agreement and yet ensures that proposals to give the buyer something are matched by proposals for a concession in return .
this is a valuable tool at the disposal of the negotiator since it promotes movement towards agreement and yet [makes sure] that proposals to give the buyer something are matched by proposals for a concession in return .

This kind of control ensures consistency , and expensive rejects of completed instruments are kept to a minimum .
this kind of control [makes sure] consistency , and expensive rejects of completed instruments are kept to a minimum .

This settling period ensures that the necks get used to the tension of strings before their final truss rod adjustment .
this settling period [makes sure] that the necks get used to the tension of strings before their final truss rod adjustment .

This , again , ensures that the pool of breeding stock is continually improved with the introduction of non-related bloodlines .
this , again , [makes sure] that the pool of breeding stock is continually improved with the introduction of non-related bloodlines .

The internal power filter is possibly the best choice for the beginner as it is very easy to maintain ( follow the rules for foam filters above ) and the powerhead on top ensures a good flow of water .
the internal power filter is possibly the best choice for the beginner as it is very easy to maintain ( follow the rules for foam filters above ) and the powerhead on top [makes sure] a good flow of water .

The use of sleeving on the l.e.d. wires ensures that they are all at the same height above the board : Also make sure that they are in line when viewed along the length of the sequence .
the use of sleeving on the l.e.d. wires [makes sure] that they are all at the same height above the board : also make sure that they are in line when viewed along the length of the sequence .

This ensures that anyone touching any wiring on the output side of the mains transformer will not be in contact with the mains wiring , and that ( providing the secondary is a low voltage winding ) they can not receive a severe electric shock .
this [makes sure] that anyone touching any wiring on the output side of the mains transformer will not be in contact with the mains wiring , and that ( providing the secondary is a low voltage winding ) they can not receive a severe electric shock .

Sometimes this is done quite deliberately — he refuses to think about the event at all — while at other times it is his subconscious mind which ensures that he is no longer troubled by it .
sometimes this is done quite deliberately — he refuses to think about the event at all — while at other times it is his subconscious mind which [makes sure] that he is no longer troubled by it .

This ball valve device seals off the sump area and ensures all detergent is used and is n't just washed away — another money saver .
this ball valve device seals off the sump area and [makes sure] all detergent is used and is n't just washed away — another money saver .

Average current consumption is about 170µA which ensures a battery life in excess of twelve months if alkaline cells are used .
average current consumption is about 170µa which [makes sure] a battery life in excess of twelve months if alkaline cells are used .

This ideally matches the requirements of the servos and ensures a smooth and rapid response .
this ideally matches the requirements of the servos and [makes sure] a smooth and rapid response .

Rhubarb , rhubarb … forcing ensures an earlier yield .
rhubarb , rhubarb … forcing [makes sure] an earlier yield .

Ring the Guitarist Competition Hotline on 0891 100734 and answer these three criminally easy questions correctly ensures you 're in with a shout .
ring the guitarist competition hotline on 0891 100734 and answer these three criminally easy questions correctly [makes sure] you 're in with a shout .

It is partly because our Western diets are varied ( and healthily so , because this ensures a wide range of necessary vitamins and minerals ) that we are tempted to overeat .
it is partly because our western diets are varied ( and healthily so , because this [makes sure] a wide range of necessary vitamins and minerals ) that we are tempted to overeat .

Coming from the Great Barrier Reef and other areas of the western Pacific the Square Anthias is never a cheap fish , but its beauty ensures that it will always be in demand .
coming from the great barrier reef and other areas of the western pacific the square anthias is never a cheap fish , but its beauty [makes sure] that it will always be in demand .

The try that has been reckoned the try of the World Cup ensures that .
the try that has been reckoned the try of the world cup [makes sure] that .

That runaway win ensures a full house at Stradey Park on Saturday to see defending champions Swansea in a repeat of last season 's Schweppes Cup final .
that runaway win [makes sure] a full house at stradey park on saturday to see defending champions swansea in a repeat of last season 's schweppes cup final .

This ensures that when commuters ' cars are absent during the day the space they free is incorporated into the pavement for walking and playing uses , not into the carriageway where it would encourage higher speeds .
this [makes sure] that when commuters ' cars are absent during the day the space they free is incorporated into the pavement for walking and playing uses , not into the carriageway where it would encourage higher speeds .

This ensures that the children do not forget their numbers .
this [makes sure] that the children do not forget their numbers .

This provides a smooth surface to paint over and ensures that the colours come up clean and bright .
this provides a smooth surface to paint over and [makes sure] that the colours come up clean and bright .

This ensures that your army and that of your opponent are reasonably balanced , and do n't consist entirely of cannons or Lord characters .
this [makes sure] that your army and that of your opponent are reasonably balanced , and do n't consist entirely of cannons or lord characters .

Here , International Software negotiates contracts with software vendors and ensures that customers get a good price .
here , international software negotiates contracts with software vendors and [makes sure] that customers get a good price .

This ensures that the pilot does not use the immense power of hydraulically operated controls to over-stress the structure of his aeroplane .
this [makes sure] that the pilot does not use the immense power of hydraulically operated controls to over-stress the structure of his aeroplane .

The Advertising Standards Authority not only monitors over 850 advertisements every months , it ensures compliance with the rules in the strict Code of Advertising Practice .
the advertising standards authority not only monitors over 850 advertisements every months , it [makes sure] compliance with the rules in the strict code of advertising practice .

It integrates previously incompatible data systems , improves transmission speeds , ensures that information is quickly available where , when and how it is needed .
it integrates previously incompatible data systems , improves transmission speeds , [makes sure] that information is quickly available where , when and how it is needed .

Excellent anti-corrosion protection means there is no chance of unsightly staining and the Dorman Long design ensures there will be no mildew forming on the plaster as a result of cold bridging .
excellent anti-corrosion protection means there is no chance of unsightly staining and the dorman long design [makes sure] there will be no mildew forming on the plaster as a result of cold bridging .

As Britain 's number-one manufacturer of heavy contract fibre-bonded carpets and carpet tiles we have a continual research and development programme that ensures we stay in tune with the latest production methods , design trends and quality control .
as britain 's number-one manufacturer of heavy contract fibre-bonded carpets and carpet tiles we have a continual research and development programme that [makes sure] we stay in tune with the latest production methods , design trends and quality control .

It gives the warmth without the bulk and the lightweight material ensures smooth base for the Egyptian influenced pastel patterned print .
it gives the warmth without the bulk and the lightweight material [makes sure] smooth base for the egyptian influenced pastel patterned print .

It 's a powerful force to be reckoned with , and one that ensures a true deep-down clean all around your home .
it 's a powerful force to be reckoned with , and one that [makes sure] a true deep-down clean all around your home .

• Unique positive clamping of the underlap rib with patented galvanised steel clips and spring engagement ensures panels stay in place whatever the weather .
• unique positive clamping of the underlap rib with patented galvanised steel clips and spring engagement [makes sure] panels stay in place whatever the weather .

This unique video shows all the build up to the World Angling Championship in 1990 , the practice sessions , discussions , the work which ensures that England remain at the top of the world .
this unique video shows all the build up to the world angling championship in 1990 , the practice sessions , discussions , the work which [makes sure] that england remain at the top of the world .

• Usual superior Dellorto quality and finish ensures longer life , reliability and low running costs .
• usual superior dellorto quality and finish [makes sure] longer life , reliability and low running costs .

• The seat-base ensures that the curve of the back rest is always at the right height
• the seat-base [makes sure] that the curve of the back rest is always at the right height

Tory MPs also felt that his performance ensures he lives to fight another day — and beyond .
tory mps also felt that his performance [makes sure] he lives to fight another day — and beyond .

Your support and our training ensures that future .
your support and our training [makes sure] that future .

Heterosexism ensures that the gut reaction of every heterosexual woman and young woman , as well as many lesbian workers and young lesbians , is to deny the ‘ accusation ’ — for that is certainly what it is meant to be .
heterosexism [makes sure] that the gut reaction of every heterosexual woman and young woman , as well as many lesbian workers and young lesbians , is to deny the ‘ accusation ’ — for that is certainly what it is meant to be .

Tucked under the grill is the hotplate light , operated by a switch on the grill canopy , which ensures that your grill and hotplate are always clearly illuminated .
tucked under the grill is the hotplate light , operated by a switch on the grill canopy , which [makes sure] that your grill and hotplate are always clearly illuminated .

This ensures that food is always cooked evenly across the full width of the vitreous enamelled grill-pan , so you can be sure of outstanding results every time you cook .
this [makes sure] that food is always cooked evenly across the full width of the vitreous enamelled grill-pan , so you can be sure of outstanding results every time you cook .

The kind of patience that ensures every join fits flush , every seam runs straight , every screw stays screwed .
the kind of patience that [makes sure] every join fits flush , every seam runs straight , every screw stays screwed .

Now with its proven anti-plaque formula , brushing with Topol ensures healthy teeth and gums .
now with its proven anti-plaque formula , brushing with topol [makes sure] healthy teeth and gums .

The Oyster case is the epitome of strength , carved from a solid block of Stainless Steel , Gold or Platinum , in no less than one hundred and sixty-two separate operations with a further thirty-two operations required to produce the Twinlock winding crown , a hermetic seal that ensures perfect waterproofing to a depth of one hundred metres .
the oyster case is the epitome of strength , carved from a solid block of stainless steel , gold or platinum , in no less than one hundred and sixty-two separate operations with a further thirty-two operations required to produce the twinlock winding crown , a hermetic seal that [makes sure] perfect waterproofing to a depth of one hundred metres .

This ensures that , if you suddenly pull the throttle stick hard back and drop the model onto the ground very hard , the blades will still be lifting and not pushing themselves down towards the tailboom .
this [makes sure] that , if you suddenly pull the throttle stick hard back and drop the model onto the ground very hard , the blades will still be lifting and not pushing themselves down towards the tailboom .

This ensures that the maximum amount of pitch is available for landing .
this [makes sure] that the maximum amount of pitch is available for landing .

Since θ for one tableau is equal to θ for the next , when increasing 0 , this ensures that we can not repeat a tableau .
since θ for one tableau is equal to θ for the next , when increasing 0 , this [makes sure] that we can not repeat a tableau .

Since simplex pivots can be chosen to avoid cycling and θ > θ ensures we will not reach the preceding tableau again , we will never repeat a tableau , when increasing θ .
since simplex pivots can be chosen to avoid cycling and θ > θ [makes sure] we will not reach the preceding tableau again , we will never repeat a tableau , when increasing θ .

Way Ahead have also arranged a special insurance policy that ensures a refund of up to £50 if the concert is cancelled due to Morrissey becoming ill while the fans are in Paris .
way ahead have also arranged a special insurance policy that [makes sure] a refund of up to £50 if the concert is cancelled due to morrissey becoming ill while the fans are in paris .

This duo looks set to spend the summer fighting understeer , that invigorating condition which ensures your racing car heads straight on when you are attempting a corner .
this duo looks set to spend the summer fighting understeer , that invigorating condition which [makes sure] your racing car heads straight on when you are attempting a corner .

It simply ensures that our beliefs and expectations are fulfilled , that they are consistent with what we experience , that the outer world mirrors our inner world .
it simply [makes sure] that our beliefs and expectations are fulfilled , that they are consistent with what we experience , that the outer world mirrors our inner world .

His dogged refusal to countenance devaluation ensures the economic failure of a future Labour government .
his dogged refusal to countenance devaluation [makes sure] the economic failure of a future labour government .

The tail aids stability by acting in the same way as a drogue which will keep the kite heading into wind , and its weight ensures that the centre of gravity is well behind the line attachment .
the tail aids stability by acting in the same way as a drogue which will keep the kite heading into wind , and its weight [makes sure] that the centre of gravity is well behind the line attachment .

Getting the circulation going ensures you are helping to efficiently pump gallons of blood around your body .
getting the circulation going [makes sure] you are helping to efficiently pump gallons of blood around your body .

The number of Big'uns in an Orc tribe is never very great , the natural process of growth and conflict ensures that there are always many more ordinary Orcs .
the number of big'uns in an orc tribe is never very great , the natural process of growth and conflict [makes sure] that there are always many more ordinary orcs .

The problem.solving framework , in contrast , ensures that the information that emerges regarding a specific pupil 's difficulty in its context is generated in such a way that it also helps teachers in general — whether or not they know the pupil under discussion — to learn to ask themselves the kinds of questions that are helpful whenever problems arise in any pupil 's learning situation .
the problem.solving framework , in contrast , [makes sure] that the information that emerges regarding a specific pupil 's difficulty in its context is generated in such a way that it also helps teachers in general — whether or not they know the pupil under discussion — to learn to ask themselves the kinds of questions that are helpful whenever problems arise in any pupil 's learning situation .

This not only hides it from predators but ensures that its soft body does not dry out .
this not only hides it from predators but [makes sure] that its soft body does not dry out .

This ensures that the cambium layers at the edges of the bud shield and the bared section of the stem are directly in contact for their entire length and there is no space between .
this [makes sure] that the cambium layers at the edges of the bud shield and the bared section of the stem are directly in contact for their entire length and there is no space between .

The list that follows tells you what proportion of your points you may spend on character models , regiments , war machines and allies . This ensures that your army and that of your opponent are reasonably balanced , and do n't consist entirely of cannons or Lord characters for example !
the list that follows tells you what proportion of your points you may spend on character models , regiments , war machines and allies . this [makes sure] that your army and that of your opponent are reasonably balanced , and do n't consist entirely of cannons or lord characters for example !

This power of ‘ patronage ’ imposes its own requirements on the nature of the press and ensures that the press , as well as other commercially funded media , continue to sell in order to sell readers to advertisers .
this power of ‘ patronage ’ imposes its own requirements on the nature of the press and [makes sure] that the press , as well as other commercially funded media , continue to sell in order to sell readers to advertisers .

Yet it is the state that ensures that only solicitors may be paid for transferring interests in land or that only doctors may issue death certificates .
yet it is the state that [makes sure] that only solicitors may be paid for transferring interests in land or that only doctors may issue death certificates .

It ensures geographical security , acts as a force multiplier , and brings Soviet power into the heart of Europe .
it [makes sure] geographical security , acts as a force multiplier , and brings soviet power into the heart of europe .

But he admits that it leaves as mysterious as in 1837 , how the maturation of the individual fertilized ovum ensures that the changes be adaptive in each generation .
but he admits that it leaves as mysterious as in 1837 , how the maturation of the individual fertilized ovum [makes sure] that the changes be adaptive in each generation .

Trend Kwikcoat is fast-drying , so that up to three coats may be applied in a day ; its acrylic base ensures it does not turn yellow ; it is low in odour ; and brushes may be washed out in water .
trend kwikcoat is fast-drying , so that up to three coats may be applied in a day ; its acrylic base [makes sure] it does not turn yellow ; it is low in odour ; and brushes may be washed out in water .

An airflow adjuster ensures that the suction power is controllable .
an airflow adjuster [makes sure] that the suction power is controllable .

Their special moisturising formula ensures great condition , too .
their special moisturising formula [makes sure] great condition , too .

The turmoil of adolescence ensures the expiry date flies by before all three can be used .
the turmoil of adolescence [makes sure] the expiry date flies by before all three can be used .

What ensures this is that the ideological apparatus responds ( damnation , approbation , incarceration ) .
what [makes sure] this is that the ideological apparatus responds ( damnation , approbation , incarceration ) .

Binding off has ‘ give ’ and ensures a round neck goes over the head .
binding off has ‘ give ’ and [makes sure] a round neck goes over the head .

The position of retired people ensures a degree of economic dependency for many , and poverty in a good many cases , which accentuates all other difficulties .
the position of retired people [makes sure] a degree of economic dependency for many , and poverty in a good many cases , which accentuates all other difficulties .

Thorough preparation ensures the success of the network meeting , with the likelihood that the social worker as key worker/case manager/nominated social worker has a simpler task thereafter .
thorough preparation [makes sure] the success of the network meeting , with the likelihood that the social worker as key worker/case manager/nominated social worker has a simpler task thereafter .

‘ This is all part of the craziness of the Common Agricultural Policy which ensures a yo-yo effect on prices .
‘ this is all part of the craziness of the common agricultural policy which [makes sure] a yo-yo effect on prices .

‘ This safety net ensures if something does go astray with sentencing , we do n't suffer in silence .
‘ this safety net [makes sure] if something does go astray with sentencing , we do n't suffer in silence .

The increased discipline of competition in the product market ( ie the market in which goods and services are sold ) ensures that firms will be more responsive to consumer demand , providing better quality goods at lower prices than previously .
the increased discipline of competition in the product market ( ie the market in which goods and services are sold ) [makes sure] that firms will be more responsive to consumer demand , providing better quality goods at lower prices than previously .

There is little short-term risk because underpricing ensures a handsome short term profit .
there is little short-term risk because underpricing [makes sure] a handsome short term profit .

However , Dr Robert Runcie , the then Archbishop of Canterbury , claimed in the House of Lords ( 2 February , 1987 ) that ‘ there is no automatic trickling down process that ensures that increased wealth will benefit the poor .
however , dr robert runcie , the then archbishop of canterbury , claimed in the house of lords ( 2 february , 1987 ) that ‘ there is no automatic trickling down process that [makes sure] that increased wealth will benefit the poor .

As the calculations are worked out it is vital that everyone in the Government ensures that all expenditure is scrutinised , that no money is wasted and that cuts do not fall on or anywhere near the people who are worst off in our society .
as the calculations are worked out it is vital that everyone in the government [makes sure] that all expenditure is scrutinised , that no money is wasted and that cuts do not fall on or anywhere near the people who are worst off in our society .

And her lawyers have been ruthless in thrashing out a divorce settlement with Fergie which ensures that she will never be able to take her children abroad where they would be out of the Queen 's control .
and her lawyers have been ruthless in thrashing out a divorce settlement with fergie which [makes sure] that she will never be able to take her children abroad where they would be out of the queen 's control .

The individual 's ‘ personal construct ’ ensures that reactions to particular situations occur in predictable patterns .
the individual 's ‘ personal construct ’ [makes sure] that reactions to particular situations occur in predictable patterns .

The work of Freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .
the work of freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind [makes sure] that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .

This ensures good eye contact which is very important in promoting mutual trust and confidence between members .
this [makes sure] good eye contact which is very important in promoting mutual trust and confidence between members .

But by stepping into the role the daughter ensures homeostasis within the family .
but by stepping into the role the daughter [makes sure] homeostasis within the family .

As we have seen , wood depends for its defences against crack propagation partly upon Jeronimidis ' work of fracture contrivance — which ensures that the critical Griffith crack length is a long one — and also , by way of a further safety device , upon the Cook-Gordon mechanism for stopping any crack which gets past George .
as we have seen , wood depends for its defences against crack propagation partly upon jeronimidis ' work of fracture contrivance — which [makes sure] that the critical griffith crack length is a long one — and also , by way of a further safety device , upon the cook-gordon mechanism for stopping any crack which gets past george .

Companies operating in a competitive environment have always been interested in details of their competitors ' performance , and the operation of market forces ensures that those that fail to match their competitors also fail to survive .
companies operating in a competitive environment have always been interested in details of their competitors ' performance , and the operation of market forces [makes sure] that those that fail to match their competitors also fail to survive .

a standard format ensures that each site responds to precisely the same questions ;
a standard format [makes sure] that each site responds to precisely the same questions ;

The concept of the power inherent in knowledge ensures the sharing of this power and the magical skills to guarantee victory to the warrior , abundance to the herdsman and agriculturist , and fecundity to women , etc .
the concept of the power inherent in knowledge [makes sure] the sharing of this power and the magical skills to guarantee victory to the warrior , abundance to the herdsman and agriculturist , and fecundity to women , etc .

Any conflict within the enterprise can be explained away in terms of ‘ personality conflicts ’ which not only lodges the conflict in a few people but ensures that others can cooperate as a good family might do in phantasy .
any conflict within the enterprise can be explained away in terms of ‘ personality conflicts ’ which not only lodges the conflict in a few people but [makes sure] that others can cooperate as a good family might do in phantasy .

Paying 1 % to intermediaries bringing in clients ' money to its lump-sum only Tessas , Save & Prosper ensures loyalty by imposing a £50 transfer fee .
paying 1 % to intermediaries bringing in clients ' money to its lump-sum only tessas , save & prosper [makes sure] loyalty by imposing a £50 transfer fee .

Disclosure ensures that all those with a legitimate interest in a company have the information which they need to exercise their rights and responsibilities towards it .
disclosure [makes sure] that all those with a legitimate interest in a company have the information which they need to exercise their rights and responsibilities towards it .

The restriction to facilities provided by the same lender or group of lenders ensures that the facility and the borrowings in question are related .
the restriction to facilities provided by the same lender or group of lenders [makes sure] that the facility and the borrowings in question are related .

Where the money collected is wrong and the fault is not yours , an indemnity comes into operation which ensures that , at your request , the money is immediately refunded to the account it came from .
where the money collected is wrong and the fault is not yours , an indemnity comes into operation which [makes sure] that , at your request , the money is immediately refunded to the account it came from .

‘ Disclosure ensures that all those with a legitimate interest in a company have the information which they need in order to exercise their rights and responsibilities towards it .
‘ disclosure [makes sure] that all those with a legitimate interest in a company have the information which they need in order to exercise their rights and responsibilities towards it .

This then ensures that fraud can not be committed without the collusion of at least two individuals .
this then [makes sure] that fraud can not be committed without the collusion of at least two individuals .

This arrangement is particularly suited to a society where wealth is concentrated in the ownership of land , because it ensures that an undivided estate can be passed on to succeeding generations in the family .
this arrangement is particularly suited to a society where wealth is concentrated in the ownership of land , because it [makes sure] that an undivided estate can be passed on to succeeding generations in the family .

The authoritarian and mechanistic character of the prison system also ensures that the staff reformer is vulnerable to being co-opted , marginalized or driven out .
the authoritarian and mechanistic character of the prison system also [makes sure] that the staff reformer is vulnerable to being co-opted , marginalized or driven out .

The hugely daunting size of the problem — nearly 1,200 gaols under the control of thirty-one different states — ensures that even unequivocal instructions from the Supreme Court are anything but universally implemented .
the hugely daunting size of the problem — nearly 1,200 gaols under the control of thirty-one different states — [makes sure] that even unequivocal instructions from the supreme court are anything but universally implemented .

The general argument is that the existence of crime ensures sufficient diversity of behaviour and belief to allow society to adapt to new conditions .
the general argument is that the existence of crime [makes sure] sufficient diversity of behaviour and belief to allow society to adapt to new conditions .

It seems perverse , to say the least , to argue that criminalising some forms of behaviour ensures their survival and future usefulness ( or , conversely , that not criminalising them would guarantee their extinction ) !
it seems perverse , to say the least , to argue that criminalising some forms of behaviour [makes sure] their survival and future usefulness ( or , conversely , that not criminalising them would guarantee their extinction ) !

It also ensures that 30 % of the unlogged merchantable forest will be protected .
it also [makes sure] that 30 % of the unlogged merchantable forest will be protected .

In order for this to happen a decentralised partnership between residential workers and social service teams is required , which ensures joint participation and influence in child care decisions .
in order for this to happen a decentralised partnership between residential workers and social service teams is required , which [makes sure] joint participation and influence in child care decisions .

This natural dam ensures that , even during the driest part of the year , the river level stays high .
this natural dam [makes sure] that , even during the driest part of the year , the river level stays high .

He therefore ensures that the orang population within his home range is kept below its carrying capacity .
he therefore [makes sure] that the orang population within his home range is kept below its carrying capacity .

Headway Advanced 's multi-syllabus organization ensures that vocabulary , reading , writing , and discussion skills are all systematically developed .
headway advanced 's multi-syllabus organization [makes sure] that vocabulary , reading , writing , and discussion skills are all systematically developed .

Fanfare ensures that children 's first , all-important encounter with English is a highly pleasurable experience .
fanfare [makes sure] that children 's first , all-important encounter with english is a highly pleasurable experience .

The new edition ensures that these extensively researched tests are now even easier to administer and quicker to mark .
the new edition [makes sure] that these extensively researched tests are now even easier to administer and quicker to mark .

This helps to reinforce the meaning of the structures students are learning , and ensures that form is rarely looked at in isolation .
this helps to reinforce the meaning of the structures students are learning , and [makes sure] that form is rarely looked at in isolation .

This ensures that everyone 's interest can be engaged and that there is never time for the class to get bored .
this [makes sure] that everyone 's interest can be engaged and that there is never time for the class to get bored .

The Activity Book , illustrated in full-colour , ensures that the language work presented in the video is developed to the full through a variety of lively exercises , games , and tasks .
the activity book , illustrated in full-colour , [makes sure] that the language work presented in the video is developed to the full through a variety of lively exercises , games , and tasks .

Toy Box ensures that a child 's first encounter with English will be a positive one .
toy box [makes sure] that a child 's first encounter with english will be a positive one .

The Activity Book for the student contains a wealth of material which ensures that the maximum benefit will be gained from the video . For each episode there are
the activity book for the student contains a wealth of material which [makes sure] that the maximum benefit will be gained from the video . for each episode there are

Their enduring popularity ensures that disposing of young Angels is easy , unlike some easily-bred fish .
their enduring popularity [makes sure] that disposing of young angels is easy , unlike some easily-bred fish .

sound ) , ensures that two languages can not be mixed directly , and the use of an interlanguage is discouraged from the earliest stages of language learning .
sound ) , [makes sure] that two languages can not be mixed directly , and the use of an interlanguage is discouraged from the earliest stages of language learning .

The observer needs some discipline which ensures that he really does focus on the detail and separates the action into a coherent sequence .
the observer needs some discipline which [makes sure] that he really does focus on the detail and separates the action into a coherent sequence .

This split which ensures that the main emphasis in educational achievement rests on cognitive or intellectual pursuits contrasts with the situation in the Soviet Union where the central unity of the human being pervades all levels of education .
this split which [makes sure] that the main emphasis in educational achievement rests on cognitive or intellectual pursuits contrasts with the situation in the soviet union where the central unity of the human being pervades all levels of education .

The triple alliance between academic subjects , academic examinations and able pupils ensures that comprehensive schools provide similar patterns of curriculum differentiation to previous school systems .
the triple alliance between academic subjects , academic examinations and able pupils [makes sure] that comprehensive schools provide similar patterns of curriculum differentiation to previous school systems .

Teachers and textbook writers need a framework of understanding which ensures that they avoid underestimating the complex competence which all native speakers have in their mother tongue .
teachers and textbook writers need a framework of understanding which [makes sure] that they avoid underestimating the complex competence which all native speakers have in their mother tongue .

… and the rim of the hole into which it will fit . This ensures that adhesive is carried down into the hole
… and the rim of the hole into which it will fit . this [makes sure] that adhesive is carried down into the hole

This ensures adequate data for the decision-makers and a general awareness of the situation through the membership so that they can reassess their level of commitment .
this [makes sure] adequate data for the decision-makers and a general awareness of the situation through the membership so that they can reassess their level of commitment .

If their influence over public policy is to be maintained , it is essential that the state ensures a broad degree of support for state policy from other fractions of capital , from intermediate class categories ( such as the petit bourgeoisie and non-manual groups ) , and from significant sections of the working class .
if their influence over public policy is to be maintained , it is essential that the state [makes sure] a broad degree of support for state policy from other fractions of capital , from intermediate class categories ( such as the petit bourgeoisie and non-manual groups ) , and from significant sections of the working class .

The hunt , indeed , is a spiritual barometer of brotherly love and communal affection , and , most significantly , ensures the fertility of women .
the hunt , indeed , is a spiritual barometer of brotherly love and communal affection , and , most significantly , [makes sure] the fertility of women .

This gives a much bigger ‘ sweet spot ’ for the golfer to use and ensures that the effect of a slightly off-centre strike is minimised .
this gives a much bigger ‘ sweet spot ’ for the golfer to use and [makes sure] that the effect of a slightly off-centre strike is minimised .

The system ensures additional cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints .
the system [makes sure] additional cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints .

Plexicushion Prestige ensures additional cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints
plexicushion prestige [makes sure] additional cushioning which should , according to the company , help to prevent player fatigue and wear and tear on muscles and joints

Walu 's unique design , which sees a high quality , white polyester cover stretched over a cross timber frame , ensures durability with minimal maintenance .
walu 's unique design , which sees a high quality , white polyester cover stretched over a cross timber frame , [makes sure] durability with minimal maintenance .

Similarly , the Axis outsole ensures correct alignment between the rear and the front of the foot for maximum energy return .
similarly , the axis outsole [makes sure] correct alignment between the rear and the front of the foot for maximum energy return .

Taking them to the surgery for routine checks ensures that they should not associate this with unpleasant stimuli .
taking them to the surgery for routine checks [makes sure] that they should not associate this with unpleasant stimuli .

The combination of careful timing by the female cuckoo , together with a short incubation period , ensures that on most occasions this happens .
the combination of careful timing by the female cuckoo , together with a short incubation period , [makes sure] that on most occasions this happens .

By being reared alone , it gets all the food its foster parents can bring and it has a useful adaptation that ensures that the food keeps on coming — a huge , startlingly red gape .
by being reared alone , it gets all the food its foster parents can bring and it has a useful adaptation that [makes sure] that the food keeps on coming — a huge , startlingly red gape .

Since fertilisation is external , with the male 's sperm being shed over the eggs as they are laid , amplexus ensures that the male is in the right place at the right time to fertilise the eggs .
since fertilisation is external , with the male 's sperm being shed over the eggs as they are laid , amplexus [makes sure] that the male is in the right place at the right time to fertilise the eggs .

Multiprofessional teams bring a range of educational backgrounds , training and expertise to bear on the management of individual cases , which ensures that care is not dominated by one single professional approach .
multiprofessional teams bring a range of educational backgrounds , training and expertise to bear on the management of individual cases , which [makes sure] that care is not dominated by one single professional approach .

This ensures that they would not be prepared to renegotiate back to the original agreement .
this [makes sure] that they would not be prepared to renegotiate back to the original agreement .

It is the existence of the power that ensures the supremacy of the Cabinet and of the Prime Minister within the Cabinet .
it is the existence of the power that [makes sure] the supremacy of the cabinet and of the prime minister within the cabinet .

This particular social context , in which the magistrate 's role is that of questioner , ensures a high concentration of naturally occurring relevant data .
this particular social context , in which the magistrate 's role is that of questioner , [makes sure] a high concentration of naturally occurring relevant data .

Meanwhile the strong element of central intervention ensures that one local authority can not be very different in its policies from all the others ; citizens can travel round the country to places under different party control without detecting any very noticeable variations in the quality of local services .
meanwhile the strong element of central intervention [makes sure] that one local authority can not be very different in its policies from all the others ; citizens can travel round the country to places under different party control without detecting any very noticeable variations in the quality of local services .

Nevertheless , the peculiar quality of the rural environment as a ‘ positional good ’ ensures that environmental conflict remains part of the ‘ politics of affluence ’ .
nevertheless , the peculiar quality of the rural environment as a ‘ positional good ’ [makes sure] that environmental conflict remains part of the ‘ politics of affluence ’ .

Parliament debates the great issues of the day , controls national expenditure and taxation , criticises government policy as an aid to its improvement , scrutinises the work of the central administration , and ensures the redress of collective and individual grievances .
parliament debates the great issues of the day , controls national expenditure and taxation , criticises government policy as an aid to its improvement , scrutinises the work of the central administration , and [makes sure] the redress of collective and individual grievances .

It ensures the effective expression of the political will of the electorate through the medium of its parliamentary representatives .
it [makes sure] the effective expression of the political will of the electorate through the medium of its parliamentary representatives .

This is not only to their credit , but to the credit also of the staff of the choir schools , whose dedication ensures that such schools will surely continue to have a special place in our educational system .
this is not only to their credit , but to the credit also of the staff of the choir schools , whose dedication [makes sure] that such schools will surely continue to have a special place in our educational system .

However , the loss of family credit and housing benefit ensures that some poor working families face a marginal tax rate of three times this level .
however , the loss of family credit and housing benefit [makes sure] that some poor working families face a marginal tax rate of three times this level .

If correct , it might imply that in a capitalist society our ordinary thoughts are part of a ‘ capitalist ideology ’ , which ensures that capitalists reap their profits whilst the rest of us are kept in obedient subordination .
if correct , it might imply that in a capitalist society our ordinary thoughts are part of a ‘ capitalist ideology ’ , which [makes sure] that capitalists reap their profits whilst the rest of us are kept in obedient subordination .

The traditional budget ensures compliance with the conditions set out in the appropriations ; that is , it acts as a control mechanism .
the traditional budget [makes sure] compliance with the conditions set out in the appropriations ; that is , it acts as a control mechanism .

Scattered experts will contribute to complex team interfaces , but only if frequent pruning ensures that their scarce time is n't wasted on needless meetings .
scattered experts will contribute to complex team interfaces , but only if frequent pruning [makes sure] that their scarce time is n't wasted on needless meetings .

From then on , its structure of expectations ensures continued reproduction of the region 's identity , although both external and , less likely , internal forces may conspire to destroy it .
from then on , its structure of expectations [makes sure] continued reproduction of the region 's identity , although both external and , less likely , internal forces may conspire to destroy it .

This test precisely locates the form responsible for a given meaning , and at the same time ensures that its role is that of a semantic constituent ; from 6 we can therefore conclude that cat is a semantic constituent of The cat sat on the mat .
this test precisely locates the form responsible for a given meaning , and at the same time [makes sure] that its role is that of a semantic constituent ; from 6 we can therefore conclude that cat is a semantic constituent of the cat sat on the mat .

This condition is automatically satisfied by any non-branching hierarchy ; its particular significance , however , is in respect of branching hierarchies , as it ensures that the branches do not converge . Consider the structure illustrated in fig. 5.2 :
this condition is automatically satisfied by any non-branching hierarchy ; its particular significance , however , is in respect of branching hierarchies , as it [makes sure] that the branches do not converge . consider the structure illustrated in fig. 5.2 :

It ensures the ability of democratically elected Members of Parliament to discuss what they will ( freedom of debate ) and to say what they will ( freedom of speech ) .
it [makes sure] the ability of democratically elected members of parliament to discuss what they will ( freedom of debate ) and to say what they will ( freedom of speech ) .

In this way , it ensures that every step of its outward journey leaves a pungent reminder to guide it back home .
in this way , it [makes sure] that every step of its outward journey leaves a pungent reminder to guide it back home .

The direct transfer of capital from one generation to the next is the primary way in which reproduction takes place , because it ensures that wealth will remain in the family .
the direct transfer of capital from one generation to the next is the primary way in which reproduction takes place , because it [makes sure] that wealth will remain in the family .

What is generally and inherently good about getting true beliefs is that they 're useful , in the following sense : truth is that property of our beliefs which ensures that the actions they make us perform will succeed .
what is generally and inherently good about getting true beliefs is that they 're useful , in the following sense : truth is that property of our beliefs which [makes sure] that the actions they make us perform will succeed .

And that 's what the truth of our beliefs ensures : that the actions they combine with our desires to cause will succeed in fulfilling those desires .
and that 's what the truth of our beliefs [makes sure] : that the actions they combine with our desires to cause will succeed in fulfilling those desires .

The guiding hand of Patrick Lavoix and his team in Paris ensures that there is a common handwriting to Christian Dior licensed products around the world , so there is a connecting theme between licensees .
the guiding hand of patrick lavoix and his team in paris [makes sure] that there is a common handwriting to christian dior licensed products around the world , so there is a connecting theme between licensees .

And imprisonment ensures that the offender is deprived of the opportunity to commit at least some kinds of offence for the duration .
and imprisonment [makes sure] that the offender is deprived of the opportunity to commit at least some kinds of offence for the duration .

It thus ensures that wrongdoers do not profit from their wrongdoings , and is justified because if we failed to punish lawbreakers it would be unfair to the law-abiding .
it thus [makes sure] that wrongdoers do not profit from their wrongdoings , and is justified because if we failed to punish lawbreakers it would be unfair to the law-abiding .

What then ensures that you keep within the confines of the crime novel ?
what then [makes sure] that you keep within the confines of the crime novel ?

Early regular mobilisation of the prepuce after surgery ensures an excellent functional and cosmetic result .
early regular mobilisation of the prepuce after surgery [makes sure] an excellent functional and cosmetic result .

The project now ensures young people can use telephone boxes outside the home as well as inside , according to the deputy head Alan Clark .
the project now [makes sure] young people can use telephone boxes outside the home as well as inside , according to the deputy head alan clark .

Medical input ensures that physical illness is treated where possible , and attendance at the day hospital allows regular review of medication to take place .
medical input [makes sure] that physical illness is treated where possible , and attendance at the day hospital allows regular review of medication to take place .

Copying of a single letter to all those involved in the care of a patient ensures that issues of overlap and interaction are less often overlooked .
copying of a single letter to all those involved in the care of a patient [makes sure] that issues of overlap and interaction are less often overlooked .

With regard to `` temporality `` ( in the sense in which this concept was used above ) , this can not be regarded as a sufficient condition of particularity so long as it is not shown that temporality alone ( in the indicated sense ) ensures numerical identity of particulars ; and if we are to be able to justifiably claim that it is a necessary condition of particularity , we must first show that there can be no extra-temporal particulars . ``
with regard to `` temporality `` ( in the sense in which this concept was used above ) , this can not be regarded as a sufficient condition of particularity so long as it is not shown that temporality alone ( in the indicated sense ) [makes sure] numerical identity of particulars ; and if we are to be able to justifiably claim that it is a necessary condition of particularity , we must first show that there can be no extra-temporal particulars . ``

But this answer is still not satisfactory , for the question remains , why is it necessary for such a unitary space and time to be other than a phenomenological space and time ? It is just not good enough to say that a spatial position in a unitary space alone ensures the numerical uniqueness of its occupier . For what guarantee is there that it does so objectively ? Or , to change the question slightly , if space and time are ( as Kant claims ) " pure intuitions " , what confers objectivity upon such intuitions ?
but this answer is still not satisfactory , for the question remains , why is it necessary for such a unitary space and time to be other than a phenomenological space and time ? it is just not good enough to say that a spatial position in a unitary space alone [makes sure] the numerical uniqueness of its occupier . for what guarantee is there that it does so objectively ? or , to change the question slightly , if space and time are ( as kant claims ) " pure intuitions " , what confers objectivity upon such intuitions ?

Moreover , the fact that experience of objects is to be had only under the form of space and time ensures the applicability of mathematics to the whole or the phenomenal ( and hence physical ) world .
moreover , the fact that experience of objects is to be had only under the form of space and time [makes sure] the applicability of mathematics to the whole or the phenomenal ( and hence physical ) world .

The economic and social requirements of British society create disadvantaged positions in the class structure and it is the racism of British society that ensures that black people continue to fill them .
the economic and social requirements of british society create disadvantaged positions in the class structure and it is the racism of british society that [makes sure] that black people continue to fill them .

The exercise is principally an informational one : it ensures not only that the minister is informed of local views for and against a proposal but also that those views are tested in the inspector 's enquiry , and fully considered in the subsequent report by the inspector to the minister .
the exercise is principally an informational one : it [makes sure] not only that the minister is informed of local views for and against a proposal but also that those views are tested in the inspector 's enquiry , and fully considered in the subsequent report by the inspector to the minister .

The doctrine of precedent ensures that decisions of the Court of Appeal and House of Lords are of the greatest importance for lawyers and litigants alike .
the doctrine of precedent [makes sure] that decisions of the court of appeal and house of lords are of the greatest importance for lawyers and litigants alike .

Perhaps it is a distinctive signal which ensures that the parents do not eat the piglets but treat them with the restraint and solicitude due to babies .
perhaps it is a distinctive signal which [makes sure] that the parents do not eat the piglets but treat them with the restraint and solicitude due to babies .

Such a placing also ensures that insects coming to feed on it , even if they seek nothing else , are dusted with the pollen that the plants require them to carry .
such a placing also [makes sure] that insects coming to feed on it , even if they seek nothing else , are dusted with the pollen that the plants require them to carry .

The company describes itself as ‘ essentially a warehousing operation with a sales front end ’ , and believes it is unique as a distribution agent in its very clearly defined ‘ editorial ’ view , which ensures that the mix of publishers whom it represents falls into three distinct categories : mind , body and spirit ; women 's ; and literature .
the company describes itself as ‘ essentially a warehousing operation with a sales front end ’ , and believes it is unique as a distribution agent in its very clearly defined ‘ editorial ’ view , which [makes sure] that the mix of publishers whom it represents falls into three distinct categories : mind , body and spirit ; women 's ; and literature .

This restriction ensures that section 87 can not be exploited , that there will be no difficulty in identifying a genuine successor and that only bona fide claims to have been residing with the tenant shall succeed .
this restriction [makes sure] that section 87 can not be exploited , that there will be no difficulty in identifying a genuine successor and that only bona fide claims to have been residing with the tenant shall succeed .

It ensures that Peter 's will go on being a yachtsman 's haven for many decades to come .
it [makes sure] that peter 's will go on being a yachtsman 's haven for many decades to come .

They may persuade themselves that they are eating large quantities of food even though the low calorie count ensures continued weight stability or loss .
they may persuade themselves that they are eating large quantities of food even though the low calorie count [makes sure] continued weight stability or loss .

Rigorous party discipline ensures the party government of the day nearly always has the support of its parliamentary majority in the Commons .
rigorous party discipline [makes sure] the party government of the day nearly always has the support of its parliamentary majority in the commons .

Ideally , the top professional buyer will seek Board status as the company 's senior buyer , since this ensures his or her involvement in all major purchase decisions .
ideally , the top professional buyer will seek board status as the company 's senior buyer , since this [makes sure] his or her involvement in all major purchase decisions .

This complex of elements and activities should be managed such that it ensures that the right product is available at the right price in the right place at the appropriate time to satisfy the needs of target customers in the chosen market segments .
this complex of elements and activities should be managed such that it [makes sure] that the right product is available at the right price in the right place at the appropriate time to satisfy the needs of target customers in the chosen market segments .

‘ Mona ’ ensures that if you did n't want to strangle Craig McLachlan before , then you will now , whilst ‘ Diddley Daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ Little Girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ Who Do You Love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .
‘ mona ’ [makes sure] that if you did n't want to strangle craig mclachlan before , then you will now , whilst ‘ diddley daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ little girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ who do you love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .

Perhaps the most important aspect of the scheme is that it ensures that guidance staff are not deployed as disciplinarians .
perhaps the most important aspect of the scheme is that it [makes sure] that guidance staff are not deployed as disciplinarians .

Of course , the rival may fight back , but the point is not that this type of calculation ensures a successful barrier to entry , but that it provides a way of assessing what it will cost the rival to surmount the barrier to attain cost leadership .
of course , the rival may fight back , but the point is not that this type of calculation [makes sure] a successful barrier to entry , but that it provides a way of assessing what it will cost the rival to surmount the barrier to attain cost leadership .

One answer is that courtship ensures that animals mate with other individuals of the correct species , sex and condition .
one answer is that courtship [makes sure] that animals mate with other individuals of the correct species , sex and condition .

We can now add that controlling ensures that the travellers know how well they are progressing along the route , how correct their map is , and what deviations , if any , they need to make to stay on course .
we can now add that controlling [makes sure] that the travellers know how well they are progressing along the route , how correct their map is , and what deviations , if any , they need to make to stay on course .

The committee system generally ensures detailed coverage of council business .
the committee system generally [makes sure] detailed coverage of council business .

Schumpeter is still prone to lapses into Paretian historical generalisation , but on the whole his methodological self-consciousness , though unobtrusive , ensures a constant and intellectually stimulating interaction between criticism and historical detail , between definition and reality .
schumpeter is still prone to lapses into paretian historical generalisation , but on the whole his methodological self-consciousness , though unobtrusive , [makes sure] a constant and intellectually stimulating interaction between criticism and historical detail , between definition and reality .

Furthermore , the electoral mechanism ensures that the government does not persistently decide in favour of one group above others since the overt bias in favour of one group will alienate the government from the rest and will lead to the government losing office come the next time it faces its electorate .
furthermore , the electoral mechanism [makes sure] that the government does not persistently decide in favour of one group above others since the overt bias in favour of one group will alienate the government from the rest and will lead to the government losing office come the next time it faces its electorate .

Peripheries in relatively advanced societies which have undergone the process of homogenisation described by Shils may be susceptible to investigation by pluralist methods , if only because the overwhelming predominance of a specific value-system ensures that peripheral conflict is usually limited to items which do not impinge on the central elite values .
peripheries in relatively advanced societies which have undergone the process of homogenisation described by shils may be susceptible to investigation by pluralist methods , if only because the overwhelming predominance of a specific value-system [makes sure] that peripheral conflict is usually limited to items which do not impinge on the central elite values .

Warmth , moisture and deep-rooted plants ensures the presence of mature soils on all these island ; coastal regions of the three largest are notably green , with rich stands of tussock grasses , shrubs and fellfields .
warmth , moisture and deep-rooted plants [makes sure] the presence of mature soils on all these island ; coastal regions of the three largest are notably green , with rich stands of tussock grasses , shrubs and fellfields .

The presence of soils in turn ensures the presence of breeding petrels that burrow in soils , or require the dense vegetation for nesting , and of a few species of birds ( and indeed of introduced mammals ) that live entirely on the resources of the land .
the presence of soils in turn [makes sure] the presence of breeding petrels that burrow in soils , or require the dense vegetation for nesting , and of a few species of birds ( and indeed of introduced mammals ) that live entirely on the resources of the land .

Mackintosh ( 1960 ) draws attention to an important aspect of the annual vertical migration that many species follow ; dispersing northward at the surface in summer , their descent to 400–600 m in winter ensures that they return south in the southward-flowing waters at those depths .
mackintosh ( 1960 ) draws attention to an important aspect of the annual vertical migration that many species follow ; dispersing northward at the surface in summer , their descent to 400–600 m in winter [makes sure] that they return south in the southward-flowing waters at those depths .

Finally , the commercial imperative to make media coverage as entertaining and marketable as possible ensures a priority on the dramatic , violent and spectacular .
finally , the commercial imperative to make media coverage as entertaining and marketable as possible [makes sure] a priority on the dramatic , violent and spectacular .

It aims at bringing about a Bill of Rights , a fair electoral system , proper devolution and a written constitution that ensures government is subject to the rule of law .
it aims at bringing about a bill of rights , a fair electoral system , proper devolution and a written constitution that [makes sure] government is subject to the rule of law .

Steaming fish the Cantonese way ensures that the delicate flesh remains moist .
steaming fish the cantonese way [makes sure] that the delicate flesh remains moist .

This ingenious device ensures power is switched off whenever the bulb is removed so there 's no risk of electrocution — a comforting thought when you 're balanced on a stool , fitment in one hand and replacement bulb in the other .
this ingenious device [makes sure] power is switched off whenever the bulb is removed so there 's no risk of electrocution — a comforting thought when you 're balanced on a stool , fitment in one hand and replacement bulb in the other .

The unique Master Baker non-stick silicone coating ensures a perfect turn-out .
the unique master baker non-stick silicone coating [makes sure] a perfect turn-out .

Not more than 8 children per resident minder ensures sound supervision .
not more than 8 children per resident minder [makes sure] sound supervision .

Gayle Rubin has productively suggested that the whole idea of having more and less acceptable areas of consensual sexual activity is one of the concepts which ensures that the oppression of sexual minorities will continue .
gayle rubin has productively suggested that the whole idea of having more and less acceptable areas of consensual sexual activity is one of the concepts which [makes sure] that the oppression of sexual minorities will continue .

The engine of these systems is the ‘ labour pump ’ , the device which South Africans used to call ‘ influx control ’ , which ensures that migrant labour circulates and can be pumped out back to its Bantustan when no longer required .
the engine of these systems is the ‘ labour pump ’ , the device which south africans used to call ‘ influx control ’ , which [makes sure] that migrant labour circulates and can be pumped out back to its bantustan when no longer required .

The program also added Vertical Justification which ensures that the top and bottom lines of a multiple column page do align correctly .
the program also added vertical justification which [makes sure] that the top and bottom lines of a multiple column page do align correctly .

Media coverage in the television age ensures that public attention is captured whilst slogans are shouted and wrongs exposed .
media coverage in the television age [makes sure] that public attention is captured whilst slogans are shouted and wrongs exposed .

This ensures that the pool fits into the general scene and is of compatible size .
this [makes sure] that the pool fits into the general scene and is of compatible size .

The way in which the arpeggio-figure has been divided between 2nd violin and viola prevents harmonic thinness and ensures smoothness .
the way in which the arpeggio-figure has been divided between 2nd violin and viola prevents harmonic thinness and [makes sure] smoothness .

In drawing such sections it is normal to have them at equal distances at right angles to the guide line which ensures that they are correctly related .
in drawing such sections it is normal to have them at equal distances at right angles to the guide line which [makes sure] that they are correctly related .

The transmission of values ensures continuity and allows the organisation to survive changes in personnel .
the transmission of values [makes sure] continuity and allows the organisation to survive changes in personnel .

ensures commitment to that vision .
[makes sure] commitment to that vision .

The real importance of musical form is of a psychological nature : music is an emotive message ; and good form ensures that the message is convincing , unified , and complete .
the real importance of musical form is of a psychological nature : music is an emotive message ; and good form [makes sure] that the message is convincing , unified , and complete .

As a consequence of these complications the Modular Course has to operate a planning and response structure , through its own committees and crucially through a termly meeting of Heads of Departments contributing to the Course , that is not only sensitive to overall Polytechnic directives but also ensures a sensible collaborative response .
as a consequence of these complications the modular course has to operate a planning and response structure , through its own committees and crucially through a termly meeting of heads of departments contributing to the course , that is not only sensitive to overall polytechnic directives but also [makes sure] a sensible collaborative response .

The appointment of the Modular Evaluation Officer ensures that the broader aspects of the Course are ( also ) reviewed .
the appointment of the modular evaluation officer [makes sure] that the broader aspects of the course are ( also ) reviewed .

It ensures that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .
it [makes sure] that the solicitor only sees those clients who have been identified by a volunteer worker as being in need of professional advice ; it provides a free initial interview to encourage those who may be worried about cost ; and it permits the solicitor to take on those clients who may need more extensive legal assistance .

The charge generally ensures that the Legal Aid Board is not out of pocket .
the charge generally [makes sure] that the legal aid board is not out of pocket .

This ensures optimum boiler performance and efficiencies are maintained at all flue lengths .
this [makes sure] optimum boiler performance and efficiencies are maintained at all flue lengths .

Thus it ensures a continuous process of review covering all permissions .
thus it [makes sure] a continuous process of review covering all permissions .

Overall , British Coal has argued its operations generate some £30 million of wages annually in South Wales , produces cheap coal , and , once its work is complete , ensures the local community is provided with environmental benefits .
overall , british coal has argued its operations generate some £30 million of wages annually in south wales , produces cheap coal , and , once its work is complete , [makes sure] the local community is provided with environmental benefits .

Straight talking finally ensures the price is right for all sides in big fuel debate .
straight talking finally [makes sure] the price is right for all sides in big fuel debate .

‘ Correctly pricing the gas at its fully competitive worth ensures that what is after all a scarce and valuable natural resource is rightly conserved by end users .
‘ correctly pricing the gas at its fully competitive worth [makes sure] that what is after all a scarce and valuable natural resource is rightly conserved by end users .

Our continuing investment in state of the art technology ensures that our production facilities are second to none .
our continuing investment in state of the art technology [makes sure] that our production facilities are second to none .

Our development of complex beer flavour concentrates ensures that wherever Guinness stout is brewed in the world , consumers will enjoy the consistent taste they expect from Guinness .
our development of complex beer flavour concentrates [makes sure] that wherever guinness stout is brewed in the world , consumers will enjoy the consistent taste they expect from guinness .

Our continued investment in production facilities not only ensures a top quality product but sets the standard for state of the art operations .
our continued investment in production facilities not only [makes sure] a top quality product but sets the standard for state of the art operations .

This ensures that even a detailed discussion of the evidence is selective .
this [makes sure] that even a detailed discussion of the evidence is selective .

To Emma Durham , the Treasurer , who against difficult odds kept us solvent , to Michelle O'Callaghan , the Social Secretary , whose art of mixing cocktails ensures that she will always have something to fall back on should the need arise , and to Diane Mynors , the Housechair for her ability to seek out bargains ( how many people do you know that could get 14 bottles of dishwashing liquid for 64 p .
to emma durham , the treasurer , who against difficult odds kept us solvent , to michelle o'callaghan , the social secretary , whose art of mixing cocktails [makes sure] that she will always have something to fall back on should the need arise , and to diane mynors , the housechair for her ability to seek out bargains ( how many people do you know that could get 14 bottles of dishwashing liquid for 64 p .

The extra processing it requires is rewarded by an improvement in the hearer 's encyclopedic entries which ensures a greater understanding of the surrounding discourse or text .
the extra processing it requires is rewarded by an improvement in the hearer 's encyclopedic entries which [makes sure] a greater understanding of the surrounding discourse or text .

The mix and match formula ensures that shareholders are treated on an equal basis .
the mix and match formula [makes sure] that shareholders are treated on an equal basis .

Not only does this protect the target 's shareholders but it also ensures that the target is not subjected to the disruption caused by frivolous bids or , for example , announcements designed to fuel an increase in the target 's share price through the expectation of an offer merely so that the potential offeror can sell its stake in the target at a profit .
not only does this protect the target 's shareholders but it also [makes sure] that the target is not subjected to the disruption caused by frivolous bids or , for example , announcements designed to fuel an increase in the target 's share price through the expectation of an offer merely so that the potential offeror can sell its stake in the target at a profit .

This ensures the consistent application of vetting criteria .
this [makes sure] the consistent application of vetting criteria .

It also ensures that omissions are not made simply because you have dictated the letter so often that familiarity has bred contempt .
it also [makes sure] that omissions are not made simply because you have dictated the letter so often that familiarity has bred contempt .

Quality standards require firms to have a system that ensures that time spent on case work can be properly recorded and attributed .
quality standards require firms to have a system that [makes sure] that time spent on case work can be properly recorded and attributed .

It keeps the judge himself while trying under trial … `` Lords Scarman and Simon have recently added a broader objective : `` Whether or not judicial virtue needs such a spur , there is also another important interest involved in justice done openly , namely that the evidence and argument should be publicly known , so that society may judge for itself the quality of justice administered in its name , and whether the law requires modification … the common law by its recognition of the principle of open justice ensures that the public administration of justice will be subject to public scrutiny .
it keeps the judge himself while trying under trial … `` lords scarman and simon have recently added a broader objective : `` whether or not judicial virtue needs such a spur , there is also another important interest involved in justice done openly , namely that the evidence and argument should be publicly known , so that society may judge for itself the quality of justice administered in its name , and whether the law requires modification … the common law by its recognition of the principle of open justice [makes sure] that the public administration of justice will be subject to public scrutiny .

The epidemiological importance of arrested larval development from whatever cause is that , first , it ensures the survival of the nematode during periods of adversity ; secondly , the subsequent maturation of arrested larvae increases the contamination of the environment and can sometimes result in clinical disease .
the epidemiological importance of arrested larval development from whatever cause is that , first , it [makes sure] the survival of the nematode during periods of adversity ; secondly , the subsequent maturation of arrested larvae increases the contamination of the environment and can sometimes result in clinical disease .

Secondly , the extreme resistance of the egg in the environment ensures its persistence for several years .
secondly , the extreme resistance of the egg in the environment [makes sure] its persistence for several years .

As will be shown below , the use of microcomputers to allow pupils to retrieve information sources for curricular work and viewing microcomputer use as an information skill which all pupils should acquire , ensures that the microcomputer is seen as a tool to enhance the learning done by pupils in schools .
as will be shown below , the use of microcomputers to allow pupils to retrieve information sources for curricular work and viewing microcomputer use as an information skill which all pupils should acquire , [makes sure] that the microcomputer is seen as a tool to enhance the learning done by pupils in schools .

If however the shares of each party have never been determined , then at least proper service of the notice of severance ensures that severance has taken place with the advantage as mentioned earlier ( see p51 ) .
if however the shares of each party have never been determined , then at least proper service of the notice of severance [makes sure] that severance has taken place with the advantage as mentioned earlier ( see p51 ) .

Clever design also ensures that the Safrane offers 10 % more basic luggage space than the Renault 25 at 17 cubic feet .
clever design also [makes sure] that the safrane offers 10 % more basic luggage space than the renault 25 at 17 cubic feet .

It simply ensures that full consideration is given to the case for preservation if any proposal is made which will affect it .
it simply [makes sure] that full consideration is given to the case for preservation if any proposal is made which will affect it .

As lender of last resort to the discount houses , it ensures that there is always an adequate supply of liquidity to meet the legitimate demands of depositors in recognized banks .
as lender of last resort to the discount houses , it [makes sure] that there is always an adequate supply of liquidity to meet the legitimate demands of depositors in recognized banks .

The Archive 's location in a university which has a reputation for excellence in social research ensures it is perceived to be upholding high standards .
the archive 's location in a university which has a reputation for excellence in social research [makes sure] it is perceived to be upholding high standards .

Some limitation seems likely to be imposed which ensures that only larger firms will be able to enter MDPs .
some limitation seems likely to be imposed which [makes sure] that only larger firms will be able to enter mdps .

Party cohesion ensures that the cabinet usually enjoys a parliamentary majority , but political parties remain unknown to the Constitution .
party cohesion [makes sure] that the cabinet usually enjoys a parliamentary majority , but political parties remain unknown to the constitution .

The adversarial nature of contentious proceedings before the International Court ensures that the parties are readily identifiable .
the adversarial nature of contentious proceedings before the international court [makes sure] that the parties are readily identifiable .

The technique may be a taxing one for us as readers , but it ensures that in seizing on details , we shall not lose sight of the ramifications of the whole .
the technique may be a taxing one for us as readers , but it [makes sure] that in seizing on details , we shall not lose sight of the ramifications of the whole .

For example , he ensures that the investment in the new warehouse is matched by an investment in warehousemen .
for example , he [makes sure] that the investment in the new warehouse is matched by an investment in warehousemen .

The Profitboss ensures that neither the aspiring Fenton from Fleet Sales nor the experienced Carmen from Marketing Services are denied the opportunity to compete for a promotion to Divisional Sales Director .
the profitboss [makes sure] that neither the aspiring fenton from fleet sales nor the experienced carmen from marketing services are denied the opportunity to compete for a promotion to divisional sales director .

He ensures that this final position has the support of his boss and colleagues .
he [makes sure] that this final position has the support of his boss and colleagues .

In that way he ensures a total identity with profit .
in that way he [makes sure] a total identity with profit .

He ensures that she ( if it is `` she `` ) works to his high standards and , furthermore , has the social skills to handle all types of people .
he [makes sure] that she ( if it is `` she `` ) works to his high standards and , furthermore , has the social skills to handle all types of people .

He ensures that they get to the best conferences and from time to time will organize his own , bringing in the best speakers .
he [makes sure] that they get to the best conferences and from time to time will organize his own , bringing in the best speakers .

He ensures that packaging is neat , addresses correct , initials included .
he [makes sure] that packaging is neat , addresses correct , initials included .

He ensures that deliveries are punctual and accounts paid on time .
he [makes sure] that deliveries are punctual and accounts paid on time .

Ensures a run-responsive pitch ,
[makes sure] a run-responsive pitch ,

The requirement of choice ensures respect for the freedom of individuals to select their market opportunities .
the requirement of choice [makes sure] respect for the freedom of individuals to select their market opportunities .

Thus the duty of care prevents directors from acting wholly unreasonably ; the duty of loyalty ensures that their decisions are not biased ; and the duty to act bona fide in the interests of the company and not for any improper purpose is almost identical in its formulation as a standard of review to the administrative law test striking down decisions which are taken for an improper purpose .
thus the duty of care prevents directors from acting wholly unreasonably ; the duty of loyalty [makes sure] that their decisions are not biased ; and the duty to act bona fide in the interests of the company and not for any improper purpose is almost identical in its formulation as a standard of review to the administrative law test striking down decisions which are taken for an improper purpose .

The location of certain family members , in particular women and children , in the private domain in which ‘ the King 's writ does not seek to run , and to which its officers do not seek to be admitted ’ ensures their silence .
the location of certain family members , in particular women and children , in the private domain in which ‘ the king 's writ does not seek to run , and to which its officers do not seek to be admitted ’ [makes sure] their silence .

Travelling both ways on the overnight services , with comfortable reclining seat or cabin accommodation , not only extends your holiday by two nights it also ensures that you arrive rested and refreshed .
travelling both ways on the overnight services , with comfortable reclining seat or cabin accommodation , not only extends your holiday by two nights it also [makes sure] that you arrive rested and refreshed .

Glimcher 's power however ensures a preemptive silence from detractors within the art world .
glimcher 's power however [makes sure] a preemptive silence from detractors within the art world .

The presence of objects from St Petersburg , Moscow , Novgorod , Kiev and Odessa ensures a wider geographical perspective than was possible at David Wilson 's exhibition at the British Museum in 1984 , tracing the Viking expansion eastward as far as Iraq .
the presence of objects from st petersburg , moscow , novgorod , kiev and odessa [makes sure] a wider geographical perspective than was possible at david wilson 's exhibition at the british museum in 1984 , tracing the viking expansion eastward as far as iraq .

This not only helps to channel your efforts into the most effective areas , but also ensures that everyone who comes into contact with the media knows what their organisation is trying to achieve .
this not only helps to channel your efforts into the most effective areas , but also [makes sure] that everyone who comes into contact with the media knows what their organisation is trying to achieve .

personalised method ensures that the material will reach the right person .
personalised method [makes sure] that the material will reach the right person .

This form of contract ensures that the model can not suddenly start demanding repeat fees on a photograph which is widely used .
this form of contract [makes sure] that the model can not suddenly start demanding repeat fees on a photograph which is widely used .

( a ) ensures that you cover all essential points ; ( b ) provides a solid foundation on which to build your argument ; ( c ) holds your argument together without undue strain ; ( d ) offers sufficient scope to develop your argument ; and ( e ) enables you to reach your conclusion .
( a ) [makes sure] that you cover all essential points ; ( b ) provides a solid foundation on which to build your argument ; ( c ) holds your argument together without undue strain ; ( d ) offers sufficient scope to develop your argument ; and ( e ) enables you to reach your conclusion .

First , that in proportion as the adolescent mind gets absorbed in sex questions , wreckage of life ensures .
first , that in proportion as the adolescent mind gets absorbed in sex questions , wreckage of life [makes sure] .

The simple price structure of Parcelforce Standard ensures it is just as cost-effective to send a parcel 300 miles as it is to sent it 30 miles .
the simple price structure of parcelforce standard [makes sure] it is just as cost-effective to send a parcel 300 miles as it is to sent it 30 miles .

Careful planning of facilities , writing of infection control policies and staff training ensures continuity of care and is cost-effective .
careful planning of facilities , writing of infection control policies and staff training [makes sure] continuity of care and is cost-effective .

Printed stationery ensures that every item of correspondence conforms to the requirements of the law .
printed stationery [makes sure] that every item of correspondence conforms to the requirements of the law .

Printed stationery ensures that there is a degree of conformity in the correspondence which leaves the organisation .
printed stationery [makes sure] that there is a degree of conformity in the correspondence which leaves the organisation .

Significantly , the Act gives a foreign investor full protection and ensures that dividends and its stake on winding up are transferable abroad without permit .
significantly , the act gives a foreign investor full protection and [makes sure] that dividends and its stake on winding up are transferable abroad without permit .

That is why we offer a special Protection Plan which ensures that the repayments are made for up to 12 months in the case of unemployment , and for up to the remaining period of the loan for accident and sickness .
that is why we offer a special protection plan which [makes sure] that the repayments are made for up to 12 months in the case of unemployment , and for up to the remaining period of the loan for accident and sickness .

That is why we offer our special Protection Plan which ensures that your monthly transfers will continue for up to 12 months .
that is why we offer our special protection plan which [makes sure] that your monthly transfers will continue for up to 12 months .

Often , as in household products or industrial chemicals , hot competition among affiliates of big multinationals ensures both growth and cost-competitiveness .
often , as in household products or industrial chemicals , hot competition among affiliates of big multinationals [makes sure] both growth and cost-competitiveness .

This simple device provides instantaneous communication between departments and ensures that the room status board has up-to-the-minute information on the availability of rooms .
this simple device provides instantaneous communication between departments and [makes sure] that the room status board has up-to-the-minute information on the availability of rooms .

The information on them is confidential and therefore it ensures that guests only see their own forms .
the information on them is confidential and therefore it [makes sure] that guests only see their own forms .

At this meeting the paediatrician ensures that the family are aware of the screening programme and the options that are open to them .
at this meeting the paediatrician [makes sure] that the family are aware of the screening programme and the options that are open to them .

This sharing of expectations about acceptable behaviour ensures conformity .
this sharing of expectations about acceptable behaviour [makes sure] conformity .

Completer ( Finisher ) : Picks up loose ends , checks details , ensures completion .
completer ( finisher ) : picks up loose ends , checks details , [makes sure] completion .

Immediate adsorption of the drug by charcoal in the lumen ensures that the concentration gradient is kept as high as possible and that diffusion continues .
immediate adsorption of the drug by charcoal in the lumen [makes sure] that the concentration gradient is kept as high as possible and that diffusion continues .

This ensures that complete tables and only complete tables are approved , or that a single oddball entry and only a single oddball entry is approved .
this [makes sure] that complete tables and only complete tables are approved , or that a single oddball entry and only a single oddball entry is approved .

But it also requires a distribution of the resources for propaganda and persuasion which ensures that the power to influence our minds is distributed roughly in accord with the degree of diversity of opinion within society .
but it also requires a distribution of the resources for propaganda and persuasion which [makes sure] that the power to influence our minds is distributed roughly in accord with the degree of diversity of opinion within society .

Parliamentary scrutiny is still important : ( a ) It ensures the measure is publicised allowing opinion outside Parliament to make itself felt .
parliamentary scrutiny is still important : ( a ) it [makes sure] the measure is publicised allowing opinion outside parliament to make itself felt .

( e ) If the House of Lords exercises its power of delay , it ensures maximum publicity for the measure in question .
( e ) if the house of lords exercises its power of delay , it [makes sure] maximum publicity for the measure in question .

Committees are beginning to time their reports to correspond with appropriate business , such as legislation or a planned debate and this ensures greater coverage of their report .
committees are beginning to time their reports to correspond with appropriate business , such as legislation or a planned debate and this [makes sure] greater coverage of their report .

With rat embryos , rotation of culture vessels , which ensures continuous exposure of all the medium to the gas phase , and , therefore , a constant oxygen tension , produces normal development over longer periods than does static culture ( 18 ) .
with rat embryos , rotation of culture vessels , which [makes sure] continuous exposure of all the medium to the gas phase , and , therefore , a constant oxygen tension , produces normal development over longer periods than does static culture ( 18 ) .

This ensures that anxiety is not exacerbated by fear of the unknown .
this [makes sure] that anxiety is not exacerbated by fear of the unknown .

When the nurse collects the patient from theatre it is important that she checks the patient 's circulatory and fluid status and ensures that prescriptions for the fluid regime have been completed .
when the nurse collects the patient from theatre it is important that she checks the patient 's circulatory and fluid status and [makes sure] that prescriptions for the fluid regime have been completed .

This ensures continuity of care between hospital and home and gives the patient confidence to cope with a new situation .
this [makes sure] continuity of care between hospital and home and gives the patient confidence to cope with a new situation .

Co-direction ensures that administrative decisions are made with the full understanding of the implications for all participants .
co-direction [makes sure] that administrative decisions are made with the full understanding of the implications for all participants .

The canisters are available in six sizes ( 0.6 litre sizes costs £2.98 ) and have a special lid device which ensures a good seal .
the canisters are available in six sizes ( 0.6 litre sizes costs £2.98 ) and have a special lid device which [makes sure] a good seal .

Yet the Sinfonietta players bring amble light and shade to the twining polyphonic lines , and the rather closely recorded sound , if a little dry by today 's standards , ensures maximum clarity of textural perception .
yet the sinfonietta players bring amble light and shade to the twining polyphonic lines , and the rather closely recorded sound , if a little dry by today 's standards , [makes sure] maximum clarity of textural perception .

The Local Government and Housing Act 1989 similarly ensures that all committees and sub-committees have cross-party representation .
the local government and housing act 1989 similarly [makes sure] that all committees and sub-committees have cross-party representation .

Through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this consensus ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .
through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this consensus [makes sure] that we are able to live ordered lives together .

The social exclusivity of private education enables a distinct ‘ superior ’ culture to remain intact , and ensures that this world-view is displayed with the self-assurance and ‘ soundness ’ that is valued by those recruiting entrants to elite occupations ( the elite-educated spies Burgess and Maclean are notorious for having exploited this trust ) .
the social exclusivity of private education enables a distinct ‘ superior ’ culture to remain intact , and [makes sure] that this world-view is displayed with the self-assurance and ‘ soundness ’ that is valued by those recruiting entrants to elite occupations ( the elite-educated spies burgess and maclean are notorious for having exploited this trust ) .

This then ensures there will be no further problems .
this then [makes sure] there will be no further problems .

This ensures the lower shoots receive plenty of light .
this [makes sure] the lower shoots receive plenty of light .

Every major employer in the area ensures that their workforces are trained to uniformly high standards .
every major employer in the area [makes sure] that their workforces are trained to uniformly high standards .

Gill takes bookings for functions throughout the university , rings in the chef 's orders , types memos and ensures everybody knows what 's on .
gill takes bookings for functions throughout the university , rings in the chef 's orders , types memos and [makes sure] everybody knows what 's on .

His skill in exploiting the idea of mistaken identity ensures that there is no slackening of interest in two novels which are in fact extremely simple in structure , combining lateral movement ( on foot , on horseback and , rarely , by train ) from the city of Strelsau to the castle and hunting lodge of Zenda and back again and with dialogue through which the motives of these movements are explored and explained .
his skill in exploiting the idea of mistaken identity [makes sure] that there is no slackening of interest in two novels which are in fact extremely simple in structure , combining lateral movement ( on foot , on horseback and , rarely , by train ) from the city of strelsau to the castle and hunting lodge of zenda and back again and with dialogue through which the motives of these movements are explored and explained .

With the ardour of his age Dick agrees to carry a vital message across the frontier into Flavonia : delighting in unexpected action , he is afraid only of being late and failing in his mission and it is the free resourcefulness of a boy that ensures that in spite of accidents the message does get through .
with the ardour of his age dick agrees to carry a vital message across the frontier into flavonia : delighting in unexpected action , he is afraid only of being late and failing in his mission and it is the free resourcefulness of a boy that [makes sure] that in spite of accidents the message does get through .

Our premier Regency room with its magnificent gorgeously draped four poster bed and its attractive and spacious bedroom ensures a luxurious interlude .
our premier regency room with its magnificent gorgeously draped four poster bed and its attractive and spacious bedroom [makes sure] a luxurious interlude .

This , along with the ‘ Terme del Parco ’ Health and Beauty Centre ensures that as the Village enters its twenty second year , the quality is as high as ever before .
this , along with the ‘ terme del parco ’ health and beauty centre [makes sure] that as the village enters its twenty second year , the quality is as high as ever before .

The position of the Belvedere ensures this hotel most certainly lives up to its name , affording some quite beautiful views of brilliant Lake Maggiore and the enchanting Borromean islands sitting in its centre .
the position of the belvedere [makes sure] this hotel most certainly lives up to its name , affording some quite beautiful views of brilliant lake maggiore and the enchanting borromean islands sitting in its centre .

Its position ensures every room has a view across the lagoon .
its position [makes sure] every room has a view across the lagoon .

Sound-proofing ensures the bedrooms are quiet , and tasteful furnishings create a variety of styles .
sound-proofing [makes sure] the bedrooms are quiet , and tasteful furnishings create a variety of styles .

On the other hand , providing a false diagnosis adds to patients ' disability , reinforces maladaptive behaviour , and ensures that what might have been a brief illness becomes refractory to treatment .
on the other hand , providing a false diagnosis adds to patients ' disability , reinforces maladaptive behaviour , and [makes sure] that what might have been a brief illness becomes refractory to treatment .

The interconnected sports suspension system ensures handling that is ‘ taut and muscular ’ , while the streamlined styling and seven-spoke alloy wheels bear witness to the GTi 's true nature .
the interconnected sports suspension system [makes sure] handling that is ‘ taut and muscular ’ , while the streamlined styling and seven-spoke alloy wheels bear witness to the gti 's true nature .

The heartbeat is a record of energy output and ensures the tester puts the same effort into the test indoors or out .
the heartbeat is a record of energy output and [makes sure] the tester puts the same effort into the test indoors or out .

The gap between the two halves ensures that the spine itself is not loaded and as the familiar lumbar pad has gone , there is a space for ventilation .
the gap between the two halves [makes sure] that the spine itself is not loaded and as the familiar lumbar pad has gone , there is a space for ventilation .

Using a pigment to approximate an ink colour in this way also ensures lightfastness of the ‘ ink ’ .
using a pigment to approximate an ink colour in this way also [makes sure] lightfastness of the ‘ ink ’ .

‘ When someone is told to do something , their good discipline ensures the job is done .
‘ when someone is told to do something , their good discipline [makes sure] the job is done .

Your job satisfaction ensures your customer satisfaction ; — and it shows .
your job satisfaction [makes sure] your customer satisfaction ; — and it shows .

The fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .
the fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid [makes sure] the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .

Additionally the right qualification ensures that employers have a good idea of an individual 's capabilities .
additionally the right qualification [makes sure] that employers have a good idea of an individual 's capabilities .

Flexibility of level ensures students of all varieties included .
flexibility of level [makes sure] students of all varieties included .

The widespread relationships between partners and contractors ensures knowledge moves around and becomes extended and advanced .
the widespread relationships between partners and contractors [makes sure] knowledge moves around and becomes extended and advanced .

Training and Education The Group Training Department ensures that training requirements are met for all employees .
training and education the group training department [makes sure] that training requirements are met for all employees .

Assessment must be valid and reliable with an associated quality assurance system that ensures the credibility of the award .
assessment must be valid and reliable with an associated quality assurance system that [makes sure] the credibility of the award .

The centre 's staff recruitment policy ensures the appointment of adequate numbers of appropriately competent staff and the staff development policy encourages staff to develop/keep up to date with current practice in their field and in education/training .
the centre 's staff recruitment policy [makes sure] the appointment of adequate numbers of appropriately competent staff and the staff development policy encourages staff to develop/keep up to date with current practice in their field and in education/training .

The centre has implemented a policy which is non-discriminatory in terms of access to its provision and which ensures equal opportunities for all candidates to achieve awards .
the centre has implemented a policy which is non-discriminatory in terms of access to its provision and which [makes sure] equal opportunities for all candidates to achieve awards .

The centre ensures that staff providing teaching/training and assessment are :
the centre [makes sure] that staff providing teaching/training and assessment are :

It also ensures that all outcomes are covered by the assessments and are given the right emphasis , whether the assessment is knowledge-based or practical , achieved in the workplace or in a classroom .
it also [makes sure] that all outcomes are covered by the assessments and are given the right emphasis , whether the assessment is knowledge-based or practical , achieved in the workplace or in a classroom .

Rentokil 's unique branch network ensures multiple chain stores receive first class service throughout the country .
rentokil 's unique branch network [makes sure] multiple chain stores receive first class service throughout the country .

The range of plants available , which are taken from our own nurseries , ensures that most premises can have living plants .
the range of plants available , which are taken from our own nurseries , [makes sure] that most premises can have living plants .

The need for improved standards of health and hygiene ensures a strong demand for Rentokil Hygiene Services .
the need for improved standards of health and hygiene [makes sure] a strong demand for rentokil hygiene services .

The introduction of new postgraduate courses such as those in Neural Computation , Psychology and Health , Quality Management and Marketing ensures the continuing vitality of this important sector of the university 's teaching .
the introduction of new postgraduate courses such as those in neural computation , psychology and health , quality management and marketing [makes sure] the continuing vitality of this important sector of the university 's teaching .

Mr Huntingdon ensures that at least two of these qualified staff are on the premises at all times .
mr huntingdon [makes sure] that at least two of these qualified staff are on the premises at all times .

An ‘ Engineering Applications ’ laboratory is available , which ensures that the practical component of the course is prominent in the first and second years .
an ‘ engineering applications ’ laboratory is available , which [makes sure] that the practical component of the course is prominent in the first and second years .

This generates a climate for the technological upgrading of industry as a commercial proposition , and it also ensures that hardware and software are conveniently available , at a price , for those who wish to take advantage of them in any sphere .
this generates a climate for the technological upgrading of industry as a commercial proposition , and it also [makes sure] that hardware and software are conveniently available , at a price , for those who wish to take advantage of them in any sphere .

Completion of a major piece of project work ensures that the student 's learning is grounded in practical application .
completion of a major piece of project work [makes sure] that the student 's learning is grounded in practical application .

This ensures that each partner is visibly accountable to the other partner .
this [makes sure] that each partner is visibly accountable to the other partner .

Increased government borrowing tends , under such a monetary policy regime , to lead to increased domestic credit expansion and hence ensures that current account difficulties quickly become overall balance of payments problems .
increased government borrowing tends , under such a monetary policy regime , to lead to increased domestic credit expansion and hence [makes sure] that current account difficulties quickly become overall balance of payments problems .

This ensures that the modules have not been inadvertently or maliciously tampered with or corrupted and gives you confidence in their integrity .
this [makes sure] that the modules have not been inadvertently or maliciously tampered with or corrupted and gives you confidence in their integrity .

The offline system ensures that a copy of every module sent offline exists on a primary and a secondary media item before the online copy can be destroyed .
the offline system [makes sure] that a copy of every module sent offline exists on a primary and a secondary media item before the online copy can be destroyed .

This method ensures configuration control of software issues , and forms what is equally clearly the prerequisite of software management .
this method [makes sure] configuration control of software issues , and forms what is equally clearly the prerequisite of software management .

( This ensures a wide field of application and allows for the gradual introduction of new languages such as Ada . )
( this [makes sure] a wide field of application and allows for the gradual introduction of new languages such as ada . )

Ensures that only specified users have the privileges to approve software in a given project .
[makes sure] that only specified users have the privileges to approve software in a given project .

Ensures that formal modifications are carried out only on previously approved software .
[makes sure] that formal modifications are carried out only on previously approved software .

It ensures that software can not be changed without the knowledge of the users it affects .
it [makes sure] that software can not be changed without the knowledge of the users it affects .

It ensures that different users can not make changes simultaneously to the same module .
it [makes sure] that different users can not make changes simultaneously to the same module .

This ensures that only those who fully appreciate the significance of the modules are included in the sanctioning procedure .
this [makes sure] that only those who fully appreciate the significance of the modules are included in the sanctioning procedure .

This ensures that this information does not get out of step with data in the other subsystems e.g .
this [makes sure] that this information does not get out of step with data in the other subsystems e.g .

Stage 1 : Offline Stores — During this stage the Offline System ensures that two good copies ( Primary and Secondary ) are taken before a module is deleted from online storage .
stage 1 : offline stores — during this stage the offline system [makes sure] that two good copies ( primary and secondary ) are taken before a module is deleted from online storage .

It also ensures that only one instance ( primary and secondary ) of an offlined module exists ie .
it also [makes sure] that only one instance ( primary and secondary ) of an offlined module exists ie .

‘ Mona ’ ensures that if you did n't want to strangle Craig McLachlan before , then you will now , whilst ‘ Diddley Daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ Little Girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ Who Do You Love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .
‘ mona ’ [makes sure] that if you did n't want to strangle craig mclachlan before , then you will now , whilst ‘ diddley daddy ’ , the kooky 12-bar of ‘ little girl ’ and the railroad shuffle ‘ who do you love ’ are fundamental lessons from the face that launched a thousand riffs .

Liz knows all the common tricks , including poachers ' macs , parcels with false bottoms and using a store 's own carrier bag , and ensures that her detectives are fully aware of what to look out for ’ It 's a question of common sense and instinct .
liz knows all the common tricks , including poachers ' macs , parcels with false bottoms and using a store 's own carrier bag , and [makes sure] that her detectives are fully aware of what to look out for ’ it 's a question of common sense and instinct .

This ensures that the relevant lessons are distilled and fed back into the appraisal stage of subsequent projects .
this [makes sure] that the relevant lessons are distilled and fed back into the appraisal stage of subsequent projects .

This method ensures that an appropriate amount of contingency sum is left at the end of the design and at the beginning of the construction stages and , more importantly , that pressure to limit costs applies to design teams in the early stages .
this method [makes sure] that an appropriate amount of contingency sum is left at the end of the design and at the beginning of the construction stages and , more importantly , that pressure to limit costs applies to design teams in the early stages .

This can serve not only as a useful means of cost control but it also ensures that the client is not left until the end of the design stage without any information about the type of building which ultimately will be provided .
this can serve not only as a useful means of cost control but it also [makes sure] that the client is not left until the end of the design stage without any information about the type of building which ultimately will be provided .

Activity Catechist — the person who ensures that all friends and helpers in the group have what they need to prepare themselves for the sacred experience — both in equipment and atmosphere .
activity catechist — the person who [makes sure] that all friends and helpers in the group have what they need to prepare themselves for the sacred experience — both in equipment and atmosphere .

Made from the traditional Dry Blackthorn Cider blend , the alcohol by volume content is greatly reduced to 0.9% by using a low temperature high vacuum distillation technique which ensures the end product is still full bodies and full flavoured though low in alcohol .
made from the traditional dry blackthorn cider blend , the alcohol by volume content is greatly reduced to 0.9% by using a low temperature high vacuum distillation technique which [makes sure] the end product is still full bodies and full flavoured though low in alcohol .

The existence of a powerful taboo against religion in society as a whole , together with the lack of opportunity given by the explicit curriculum for questioning the taboo , ensures that most of this implicit curriculum operates against religion — against its being taken seriously at all .
the existence of a powerful taboo against religion in society as a whole , together with the lack of opportunity given by the explicit curriculum for questioning the taboo , [makes sure] that most of this implicit curriculum operates against religion — against its being taken seriously at all .

The problems within the dramatic fiction are dealt with as they arise ; the teacher tries to keep the focus , intervenes as necessary and ensures that there are periods of reflection when everyone can consider carefully the meaning and significance of what has happened .
the problems within the dramatic fiction are dealt with as they arise ; the teacher tries to keep the focus , intervenes as necessary and [makes sure] that there are periods of reflection when everyone can consider carefully the meaning and significance of what has happened .

The prayers recommended before the consecration are for the spiritual welfare of all estates and conditions of men in terms of a literal and spiritual harvest which not only ensures their survival in this world but also in the next .
the prayers recommended before the consecration are for the spiritual welfare of all estates and conditions of men in terms of a literal and spiritual harvest which not only [makes sure] their survival in this world but also in the next .

In all of these case an alleged offence ensures mandatory and indeterminate hospitalisation despite the fact that no trial has taken place in the former category while no conviction has been recorded in the latter .
in all of these case an alleged offence [makes sure] mandatory and indeterminate hospitalisation despite the fact that no trial has taken place in the former category while no conviction has been recorded in the latter .

And the vast range in prices according to cabin , ensures that there is something to suit every pocket .
and the vast range in prices according to cabin , [makes sure] that there is something to suit every pocket .

Wherever possible , in-house training should be provided , since this reduces costs , develops training expertise , and ensures that training is tailored to our own needs .
wherever possible , in-house training should be provided , since this reduces costs , develops training expertise , and [makes sure] that training is tailored to our own needs .

An integral part of the management structure is an information management policy , which ensures that scientific information is collected , stored , retrieved and disseminated in a controlled manner , integrating the research work with the library and other information resources , and with scientific publication .
an integral part of the management structure is an information management policy , which [makes sure] that scientific information is collected , stored , retrieved and disseminated in a controlled manner , integrating the research work with the library and other information resources , and with scientific publication .

The numbers of ‘ core'journals for this study is limited ( see below ) , and the rigorous quality control imposed by strict refereeing policies of these journals ensures that very high scientific and editorial standards are applied .
the numbers of ‘ core'journals for this study is limited ( see below ) , and the rigorous quality control imposed by strict refereeing policies of these journals [makes sure] that very high scientific and editorial standards are applied .

In this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .
in this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : [makes sure] that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .

It also ensures that the records can never be incorrect .
it also [makes sure] that the records can never be incorrect .

The PostScript Language comes from Adobe , whose licensing fee ensures that any genuine PostScript laser printer is going to cost oodles more that its Adobe-less cousin .
the postscript language comes from adobe , whose licensing fee [makes sure] that any genuine postscript laser printer is going to cost oodles more that its adobe-less cousin .

The use of a bar-line stave ( not shown ) ensures that bar-lines are placed automatically every time the screen is refreshed , highlighting mistakes .
the use of a bar-line stave ( not shown ) [makes sure] that bar-lines are placed automatically every time the screen is refreshed , highlighting mistakes .

Quatro Pro for Windows profits greatly from its multi-page notebook layout , and the Windows environment ensures that it is easy to learn and use .
quatro pro for windows profits greatly from its multi-page notebook layout , and the windows environment [makes sure] that it is easy to learn and use .

This ensures that the precipitated fraction is not broadened by local precipitation during addition of the non-solvent .
this [makes sure] that the precipitated fraction is not broadened by local precipitation during addition of the non-solvent .

This ensures that only small quantities of non-solvent are required to precipitate the polymer in method 1 , and that the temperature changes required in method 2 are small .
this [makes sure] that only small quantities of non-solvent are required to precipitate the polymer in method 1 , and that the temperature changes required in method 2 are small .

Note that the above car worker ensures that his ‘ escape ’ from surveillance is not observed by his co-workers .
note that the above car worker [makes sure] that his ‘ escape ’ from surveillance is not observed by his co-workers .

Willis is at pains to point out , however , that this breaking of rules not only relies on having the rules there to break but ensures that ‘ the lads ’ condemn themselves to the worst jobs once they have left school .
willis is at pains to point out , however , that this breaking of rules not only relies on having the rules there to break but [makes sure] that ‘ the lads ’ condemn themselves to the worst jobs once they have left school .

So , unsurprisingly , she ensures that she does nothing to cross the ‘ important ’ people on which she is dependent .
so , unsurprisingly , she [makes sure] that she does nothing to cross the ‘ important ’ people on which she is dependent .

Finally , the resource manager ensures that the necessary resources are available for the project to develop smoothly .
finally , the resource manager [makes sure] that the necessary resources are available for the project to develop smoothly .

This ensures less ambiguity in the use of natural language English by the analyst .
this [makes sure] less ambiguity in the use of natural language english by the analyst .

‘ The Tories say that ‘ competition ’ ensures that shoppers get a fair deal .
‘ the tories say that ‘ competition ’ [makes sure] that shoppers get a fair deal .

The market ensures that the price equals the marginal benefit and the marginal cost , and hence equates the two .
the market [makes sure] that the price equals the marginal benefit and the marginal cost , and hence equates the two .

Writing is a motor skill which ensures that the same words written by different people are distinct — allowing signatures to be used as verification of identity .
writing is a motor skill which [makes sure] that the same words written by different people are distinct — allowing signatures to be used as verification of identity .

This restriction ensures that the grammar is recursive .
this restriction [makes sure] that the grammar is recursive .

Both are held to economic ransom by a system that ensures they can never free themselves of debt — no matter how hard they try .
both are held to economic ransom by a system that [makes sure] they can never free themselves of debt — no matter how hard they try .

But Long Time Companion 's comprehensive avoidance of manipulative devices and , not least , its sense of humour , ensures its authority both as drama and as a piece of fundamental optimism .
but long time companion 's comprehensive avoidance of manipulative devices and , not least , its sense of humour , [makes sure] its authority both as drama and as a piece of fundamental optimism .

It also ensures that the city is permanently cloaked in a stinking cloud of smoke and dust .
it also [makes sure] that the city is permanently cloaked in a stinking cloud of smoke and dust .

It allows the board to continue with the levy , which ensures that income will be gained and that training can continue .
it allows the board to continue with the levy , which [makes sure] that income will be gained and that training can continue .

The legislation ensures that people have a statutory right to pay the community charge in manageable instalments .
the legislation [makes sure] that people have a statutory right to pay the community charge in manageable instalments .

The Bill ensures that there is a clear complaints procedures should things go wrong .
the bill [makes sure] that there is a clear complaints procedures should things go wrong .

Therefore , the first-past-the-post system ensures that a Conservative voter living in Glagow has no representative in Westminster .
therefore , the first-past-the-post system [makes sure] that a conservative voter living in glagow has no representative in westminster .

Our new research strategy ensures that we get the best possible value from that and , above all , apply the lessons .
our new research strategy [makes sure] that we get the best possible value from that and , above all , apply the lessons .

There is no doubt that reform of the common agricultural policy must be carried out in a way which ensures that there is no discrimination against farmers in the United Kingdom .
there is no doubt that reform of the common agricultural policy must be carried out in a way which [makes sure] that there is no discrimination against farmers in the united kingdom .

It also ensures that the waste that is ultimately disposed of is in a good form for long-term storage .
it also [makes sure] that the waste that is ultimately disposed of is in a good form for long-term storage .

The Labour party wants application procedures to be speeded up so that we have a proper , fair and effective system that ensures that this country continues its long honourable tradition of providing asylum for refugees .
the labour party wants application procedures to be speeded up so that we have a proper , fair and effective system that [makes sure] that this country continues its long honourable tradition of providing asylum for refugees .

The assumption ensures convergence of earnings capacity to .
the assumption [makes sure] convergence of earnings capacity to .

From ( 9–20b ) it is clear that ensures that the variance of earnings capacity converges to .
from ( 9–20b ) it is clear that [makes sure] that the variance of earnings capacity converges to .

Finally , a set of restrictions that ensures existence in the case with several public goods is provided by Slutsky ( 1977 ) .
finally , a set of restrictions that [makes sure] existence in the case with several public goods is provided by slutsky ( 1977 ) .

It reflects the fact that the private costs are not borne by them , and the red tape ensures that , if a mistake occurs , blame is not borne by any particular individual but is shared among the bureaucracy .
it reflects the fact that the private costs are not borne by them , and the red tape [makes sure] that , if a mistake occurs , blame is not borne by any particular individual but is shared among the bureaucracy .

The introduction of noise in strategies ensures that every information set in the game is reached with a non-zero probability , this eliminates the need to describe off-the-equilibrium-path beliefs at the sequential equilibrium found below .
the introduction of noise in strategies [makes sure] that every information set in the game is reached with a non-zero probability , this eliminates the need to describe off-the-equilibrium-path beliefs at the sequential equilibrium found below .

In this it ensures that judgments are firmly tied to perceived aspects .
in this it [makes sure] that judgments are firmly tied to perceived aspects .

In the shift from 1975 to 1990 away from `` concerns about equity and fairness and a concentration on more practical and immediate questions of efficiency and relevance `` , discussions have to `` lie at the heart of the democratic debate between and within the parties , and a constant flow of messages , coded and uncoded , ensures that the discussion is never far below the surface `` ( Maclure 1990:14 ) .
in the shift from 1975 to 1990 away from `` concerns about equity and fairness and a concentration on more practical and immediate questions of efficiency and relevance `` , discussions have to `` lie at the heart of the democratic debate between and within the parties , and a constant flow of messages , coded and uncoded , [makes sure] that the discussion is never far below the surface `` ( maclure 1990:14 ) .

The primary-school headteacher then ensures that a clear message goes out to the effect that an early , informal , friendly or affectionate discourse in which printed words play a part is a welcome foundation for any school 's reading programme .
the primary-school headteacher then [makes sure] that a clear message goes out to the effect that an early , informal , friendly or affectionate discourse in which printed words play a part is a welcome foundation for any school 's reading programme .

This ensures that the correct module descriptor is being used .
this [makes sure] that the correct module descriptor is being used .

The brickwork in the x-ray theatre is crossed , bonded and covered with a barium rich plaster which ensures that the room is sealed from radiation leakage .
the brickwork in the x-ray theatre is crossed , bonded and covered with a barium rich plaster which [makes sure] that the room is sealed from radiation leakage .

Wine brings fertility and wisdom , oil preserves liberty and prosperity , corn ensures that the prosperity ripens and salt instils purity and hospitality .
wine brings fertility and wisdom , oil preserves liberty and prosperity , corn [makes sure] that the prosperity ripens and salt instils purity and hospitality .

More than a year ago , Matthey Beyrand set up a programme which ensures total control of its lead times .
more than a year ago , matthey beyrand set up a programme which [makes sure] total control of its lead times .

The Board ensures that the Group 's resources are used effectively and that companies of the Group are managed properly in the best interests of both shareholders and employees .
the board [makes sure] that the group 's resources are used effectively and that companies of the group are managed properly in the best interests of both shareholders and employees .

The numbers of ‘ core'journals for this study is limited ( see below ) , and the rigorous quality control imposed by strict refereeing policies of these journals ensures that very high scientific and editorial standards are applied .
the numbers of ‘ core'journals for this study is limited ( see below ) , and the rigorous quality control imposed by strict refereeing policies of these journals [makes sure] that very high scientific and editorial standards are applied .

Within the much more diverse and non-centralised British university system , such central control would be unacceptable , but the less rigid system which has evolved here , whilst allowing individual universities considerable flexibility in access and loan facilities , at least ensures a reasonable measure of bibliographic control .
within the much more diverse and non-centralised british university system , such central control would be unacceptable , but the less rigid system which has evolved here , whilst allowing individual universities considerable flexibility in access and loan facilities , at least [makes sure] a reasonable measure of bibliographic control .

The very formality of the conference medium ensures that ideas can be freely communicated on such occasions without risk of losing ownership of the intellectual property .
the very formality of the conference medium [makes sure] that ideas can be freely communicated on such occasions without risk of losing ownership of the intellectual property .

The higher subject indexing density ensures that relevance is also high .
the higher subject indexing density [makes sure] that relevance is also high .

The enlightenment model is a diffusion process , which ensures the adoption of policy by the accretionary effect of influence .
the enlightenment model is a diffusion process , which [makes sure] the adoption of policy by the accretionary effect of influence .

Seeking through German unity to contribute to the unification of Europe and to the building of a peaceful European order in which borders no longer divide and which ensures that all European nations can live together in a spirit of mutual trust ,
seeking through german unity to contribute to the unification of europe and to the building of a peaceful european order in which borders no longer divide and which [makes sure] that all european nations can live together in a spirit of mutual trust ,

State involvement in health care in capitalist societies stems from capital 's need to reproduce both labour power and the existing social relations of production which ensures the continued dominance of the bougeoisie at an economic , political and ideological level .
state involvement in health care in capitalist societies stems from capital 's need to reproduce both labour power and the existing social relations of production which [makes sure] the continued dominance of the bougeoisie at an economic , political and ideological level .

The company still remains wholly comitted to these principles today and ensures they are shared by its franchisees .
the company still remains wholly comitted to these principles today and [makes sure] they are shared by its franchisees .

The marketing department also ensures that the image and promotion standards set are applied consistently in order to maintain the strength and competitiveness of the trade name .
the marketing department also [makes sure] that the image and promotion standards set are applied consistently in order to maintain the strength and competitiveness of the trade name .

And , because there is a minimum of moving parts , it ensures greater reliability .
and , because there is a minimum of moving parts , it [makes sure] greater reliability .

The general and flexible nature of the framework ensures that no design decisions made early on in the course of development are irrevocable at a later date .
the general and flexible nature of the framework [makes sure] that no design decisions made early on in the course of development are irrevocable at a later date .

It also ensures that the development of each of the system 's components can be pursued in parallel , no one stream of research imposing any a priori constraints on any other .
it also [makes sure] that the development of each of the system 's components can be pursued in parallel , no one stream of research imposing any a priori constraints on any other .

The fundamental rule described in Chapter 2 ensures that each possible path in the tree which matches the input string will be followed up .
the fundamental rule described in chapter 2 [makes sure] that each possible path in the tree which matches the input string will be followed up .

The company 's belief in growth from within ensures that , once the right calibre of personnel has been recruited , the opportunities for personal development within the company are enormous .
the company 's belief in growth from within [makes sure] that , once the right calibre of personnel has been recruited , the opportunities for personal development within the company are enormous .

Built-in job flexibility ensures that these standards are always met by on-site staff , irrespective of job titles and responsibilities .
built-in job flexibility [makes sure] that these standards are always met by on-site staff , irrespective of job titles and responsibilities .

We look for staff who can be part of our Fun Ship image and work in a team that ensures that our guests have a vacation that lives up to our high standard .
we look for staff who can be part of our fun ship image and work in a team that [makes sure] that our guests have a vacation that lives up to our high standard .

Have denotes an exercise of authority which is effectual , that is , which ensures the realization of the action commanded .
have denotes an exercise of authority which is effectual , that is , which [makes sure] the realization of the action commanded .

For Wissenschaft has its limits , and the `` unshakable faith `` in its power ensures that its most gifted followers press on until they reach those limits and discover for themselves its ultimate powerlessness to solve the problem of existence .
for wissenschaft has its limits , and the `` unshakable faith `` in its power [makes sure] that its most gifted followers press on until they reach those limits and discover for themselves its ultimate powerlessness to solve the problem of existence .

The bearing of children within favourable age limits and at optimum intervals and the restriction of their numbers promotes by no means ensures child health and well-being .
the bearing of children within favourable age limits and at optimum intervals and the restriction of their numbers promotes by no means [makes sure] child health and well-being .

The search and merge procedure always uses both strong and weak stems , but ensures that records retrieved under weak stems usually come out nearer the top of the list than those retrieved under strong stems .
the search and merge procedure always uses both strong and weak stems , but [makes sure] that records retrieved under weak stems usually come out nearer the top of the list than those retrieved under strong stems .

As it is no longer in focus the drill serves to reinforce what has already been drilled and ensures automaticity of control .
as it is no longer in focus the drill serves to reinforce what has already been drilled and [makes sure] automaticity of control .

Hence the clearing house ensures that the underlying securities form a large market capitalization and that there are a large number of shareholders .
hence the clearing house [makes sure] that the underlying securities form a large market capitalization and that there are a large number of shareholders .

This was and still is called the imputation system which ensures that dividend income is only taxed once ( a detailed analysis of the effects of this and the original corporation tax system is presented in Chapter 8 ) .
this was and still is called the imputation system which [makes sure] that dividend income is only taxed once ( a detailed analysis of the effects of this and the original corporation tax system is presented in chapter 8 ) .

Why in long-run equilibrium will a company 's cost of capital exceed its growth rate ? What ensures this result ?
why in long-run equilibrium will a company 's cost of capital exceed its growth rate ? what [makes sure] this result ?

Complete project management , on the other hand , if the project leader is competent , ensures good control , motivation and team spirit .
complete project management , on the other hand , if the project leader is competent , [makes sure] good control , motivation and team spirit .

This procedure is repeated at each stage and ensures that the results are fed back to ensure that they comply with the intention of the previous stage .
this procedure is repeated at each stage and [makes sure] that the results are fed back to ensure that they comply with the intention of the previous stage .

This procedure ensures that the information is available to those who need it and that they have a clear understanding of the problem .
this procedure [makes sure] that the information is available to those who need it and that they have a clear understanding of the problem .

Mr Pozsgay 's popularity ensures that if he stands , no one will defeat him in the presidential election .
mr pozsgay 's popularity [makes sure] that if he stands , no one will defeat him in the presidential election .

He said he did not ‘ idealise ’ the European order , ‘ but until now , it is precisely the recognition of post-war realities that ensures peace in Europe .
he said he did not ‘ idealise ’ the european order , ‘ but until now , it is precisely the recognition of post-war realities that [makes sure] peace in europe .

Thus Pauli 's principle ensures that each electron within the atom has identity , and status ( see Chapter 1 ) .
thus pauli 's principle [makes sure] that each electron within the atom has identity , and status ( see chapter 1 ) .

It is a commemoration and ensures that people remember the event because it was out of the ordinary , and special .
it is a commemoration and [makes sure] that people remember the event because it was out of the ordinary , and special .

The church ensures that this concept of being part of the social order of things is adhered to .
the church [makes sure] that this concept of being part of the social order of things is adhered to .

All this may be done for the best of reasons but it only ensures that children bottle up their feelings as well as their tears , which , as we have seen in previous chapters , can have far-reaching effects .
all this may be done for the best of reasons but it only [makes sure] that children bottle up their feelings as well as their tears , which , as we have seen in previous chapters , can have far-reaching effects .

In the second exercise , in which groups are required to come up with ideas about how to improve education , force of personality ensures that she is elected as chairman , in which capacity she proposes new local authorities to supervise the schools , ‘ from which councillors would be banned .
in the second exercise , in which groups are required to come up with ideas about how to improve education , force of personality [makes sure] that she is elected as chairman , in which capacity she proposes new local authorities to supervise the schools , ‘ from which councillors would be banned .

The perfect union of size and style ensures that the glasses are a worldwide favourite .
the perfect union of size and style [makes sure] that the glasses are a worldwide favourite .

‘ Sustainable development involves devising a social and economic system which ensures that these goals are sustained , i.e .
‘ sustainable development involves devising a social and economic system which [makes sure] that these goals are sustained , i.e .

It ensures that the range of possible bills is limited .
it [makes sure] that the range of possible bills is limited .

It further ensures the reality of government by consent by bringing governors and the governed into close relationship and enabling the views of citizens to reach their rulers and vice versa … The first function of the Commons is still to sustain an effective government .
it further [makes sure] the reality of government by consent by bringing governors and the governed into close relationship and enabling the views of citizens to reach their rulers and vice versa … the first function of the commons is still to sustain an effective government .

Although there should be separate , more detailed plans for each of these areas , their integration ensures that the separate plans are complementary whereas , in the past , compartmentalised planning led to overlaps and omissions .
although there should be separate , more detailed plans for each of these areas , their integration [makes sure] that the separate plans are complementary whereas , in the past , compartmentalised planning led to overlaps and omissions .

Completer-Finisher : ensures attention to detail , maintains schedules ; anxious and introvert .
completer-finisher : [makes sure] attention to detail , maintains schedules ; anxious and introvert .

Both are unique , but there is no doubt that the Plane is the more unexpected of the two features , and this , together with its overgrown obscurity , ensures that ‘ Foxton Locks ’ come first in any discussion about the place .
both are unique , but there is no doubt that the plane is the more unexpected of the two features , and this , together with its overgrown obscurity , [makes sure] that ‘ foxton locks ’ come first in any discussion about the place .

This fat — invariably in the form of ( — is lighter than water , and so improves buoyancy ; and also ensures that planktonic creatures , as a group , tend to be highly nutritious .
this fat — invariably in the form of ( — is lighter than water , and so improves buoyancy ; and also [makes sure] that planktonic creatures , as a group , tend to be highly nutritious .

This is particularly so in homoiotherms , whose constant body temperature ensures a steady level of functioning in the central nervous system and hence the possibility of extensive exploration in varied environments .
this is particularly so in homoiotherms , whose constant body temperature [makes sure] a steady level of functioning in the central nervous system and hence the possibility of extensive exploration in varied environments .

But it 's not just a ‘ good looker ’ ! Its advanced design ensures you really do enjoy improved picture performance .
but it 's not just a ‘ good looker ’ ! its advanced design [makes sure] you really do enjoy improved picture performance .

The Scheme ensures that you may make a claim for any lapse in service within the four specified guarantees . If we fail , you may write and claim a payment as follows :
the scheme [makes sure] that you may make a claim for any lapse in service within the four specified guarantees . if we fail , you may write and claim a payment as follows :

Do n't forget to complete the Direct Debit Instruction — it ensures your Plan contributions are paid regularly .
do n't forget to complete the direct debit instruction — it [makes sure] your plan contributions are paid regularly .

Finally , delegation ensures that you do not fall into the fatal trap of trying to become or seem indispensable .
finally , delegation [makes sure] that you do not fall into the fatal trap of trying to become or seem indispensable .

Freestanding on ball and claw feet , its excellent heat and sound insulation ensures long hot baths while the household sleeps on undisturbed by noise .
freestanding on ball and claw feet , its excellent heat and sound insulation [makes sure] long hot baths while the household sleeps on undisturbed by noise .

• An increased pumping of the heart ensures that the exercising muscles receive all the extra blood and yet enough still goes to the brain and other vital organs .
• an increased pumping of the heart [makes sure] that the exercising muscles receive all the extra blood and yet enough still goes to the brain and other vital organs .

• An increased rate and depth of breathing ensures that more oxygen is taken into the blood ( for delivery to the muscles ) and that the extra carbon dioxide is removed from the body .
• an increased rate and depth of breathing [makes sure] that more oxygen is taken into the blood ( for delivery to the muscles ) and that the extra carbon dioxide is removed from the body .

The vane is the oast 's rudder and ensures that the boarded surface always faces the wind , thus preserving the opportunity for moist air to escape ( Plate 14 ) .
the vane is the oast 's rudder and [makes sure] that the boarded surface always faces the wind , thus preserving the opportunity for moist air to escape ( plate 14 ) .

But , although most of the rest of the film , until its chase finale , is played out within one house , where the lodger 's strange behaviour arouses suspicions of his guilt , Hitchcock 's interest in using the details of daily life to build anticipation and stir emotion ensures that the action never seems confined .
but , although most of the rest of the film , until its chase finale , is played out within one house , where the lodger 's strange behaviour arouses suspicions of his guilt , hitchcock 's interest in using the details of daily life to build anticipation and stir emotion [makes sure] that the action never seems confined .

Swivel head means it follows contours of your skin well , and the double blade ensures a really close , clean , smooth shave .
swivel head means it follows contours of your skin well , and the double blade [makes sure] a really close , clean , smooth shave .

The new 3.6-litre engine , of flat-six configuration like its predecessor but otherwise totally new , also ensures the Carrera 4 is one of the fastest sports cars in the world in a straight line .
the new 3.6-litre engine , of flat-six configuration like its predecessor but otherwise totally new , also [makes sure] the carrera 4 is one of the fastest sports cars in the world in a straight line .

But , if this argument is valid , then taxation ensures that the Government is itself a very substantial beneficiary .
but , if this argument is valid , then taxation [makes sure] that the government is itself a very substantial beneficiary .

However , the experiential nature of police training usually ensures that a commonsense knowledge about these patterns is also built up .
however , the experiential nature of police training usually [makes sure] that a commonsense knowledge about these patterns is also built up .

Read in this way , community policing in Northern Ireland seems designed exclusively to improve relations between the police and Catholics , but it is much wider than this for it is also employed in Protestant t areas like Easton , where the existence of ‘ ordinary crime ’ ensures that the police are keen to improve crime prevention by better relations with the public generally .
read in this way , community policing in northern ireland seems designed exclusively to improve relations between the police and catholics , but it is much wider than this for it is also employed in protestant t areas like easton , where the existence of ‘ ordinary crime ’ [makes sure] that the police are keen to improve crime prevention by better relations with the public generally .

This self-selection process ensures that the Community Relations Branch attracts people with enthusiasm and the necessary personal qualities which make them enjoy work with youngsters , and not one member of the Community Relations Branch we encountered in Easton and elsewhere expressed anything other than pleasure and enjoyment from working with youngsters .
this self-selection process [makes sure] that the community relations branch attracts people with enthusiasm and the necessary personal qualities which make them enjoy work with youngsters , and not one member of the community relations branch we encountered in easton and elsewhere expressed anything other than pleasure and enjoyment from working with youngsters .

However , where they feel safe from the management 's glare and there is a low risk of being attacked , the men often walk the beat together , although this risk ensures they never call at premises together .
however , where they feel safe from the management 's glare and there is a low risk of being attacked , the men often walk the beat together , although this risk [makes sure] they never call at premises together .

This ensures continuity with more than one worker , where it may be difficult to find one person to live in permanently .
this [makes sure] continuity with more than one worker , where it may be difficult to find one person to live in permanently .

Strawberry strategy An early start for strawberries ensures a full crop the following season , so you should plant out your runners now .
strawberry strategy an early start for strawberries [makes sure] a full crop the following season , so you should plant out your runners now .

On a car or winch launch , the pull of the rope or launching cable exerts very little stabilising effect , but the rapid acceleration usually ensures that enough speed is gained to have good control .
on a car or winch launch , the pull of the rope or launching cable exerts very little stabilising effect , but the rapid acceleration usually [makes sure] that enough speed is gained to have good control .

To support the foot during play there is a lateral support strap which also ensures that the shoe has a close fit .
to support the foot during play there is a lateral support strap which also [makes sure] that the shoe has a close fit .

It is the total change in perspective and new semantic outlook which ensures that the subjective nature of the liminal journey can be used as an essential part of the analysis ; for it can produce a dynamic simply because it incorporates aspects of a newly created ideological disjunction , as some classic accounts have shown .
it is the total change in perspective and new semantic outlook which [makes sure] that the subjective nature of the liminal journey can be used as an essential part of the analysis ; for it can produce a dynamic simply because it incorporates aspects of a newly created ideological disjunction , as some classic accounts have shown .

It therefore creates something of a paradox which ensures that those who make a marginal move are inevitably referred back ‘ to the centre ’ , as being the realm of ‘ real policing ’ .
it therefore creates something of a paradox which [makes sure] that those who make a marginal move are inevitably referred back ‘ to the centre ’ , as being the realm of ‘ real policing ’ .

For those without any assistance , a similar stand could be made which ensures the unit does not have the tendency to tip forward .
for those without any assistance , a similar stand could be made which [makes sure] the unit does not have the tendency to tip forward .

In a few clinics there is an appointments system which at least ensures that the patient is seen when he or she expects to be seen , but there may be delays in getting an appointment .
in a few clinics there is an appointments system which at least [makes sure] that the patient is seen when he or she expects to be seen , but there may be delays in getting an appointment .

This ensures everything works , valves are correctly positioned and that all the necessary equipment is carried .
this [makes sure] everything works , valves are correctly positioned and that all the necessary equipment is carried .

To be in the First Division is prestigious , and also lucrative for a club since it ensures large crowds .
to be in the first division is prestigious , and also lucrative for a club since it [makes sure] large crowds .

Particular genes can be switched on and off at particular times because the bottleneck/growth-cycle calendar ensures that there is such a thing as a particular time .
particular genes can be switched on and off at particular times because the bottleneck/growth-cycle calendar [makes sure] that there is such a thing as a particular time .

In the first year you should keep your livestock rate very low ; this greatly reduces the chance of disease and ensures adequate winter fodder .
in the first year you should keep your livestock rate very low ; this greatly reduces the chance of disease and [makes sure] adequate winter fodder .

For the authorities , it ensures that only a relatively sanitized version of events gets out ; for the authors , it means that they do not have to perjure themselves , and has the additional benefit that the gaps — and consequently the restraints under which they have had to work — are obvious to their readers .
for the authorities , it [makes sure] that only a relatively sanitized version of events gets out ; for the authors , it means that they do not have to perjure themselves , and has the additional benefit that the gaps — and consequently the restraints under which they have had to work — are obvious to their readers .

He has , for example , adopted a single-status policy at United Biscuits , which , among other things , ensures that the same company pension scheme applies equally to top management and the rank and file .
he has , for example , adopted a single-status policy at united biscuits , which , among other things , [makes sure] that the same company pension scheme applies equally to top management and the rank and file .

It protects them and ensures they receive adequate payment for their musical skills .
it protects them and [makes sure] they receive adequate payment for their musical skills .

This ensures that the manager seeks the artist 's permission before spending more than a certain amount of money .
this [makes sure] that the manager seeks the artist 's permission before spending more than a certain amount of money .

Organisational changes have been introduced and a policy statement has been formulated that provides the blueprint for care for the future , and ensures that it will be conducted in accordance with the latest and best practices of the nursing profession .
organisational changes have been introduced and a policy statement has been formulated that provides the blueprint for care for the future , and [makes sure] that it will be conducted in accordance with the latest and best practices of the nursing profession .

This is a welcome and encouraging trend which not only ensures that the investment of Branch funds complies with the Trustee Investment Acts , but provides Branches with an excellent return on their money and assists management of the Association 's cash flow .
this is a welcome and encouraging trend which not only [makes sure] that the investment of branch funds complies with the trustee investment acts , but provides branches with an excellent return on their money and assists management of the association 's cash flow .

Down bags have inner and outer shells differentially cut — in other words the inner shell is smaller than the outer and this again ensures the filling achieves maximum loft for better performance .
down bags have inner and outer shells differentially cut — in other words the inner shell is smaller than the outer and this again [makes sure] the filling achieves maximum loft for better performance .

Frazer 's evocative and often imaginative description of Nemi 's grove under ‘ the dreamy blue of Italian skies ’ ensures that Eliot 's poem takes place in ‘ that Italian air ’ .
frazer 's evocative and often imaginative description of nemi 's grove under ‘ the dreamy blue of italian skies ’ [makes sure] that eliot 's poem takes place in ‘ that italian air ’ .

Esda is effectively negated because the plastic sheet ensures that no indentation is left on underlying pages .
esda is effectively negated because the plastic sheet [makes sure] that no indentation is left on underlying pages .

This ensures a homogeneous distribution of all materials among all the micelles .
this [makes sure] a homogeneous distribution of all materials among all the micelles .

But focusing on The Master ensures that there is , acceptably , a male at the heart of Dickinson 's emotional life .
but focusing on the master [makes sure] that there is , acceptably , a male at the heart of dickinson 's emotional life .

The new legislation amends the Badgers Act 1983 , which becomes the Badgers Act 1991 , and effectively ensures that badgers are as well protected by law as are species on the verge of extinction .
the new legislation amends the badgers act 1983 , which becomes the badgers act 1991 , and effectively [makes sure] that badgers are as well protected by law as are species on the verge of extinction .

The high probability of cross-fertilisation , although a natural device that ensures vigour and diversity , means seedlings may not resemble their parents , a particular risk with fruit pips and stones .
the high probability of cross-fertilisation , although a natural device that [makes sure] vigour and diversity , means seedlings may not resemble their parents , a particular risk with fruit pips and stones .

The high alkalinity of working concentrations ensures adequate disinfection against brewing yeasts .
the high alkalinity of working concentrations [makes sure] adequate disinfection against brewing yeasts .

Tony Bowran feels very strongly about his constant development as a photographer and ensures that time is taken to work on his own projects .
tony bowran feels very strongly about his constant development as a photographer and [makes sure] that time is taken to work on his own projects .

One suggestion is that pre-exposure to the context , by preventing the subsequent formation of context-target associations , might enhance latent inhibition because it ensures that particularly strong associations will be formed among the elements of the target itself .
one suggestion is that pre-exposure to the context , by preventing the subsequent formation of context-target associations , might enhance latent inhibition because it [makes sure] that particularly strong associations will be formed among the elements of the target itself .

There are signs that an upturn in consumer spending might already have been appearing ; keeping Mr Major in Downing Street ensures that that recovery is under way .
there are signs that an upturn in consumer spending might already have been appearing ; keeping mr major in downing street [makes sure] that that recovery is under way .

This ensures that customers fully understand what they are saying ‘ Yes ’ to , before taking on long term commitments like life insurance , investments and pensions .
this [makes sure] that customers fully understand what they are saying ‘ yes ’ to , before taking on long term commitments like life insurance , investments and pensions .

Virgin 's sale of one quarter of its music business to the entertainment and leisure giant , Fujisankei , ensures that it will remain the last of the world 's independent record companies — for the time being , at least .
virgin 's sale of one quarter of its music business to the entertainment and leisure giant , fujisankei , [makes sure] that it will remain the last of the world 's independent record companies — for the time being , at least .

Stravinsky ensures a happy yet solemn ending to The Firebird by using the old Easter hymn ‘ At the Gate ’ where the whole congregation rejoices at the renewal of life .
stravinsky [makes sure] a happy yet solemn ending to the firebird by using the old easter hymn ‘ at the gate ’ where the whole congregation rejoices at the renewal of life .

Darts and snakes and ladders championships organised a bit like the ‘ world cup ’ ensures everyone of more than one game and can be a pleasant way of making a small profit .
darts and snakes and ladders championships organised a bit like the ‘ world cup ’ [makes sure] everyone of more than one game and can be a pleasant way of making a small profit .

The electrodes permanently attached to his scalp — we need those to take the frequent and essential measurements of electric impulses produced by his brain — are also imperceptible to him , since the resilience of his mattress ensures he feels no pressure from them at all .
the electrodes permanently attached to his scalp — we need those to take the frequent and essential measurements of electric impulses produced by his brain — are also imperceptible to him , since the resilience of his mattress [makes sure] he feels no pressure from them at all .

To the right in a sort of small chest , rather like a retable , is the reliquary of Charlemagne ( the relic of the True Cross ) , the talisman which ensures the power of Empire to its possessor .
to the right in a sort of small chest , rather like a retable , is the reliquary of charlemagne ( the relic of the true cross ) , the talisman which [makes sure] the power of empire to its possessor .

The essence of clientelism requires class differences and , therefore , although it softens the harshness of status differences it also ensures their continuation .
the essence of clientelism requires class differences and , therefore , although it softens the harshness of status differences it also [makes sure] their continuation .

We are thus faced with the following problem : what organization in the early sea-urchin embryo ensures that the proportions of cells that form the skeleton , the gut , and the surface layers , will be the same in embryos whose cells can be quite extensively rearranged and whose size varies over a factor of eightfold ?
we are thus faced with the following problem : what organization in the early sea-urchin embryo [makes sure] that the proportions of cells that form the skeleton , the gut , and the surface layers , will be the same in embryos whose cells can be quite extensively rearranged and whose size varies over a factor of eightfold ?

This ensures that muscles are the correct length for the bones to which they attach ( Chapter 10 ) .
this [makes sure] that muscles are the correct length for the bones to which they attach ( chapter 10 ) .

But what commits the muscle to this final pathway and what ensures that all the necessary genes are turned on at the same time ?
but what commits the muscle to this final pathway and what [makes sure] that all the necessary genes are turned on at the same time ?

For the most part , children , whether at primary or at secondary school , learn much the same , wherever they are at school ; and the system of public examinations , externally monitored , ensures that there is a reasonable degree of uniformity .
for the most part , children , whether at primary or at secondary school , learn much the same , wherever they are at school ; and the system of public examinations , externally monitored , [makes sure] that there is a reasonable degree of uniformity .

Such a performance ensures she need never do the dishes .
such a performance [makes sure] she need never do the dishes .

Consent is represented as the critical feature of the law which ensures the patient 's right to self-determination , whereas , in fact , it is referred to and manipulated so as to produce the opposite result .
consent is represented as the critical feature of the law which [makes sure] the patient 's right to self-determination , whereas , in fact , it is referred to and manipulated so as to produce the opposite result .

The fine weather enjoyed by the island ensures that cricket is played all year round .
the fine weather enjoyed by the island [makes sure] that cricket is played all year round .

The inside of the channel is coated in some sort of Teflon-like substance which ensures that no matter how hard one scrapes along the bottom or smashes into corners , remarkably little blood gets drawn .
the inside of the channel is coated in some sort of teflon-like substance which [makes sure] that no matter how hard one scrapes along the bottom or smashes into corners , remarkably little blood gets drawn .

Although a panel interview ensures that one person 's particular prejudices do not overshadow the entire selection procedure , if all the people on the panel share the same prejudices then these will be reinforced .
although a panel interview [makes sure] that one person 's particular prejudices do not overshadow the entire selection procedure , if all the people on the panel share the same prejudices then these will be reinforced .

In their ambivalence , their way of asking often ensures that they do not get the closeness they say they want .
in their ambivalence , their way of asking often [makes sure] that they do not get the closeness they say they want .

Seat belt ‘ lock off ’ guide ensures the seat belt is held at the correct position .
seat belt ‘ lock off ’ guide [makes sure] the seat belt is held at the correct position .

Ensures the adult seat belt fits securely .
[makes sure] the adult seat belt fits securely .

The sturdy metal case ensures years of trouble-free operation .
the sturdy metal case [makes sure] years of trouble-free operation .

It is generally understood that the disease is spread by fleas and mosquitoes and since rabbits are gregarious by nature their close contact with each other automatically ensures the rapid spread of the disease .
it is generally understood that the disease is spread by fleas and mosquitoes and since rabbits are gregarious by nature their close contact with each other automatically [makes sure] the rapid spread of the disease .

This automatically ensures the rabbits stay in good condition even with a reduced bulk intake .
this automatically [makes sure] the rabbits stay in good condition even with a reduced bulk intake .

The rats ' liking for newborn rabbits ensures they are treated with respect .
the rats ' liking for newborn rabbits [makes sure] they are treated with respect .

You can place a marker at the edge of the swim which , at forty yards or more range , is a tremendous aid to accurate casting and ensures that groundbait always goes in the same spot .
you can place a marker at the edge of the swim which , at forty yards or more range , is a tremendous aid to accurate casting and [makes sure] that groundbait always goes in the same spot .

The advantage of the group system is that it ensures that members of the respective parties put forward clear cut views at the meetings of the council .
the advantage of the group system is that it [makes sure] that members of the respective parties put forward clear cut views at the meetings of the council .

Our welfare state encourages , even ensures , poverty among retired people .
our welfare state encourages , even [makes sure] , poverty among retired people .

But the principle of pinning selection to a single source in this way ensures efficiency .
but the principle of pinning selection to a single source in this way [makes sure] efficiency .

Even at 10 mls the anti-surge plunger ensures that the liquid is drawn smoothly into the tip without vortexing .
even at 10 mls the anti-surge plunger [makes sure] that the liquid is drawn smoothly into the tip without vortexing .

The existence of the network ensures that searchers do not have to go to London to obtain this information .
the existence of the network [makes sure] that searchers do not have to go to london to obtain this information .

It emphasises the rural nature of much of our heritage ( despite the pre-eminence of Belfast as a great industrial city ) and ensures the preservation and display of the objects , customs and beliefs of our past .
it emphasises the rural nature of much of our heritage ( despite the pre-eminence of belfast as a great industrial city ) and [makes sure] the preservation and display of the objects , customs and beliefs of our past .

We are equally concerned that backing this up is an organisation which ( in addition to being efficient ) ensures equal opportunity , and an adult ambience of personal care in which responsibility and individuality can flourish ( not easy to achieve ) .
we are equally concerned that backing this up is an organisation which ( in addition to being efficient ) [makes sure] equal opportunity , and an adult ambience of personal care in which responsibility and individuality can flourish ( not easy to achieve ) .

The issue of a comfort letter by the Commission ensures continued immunity from fines , since the agreement remains a notified agreement .
the issue of a comfort letter by the commission [makes sure] continued immunity from fines , since the agreement remains a notified agreement .

The depth of flavour results from the warm climate , which ensures all the grapes are ripe , sweet and juicy when picked ; the wine is oak aged , during which time it develops much complexity .
the depth of flavour results from the warm climate , which [makes sure] all the grapes are ripe , sweet and juicy when picked ; the wine is oak aged , during which time it develops much complexity .

Attendants ' outfits and accessories are all available and a department especially for the men , with a wide range of morning wear , a Highland Collection and evening wear , ensures the best dressed wedding in town .
attendants ' outfits and accessories are all available and a department especially for the men , with a wide range of morning wear , a highland collection and evening wear , [makes sure] the best dressed wedding in town .

This ensures that the detectors are space-like separated .
this [makes sure] that the detectors are space-like separated .

The relatively static lattice in a diamond ensures that the scattering is at a minimum and the thermal conductivity is exceptionally good .
the relatively static lattice in a diamond [makes sure] that the scattering is at a minimum and the thermal conductivity is exceptionally good .

Many proponents of fluoridation insist that this can not happen ; to support their view they cite a well-known study , published in 1960 , which purports to show that a physiological mechanism ensures that blood levels of ionic fluoride remain stable no matter what the intake ( Journal of Applied Physiology , vol 15 , p 508 ) .
many proponents of fluoridation insist that this can not happen ; to support their view they cite a well-known study , published in 1960 , which purports to show that a physiological mechanism [makes sure] that blood levels of ionic fluoride remain stable no matter what the intake ( journal of applied physiology , vol 15 , p 508 ) .

Davies speculates that it may be a device whereby she ensures that her clutch will in fact be fathered by more than one male .
davies speculates that it may be a device whereby she [makes sure] that her clutch will in fact be fathered by more than one male .

Confession is the strategy which minimises the maximum jail sentence the prisoner can receive , and this minimax strategy is the best one , even though it ensures that the prisoner can not receive the lowest sentence allowed by the ‘ game ’ , the one year for a lesser offence .
confession is the strategy which minimises the maximum jail sentence the prisoner can receive , and this minimax strategy is the best one , even though it [makes sure] that the prisoner can not receive the lowest sentence allowed by the ‘ game ’ , the one year for a lesser offence .

This complicated arrangement ensures that , whatever happens .
this complicated arrangement [makes sure] that , whatever happens .

Nor do curriculum planners usually get any really dedicated help from administrators or politicians , for a single , centralised and not too complicated final examination ensures quiet rest for both Minister and civil servant .
nor do curriculum planners usually get any really dedicated help from administrators or politicians , for a single , centralised and not too complicated final examination [makes sure] quiet rest for both minister and civil servant .

In the minds of men the Created God could , in the course of time , become personified as the immortal keeper of the good which ensures the continuing development of life in accordance with the desired pattern , but that personification should never be allowed to cloud the origins of the Created God , which came from life .
in the minds of men the created god could , in the course of time , become personified as the immortal keeper of the good which [makes sure] the continuing development of life in accordance with the desired pattern , but that personification should never be allowed to cloud the origins of the created god , which came from life .

Regular servicing ensures vehicles operate at their maximum levels of efficiency and safety .
regular servicing [makes sure] vehicles operate at their maximum levels of efficiency and safety .

This ensures that the paddle blade is flat on the water for efficient application of force .
this [makes sure] that the paddle blade is flat on the water for efficient application of force .

Although relatively few eggs are produced , the male 's care ensures a good survival rate .
although relatively few eggs are produced , the male 's care [makes sure] a good survival rate .

Even if a certain amount of the succeeding material unmistakeably evokes the spirits of Soltan 's immediate Soviet musical forbears , his endlessly resourceful and distinctive orchestration ensures that passing resemblances are never unduly pronounced .
even if a certain amount of the succeeding material unmistakeably evokes the spirits of soltan 's immediate soviet musical forbears , his endlessly resourceful and distinctive orchestration [makes sure] that passing resemblances are never unduly pronounced .

To begin with , her musical language is loosely , sometime unabashedly , tonal , and shows evidence of her varied background : Spain , Russia and France all peep through the passage-work. the last two Sonatas inhabit a sterner , more chromatic world , but the vigour of the counterpoint ensures that the music maintains the momentum of the previous works .
to begin with , her musical language is loosely , sometime unabashedly , tonal , and shows evidence of her varied background : spain , russia and france all peep through the passage-work. the last two sonatas inhabit a sterner , more chromatic world , but the vigour of the counterpoint [makes sure] that the music maintains the momentum of the previous works .

Trevor Pinnock ensures that the music keeps moving , and never allows us to forget that it conveys the emotional meaning of the words and is not , as some interpreters would have us believe , detached from all relevance except the purity of its own sound .
trevor pinnock [makes sure] that the music keeps moving , and never allows us to forget that it conveys the emotional meaning of the words and is not , as some interpreters would have us believe , detached from all relevance except the purity of its own sound .

Otaka ensures that nothing is allowed to detract from the overview , yet he allows his orchestra sufficient freedom to shape phrases affectionately without every suffocating them .
otaka [makes sure] that nothing is allowed to detract from the overview , yet he allows his orchestra sufficient freedom to shape phrases affectionately without every suffocating them .

Moves fast , takes decisions quickly , but ensures that loose ends are well tied .
moves fast , takes decisions quickly , but [makes sure] that loose ends are well tied .

With wild cats it ensures that the animals do not become totally dependent on one kind of prey .
with wild cats it [makes sure] that the animals do not become totally dependent on one kind of prey .

The teacher ensures by questioning or other means that the student can make necessary discriminations and has knowledge of the appropriate terminology .
the teacher [makes sure] by questioning or other means that the student can make necessary discriminations and has knowledge of the appropriate terminology .

Communication within the caring team , and the formation of nursing care plans , ensures continuity of patient care .
communication within the caring team , and the formation of nursing care plans , [makes sure] continuity of patient care .

This ensures that each learner has a chance in class to go through the handout and study it .
this [makes sure] that each learner has a chance in class to go through the handout and study it .

The device ensures that the students have the correct information and avoids copious note-taking .
the device [makes sure] that the students have the correct information and avoids copious note-taking .

Undergraduate courses in particular match the needs of the professional syllabuses , and the widespread use of computers at this level ensures that graduates have a strong foundation in the use of the modern tools of accountancy .
undergraduate courses in particular match the needs of the professional syllabuses , and the widespread use of computers at this level [makes sure] that graduates have a strong foundation in the use of the modern tools of accountancy .

Regular review of the Faculty 's courses ensures their relevance to the workplace .
regular review of the faculty 's courses [makes sure] their relevance to the workplace .

Powerful business institutions operate in a way that ensures their interests are given priority , rather than the interests of the less powerful sectors of the community .
powerful business institutions operate in a way that [makes sure] their interests are given priority , rather than the interests of the less powerful sectors of the community .

The syndicate leader seeks out loan business , structures a suitable loan proposal , sells it to other banks and ensures the loan is serviced according to its contract terms .
the syndicate leader seeks out loan business , structures a suitable loan proposal , sells it to other banks and [makes sure] the loan is serviced according to its contract terms .

The government 's overall aim is to ensure that planning control ensures the provision of much needed industrial materials at the least possible environmental cost .
the government 's overall aim is to ensure that planning control [makes sure] the provision of much needed industrial materials at the least possible environmental cost .

The clearance of small areas of forest , followed by burning to release the nutrients stored in the biomass , ensures a sufficiently fertile soil to provide an adequate crop for 2–3 years .
the clearance of small areas of forest , followed by burning to release the nutrients stored in the biomass , [makes sure] a sufficiently fertile soil to provide an adequate crop for 2–3 years .

Moreover , the system of land tenure , wherein the land belongs to the indigenous Fijians and can only be leased to Indo-Fijians ( the descendants of indentured cane workers who were drafted in from India in the early colonial period ) militates against conservation measures because it ensures the political dominance of the former ; and the encouragement of production ensures that such land is seen to be in use , an artefact to maintain internal stability .
moreover , the system of land tenure , wherein the land belongs to the indigenous fijians and can only be leased to indo-fijians ( the descendants of indentured cane workers who were drafted in from india in the early colonial period ) militates against conservation measures because it [makes sure] the political dominance of the former ; and the encouragement of production [makes sure] that such land is seen to be in use , an artefact to maintain internal stability .

User expectations are often unreasonably high ; use of administrative computing systems encourages bureaucrats to believe that environmental data can just as readily be analysed and used to support decisions . The ‘ fuzzy ’ nature of much geographically distributed data , the inherent errors in it , the effects of the processing algorithms used and the assumption of known interactions between variables ensures that completely routine use by unskilled users is unlikely to be possible in the foreseeable future ;
user expectations are often unreasonably high ; use of administrative computing systems encourages bureaucrats to believe that environmental data can just as readily be analysed and used to support decisions . the ‘ fuzzy ’ nature of much geographically distributed data , the inherent errors in it , the effects of the processing algorithms used and the assumption of known interactions between variables [makes sure] that completely routine use by unskilled users is unlikely to be possible in the foreseeable future ;

This ensures that they will acquire competencies that are adaptive in their culture .
this [makes sure] that they will acquire competencies that are adaptive in their culture .

The adoption of standards in the supply channel , such as those that specify packaging , labeling , and marking of products , have reduced further time to market and enhanced efficiencies ; this expedites transit and ensures floor-ready merchandise for consumers at the end of the channel from suppliers .
the adoption of standards in the supply channel , such as those that specify packaging , labeling , and marking of products , have reduced further time to market and enhanced efficiencies ; this expedites transit and [makes sure] floor-ready merchandise for consumers at the end of the channel from suppliers .

It ensures a continuity between the great vaulted sky of Grand Central and the ticket counters , or between the Thirtieth Street chandeliers and the announcement boards at each track stair .
it [makes sure] a continuity between the great vaulted sky of grand central and the ticket counters , or between the thirtieth street chandeliers and the announcement boards at each track stair .

Quantum mechanics ensures that solids have rigidly ordered molecular structures .
quantum mechanics [makes sure] that solids have rigidly ordered molecular structures .

This ensures that you are buying genuine silver and not a cheap alloy .
this [makes sure] that you are buying genuine silver and not a cheap alloy .

Legal Aid Society ensures justice for needy Arthur J. Siegel The Times Union coverage of Law Day quoted Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye as saying , `` The promise of freedom and equal justice is an empty one if our justice system is not accessible . ''
legal aid society [makes sure] justice for needy arthur j. siegel the times union coverage of law day quoted chief judge judith s. kaye as saying , `` the promise of freedom and equal justice is an empty one if our justice system is not accessible . ''

High sensitivity ensures that most of the patients with problems will be detected .
high sensitivity [makes sure] that most of the patients with problems will be detected .

One alternative might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in DHS , including milestones for monitoring performance .
one alternative might be to create a special accountability track that [makes sure] that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in dhs , including milestones for monitoring performance .

Through 21 organizations , including the Veterans Health Administration and the Veterans Benefits Administration , VA ensures that veterans receive medical care , benefits , and social support .
through 21 organizations , including the veterans health administration and the veterans benefits administration , va [makes sure] that veterans receive medical care , benefits , and social support .

Thus , it is clear that Congress crafted the certification provision as a carefully balanced compromise that ensures the President can protect the confidentiality of highly sensitive information , the disclosure of which would substantially impair the operations of government , while affording the Comptroller General the access to information he needs to fulfill his responsibilities under the law .
thus , it is clear that congress crafted the certification provision as a carefully balanced compromise that [makes sure] the president can protect the confidentiality of highly sensitive information , the disclosure of which would substantially impair the operations of government , while affording the comptroller general the access to information he needs to fulfill his responsibilities under the law .

The framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .
the framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and [makes sure] timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .

Although such a combination increases the risks of overpayments occurring , the risks can be effectively mitigated if the sampling plan developed ensures that projected savings exceed estimated costs .
although such a combination increases the risks of overpayments occurring , the risks can be effectively mitigated if the sampling plan developed [makes sure] that projected savings exceed estimated costs .

Likewise , later knowledge that the design can be manufactured affordably and with consistent high quality prior to making a production decision ensures that targets for cost and schedule during production will be met .
likewise , later knowledge that the design can be manufactured affordably and with consistent high quality prior to making a production decision [makes sure] that targets for cost and schedule during production will be met .

Our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way DOD ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost , schedule , and quality outcomes in DOD major acquisition programs .
our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way dod [makes sure] that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost , schedule , and quality outcomes in dod major acquisition programs .

Likewise , later knowledge that the design can be manufactured affordably and with consistent high quality prior to making a production decision ensures that cost and schedule targets will be met .
likewise , later knowledge that the design can be manufactured affordably and with consistent high quality prior to making a production decision [makes sure] that cost and schedule targets will be met .

Submitting an electronic file ensures that an agency 's comments are accurately reproduced in GAO 's accessible product format .
submitting an electronic file [makes sure] that an agency 's comments are accurately reproduced in gao 's accessible product format .

The first principle addresses the acceptance of this premise by senior executive management , and the second ensures that the CIO has the organizational legitimacy to execute his or her role .
the first principle addresses the acceptance of this premise by senior executive management , and the second [makes sure] that the cio has the organizational legitimacy to execute his or her role .

Because LSC attorneys must withdraw whenever a question of a welfare statute 's validity arises , an individual could not obtain joint representation so that the constitutional challenge would be presented by a non-LSC attorney , and other , §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) is necessary to define the scope and contours of the federal program , a condition that ensures funds can be spent for those cases most immediate to congressional concern .
because lsc attorneys must withdraw whenever a question of a welfare statute 's validity arises , an individual could not obtain joint representation so that the constitutional challenge would be presented by a non-lsc attorney , and other , §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) is necessary to define the scope and contours of the federal program , a condition that [makes sure] funds can be spent for those cases most immediate to congressional concern .

State Planning Body Development Since its initial call for state planning in 1995 , LSC has urged the broadest possible participation of equal justice community stakeholders to create and empower a permanent statewide body that coordinates civil equal justice related efforts , promotes the expansion of civil equal justice initiatives , and ensures accountability of all partners to a single , galvanizing vision .
state planning body development since its initial call for state planning in 1995 , lsc has urged the broadest possible participation of equal justice community stakeholders to create and empower a permanent statewide body that coordinates civil equal justice related efforts , promotes the expansion of civil equal justice initiatives , and [makes sure] accountability of all partners to a single , galvanizing vision .

Chief Justice Randall Shepard delivered keynote addresses at both conferences , calling upon Indiana state bar leaders and legal services advocates to work together in developing a statewide system that ensures equal access to justice for all low-income people in Indiana .
chief justice randall shepard delivered keynote addresses at both conferences , calling upon indiana state bar leaders and legal services advocates to work together in developing a statewide system that [makes sure] equal access to justice for all low-income people in indiana .

Under the Clear Skies Initiative , America will continue to have a diverse fuel mix that ensures a reliable , affordable energy supply .
under the clear skies initiative , america will continue to have a diverse fuel mix that [makes sure] a reliable , affordable energy supply .

The Clear Skies Initiative will deliver substantial health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation , reduces costs , and ensures results .
the clear skies initiative will deliver substantial health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation , reduces costs , and [makes sure] results .

The cap ensures that the reductions in SO2 , NOx and mercury required by the Clear Skies Initiative are achieved and maintained over time even as new power plants are built .
the cap [makes sure] that the reductions in so2 , nox and mercury required by the clear skies initiative are achieved and maintained over time even as new power plants are built .

This program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .
this program [makes sure] that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .

This ensures , among other things , that each zip-code area may constitute an outbreak on its own .
this [makes sure] , among other things , that each zip-code area may constitute an outbreak on its own .

A blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” These drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” The scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” This practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” If a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .
a blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” these drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” the scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” this practice , said the scientist , “ virtually [makes sure] that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” if a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .

The ability to follow individual cells as organs develop is key to this , says Stainier , who reported in March that fibronectin is required for heart development because , by regulating the polarisation of epithelial cells , fibronectin ensures the correct migration of myocardial cells .
the ability to follow individual cells as organs develop is key to this , says stainier , who reported in march that fibronectin is required for heart development because , by regulating the polarisation of epithelial cells , fibronectin [makes sure] the correct migration of myocardial cells .

The CCAL also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .
the ccal also [makes sure] that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .

A gasket between the membrane and the top insert prevents leaks and ensures that the entire sample is delivered into the flow cell and filtered through the membrane .
a gasket between the membrane and the top insert prevents leaks and [makes sure] that the entire sample is delivered into the flow cell and filtered through the membrane .

Integration ensures that prevention activities are not neglected .
integration [makes sure] that prevention activities are not neglected .

This is a superior way of pricing an IPO because no one gets shares on the basis of who they know , and because it ensures that the company going public is n't going to leave too much money on the table by going public at a lower price than the one the market was willing to pay .
this is a superior way of pricing an ipo because no one gets shares on the basis of who they know , and because it [makes sure] that the company going public is n't going to leave too much money on the table by going public at a lower price than the one the market was willing to pay .

The strength of America 's military and nuclear arsenal ensures global stability , treaties ca n't .
the strength of america 's military and nuclear arsenal [makes sure] global stability , treaties ca n't .

A digital signature ensures it came straight from the manufacturer , picking up no stray viruses along the way .
a digital signature [makes sure] it came straight from the manufacturer , picking up no stray viruses along the way .

This ensures that prosecutors are charging a specific suspect .
this [makes sure] that prosecutors are charging a specific suspect .

What does merit our suspicion is a blind faith in the ability of machines and chemicals to make up for the destruction of the natural environment that ensures humankind has the clean water , air , and abundant resources we need to survive .
what does merit our suspicion is a blind faith in the ability of machines and chemicals to make up for the destruction of the natural environment that [makes sure] humankind has the clean water , air , and abundant resources we need to survive .

The final crucial detail that ensures that this world and our financial markets will always function smoothly is that the sharks can become bottom feeders , and vice versa .
the final crucial detail that [makes sure] that this world and our financial markets will always function smoothly is that the sharks can become bottom feeders , and vice versa .

The agreement requires the withdrawal of Israeli troops from parts of the West Bank and calls on both sides to refrain from taking unilateral action , which ensures the Palestinians wo n't declare statehood and the Israelis wo n't build settlements in the West Bank or Gaza Strip .
the agreement requires the withdrawal of israeli troops from parts of the west bank and calls on both sides to refrain from taking unilateral action , which [makes sure] the palestinians wo n't declare statehood and the israelis wo n't build settlements in the west bank or gaza strip .

The Los Angeles Times goes with a federal court decision that ensures that next year Californians will be able to vote across party lines in primary elections .
the los angeles times goes with a federal court decision that [makes sure] that next year californians will be able to vote across party lines in primary elections .

Do n't worry too much : The proliferation of news outlets ensures that media conglomerates will be covered aggressively .
do n't worry too much : the proliferation of news outlets [makes sure] that media conglomerates will be covered aggressively .

More important , communicating the secret pass code ensures that contributors in the electric industry know that the Bush campaign knows how much they 've given .
more important , communicating the secret pass code [makes sure] that contributors in the electric industry know that the bush campaign knows how much they 've given .

The takings clause forces taxpayers to share in the cost of any taking , and so ensures that frivolous takings will meet broad opposition .
the takings clause forces taxpayers to share in the cost of any taking , and so [makes sure] that frivolous takings will meet broad opposition .

In order to overcome socioeconomic bias , Harris is using what is known as `` quota sampling , '' which ensures that the poll 's respondents are an accurate reflection of the population 's demographics .
in order to overcome socioeconomic bias , harris is using what is known as `` quota sampling , '' which [makes sure] that the poll 's respondents are an accurate reflection of the population 's demographics .

Moreover , it ensures that students from all backgrounds have an equal bite of the apple .
moreover , it [makes sure] that students from all backgrounds have an equal bite of the apple .

Done well , it ensures the best of both worlds .
done well , it [makes sure] the best of both worlds .

It is this group that ensures steady growth in this most malleable domain of the English vocabulary , for the resources of the human imagination are limitless .
it is this group that [makes sure] steady growth in this most malleable domain of the english vocabulary , for the resources of the human imagination are limitless .

In Black sittings its use ensures soldarity between speakers ; in White or mixed sittings the use of the patois symbolizes social distance from mainstream society and an assertion of ethnic identity .
in black sittings its use [makes sure] soldarity between speakers ; in white or mixed sittings the use of the patois symbolizes social distance from mainstream society and an assertion of ethnic identity .

