The first was the commune program , which will ensure agricultural poverty for years .
the first was the commune program , which will [make sure] agricultural poverty for years .

You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .
you may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to [make sure] that you understand what the word donnybrook means .

And here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` the paramount goal of the United States set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual , ensure his development , enlarge his opportunity '' .
and here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` the paramount goal of the united states set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual , [make sure] his development , enlarge his opportunity '' .

Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .
only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he [make sure] attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .

Our investment in this effort , the greatest in our Nation's history , reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom .
our investment in this effort , the greatest in our nation's history , reflects our determination to [make sure] the peace and the future of freedom .

This small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode .
this small pore size was required to [make sure] uniformity of the flow leaving the anode .

Proponents of single elements tend to ensure predominance of that element without determining if it is justified , and the element with the most enthusiastic and vociferous proponents has assumed the greatest importance .
proponents of single elements tend to [make sure] predominance of that element without determining if it is justified , and the element with the most enthusiastic and vociferous proponents has assumed the greatest importance .

Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .
good operational intelligence can [make sure] sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .

And they 've asked the Home Secretary to draw up nationwide guidelines to ensure all police forces act in the same way .
and they 've asked the home secretary to draw up nationwide guidelines to [make sure] all police forces act in the same way .

He 's the third generation to be running Redlands farm and he 's confident he knows what path he must take to ensure its future .
he 's the third generation to be running redlands farm and he 's confident he knows what path he must take to [make sure] its future .

For the Harcourts , it 's selling the past to ensure the future .
for the harcourts , it 's selling the past to [make sure] the future .

It 's being carried out by foresters using an ancient technique which will ensure the trees survival .
it 's being carried out by foresters using an ancient technique which will [make sure] the trees survival .

Health authorities would be encouraged , he said , to use discretion to ensure medical care is free .
health authorities would be encouraged , he said , to use discretion to [make sure] medical care is free .

Now aid workers are trying to ensure the children 's own health and welfare .
now aid workers are trying to [make sure] the children 's own health and welfare .

It 's hit the farm before and since an outbreak 3 years ago , the farmer has worked hard to try to ensure there would n't be a repeat .
it 's hit the farm before and since an outbreak 3 years ago , the farmer has worked hard to try to [make sure] there would n't be a repeat .

Committee members have striven to ensure , like the village itself , the new is on display alongside the old
committee members have striven to [make sure] , like the village itself , the new is on display alongside the old

The travel agent admits he 's in the wrong and says he 's trying to ensure that Norman Culliford gets at least some of his money back .
the travel agent admits he 's in the wrong and says he 's trying to [make sure] that norman culliford gets at least some of his money back .

We have to ensure that people who deserve to be locked up for the public good are locked up .
we have to [make sure] that people who deserve to be locked up for the public good are locked up .

’ Having one ticket and tour agent means we can control the distribution of tickets … and ensure we offer a good and fair deal .
’ having one ticket and tour agent means we can control the distribution of tickets … and [make sure] we offer a good and fair deal .

Conservationists and landowners are working together to ensure the future of one of the region 's best loved woodland valleys .
conservationists and landowners are working together to [make sure] the future of one of the region 's best loved woodland valleys .

We 're going to make a lot of effort to ensure the noise is kept to as low a level as possible .
we 're going to make a lot of effort to [make sure] the noise is kept to as low a level as possible .

The police have declined to comment , but in a brief statement Mr Girven said he was conducting an inquiry to ensure that officers in the force have behaved correctly , and that in the circumstances he was seeking an independent investigator from another force to undertake it .
the police have declined to comment , but in a brief statement mr girven said he was conducting an inquiry to [make sure] that officers in the force have behaved correctly , and that in the circumstances he was seeking an independent investigator from another force to undertake it .

But first harness , tack and carriages had to be spruced up to ensure top marks for turnout .
but first harness , tack and carriages had to be spruced up to [make sure] top marks for turnout .

So what we 're trying to do is ensure the service is delivered as the purchasing agencies require .
so what we 're trying to do is [make sure] the service is delivered as the purchasing agencies require .

The bouncy castle at Brockworth attracts up to 200 children a day … and there has n't been a single accident . The licensee says that 's because he 's determined to ensure it 's safe :
the bouncy castle at brockworth attracts up to 200 children a day … and there has n't been a single accident . the licensee says that 's because he 's determined to [make sure] it 's safe :

Steve and his wife use it to keep the weight off and ensure their 3 young daughters get the balanced diet the experts say they need .
steve and his wife use it to keep the weight off and [make sure] their 3 young daughters get the balanced diet the experts say they need .

Welcome back : In a few minutes we 'll be visiting the Victorian mansion that is n't finished yet , and has just been given a grant to ensure that it never will be .
welcome back : in a few minutes we 'll be visiting the victorian mansion that is n't finished yet , and has just been given a grant to [make sure] that it never will be .

Now the Government is promising to take steps to ensure this scale of invasion does n't happen again .
now the government is promising to take steps to [make sure] this scale of invasion does n't happen again .

The fires have been burning in the orchards this weekend.It was all part of ancient rites to ensure a good crop of cider apples.And there 's some evidence that it really works.Richard Barnett reports :
the fires have been burning in the orchards this weekend.it was all part of ancient rites to [make sure] a good crop of cider apples.and there 's some evidence that it really works.richard barnett reports :

The idea behind the ceremony is to keep the gods happy to ensure a good crop .
the idea behind the ceremony is to keep the gods happy to [make sure] a good crop .

The home has since taken action to ensure that such an accident does n't happen again .
the home has since taken action to [make sure] that such an accident does n't happen again .

The money will ensure her mother is well looked after .
the money will [make sure] her mother is well looked after .

Most of the participants have studied the philosophy and way of life of the American Indian . They adopt the traditions of individual tribes , like the Sioux and take great pains to ensure their regalia is authentic …
most of the participants have studied the philosophy and way of life of the american indian . they adopt the traditions of individual tribes , like the sioux and take great pains to [make sure] their regalia is authentic …

The father and daughter team are working flat out , to ensure it 's in good trim for the city 's first ever World Cup encounter .
the father and daughter team are working flat out , to [make sure] it 's in good trim for the city 's first ever world cup encounter .

The teams cut carefully to ensure the rushes continue to thrive .
the teams cut carefully to [make sure] the rushes continue to thrive .

Midlands Electricity will be prosecuted for failing to ensure safety of its workers and others .
midlands electricity will be prosecuted for failing to [make sure] safety of its workers and others .

He says that the main priority was to ensure that the travellers could n't group up to stage a huge festival .
he says that the main priority was to [make sure] that the travellers could n't group up to stage a huge festival .

But the herd manager says it 's the better taste of Hereford beef that should ensure the survival of the county breed :
but the herd manager says it 's the better taste of hereford beef that should [make sure] the survival of the county breed :

Our equine nutritionist Zoe Davies offers some sound advice on page 41 to ensure that your horse really is getting what he needs .
our equine nutritionist zoe davies offers some sound advice on page 41 to [make sure] that your horse really is getting what he needs .

The breaking and training process will need to be longer than usual and extra care must be taken to ensure that new lessons are clearly taught .
the breaking and training process will need to be longer than usual and extra care must be taken to [make sure] that new lessons are clearly taught .

We agree with Yan Pascal Tortelier that this is a wonderful programme for the closing concert of the Festival , and we 're sure that conductor , soloist and orchestra will ensure a thumping success !
we agree with yan pascal tortelier that this is a wonderful programme for the closing concert of the festival , and we 're sure that conductor , soloist and orchestra will [make sure] a thumping success !

When sending a postal booking form to the Booking Office please ensure that you include :
when sending a postal booking form to the booking office please [make sure] that you include :

In addition to this lump sum the annual half a million pound allowance will be paid to the Duchess by the Queen partly to ensure that she is never tempted to publish memoirs or talk about her failed marriage .
in addition to this lump sum the annual half a million pound allowance will be paid to the duchess by the queen partly to [make sure] that she is never tempted to publish memoirs or talk about her failed marriage .

He agreed and ordered Lady Kennedy 's counsel , Stephen Kamilish , to talk to her and ensure it did not continue .
he agreed and ordered lady kennedy 's counsel , stephen kamilish , to talk to her and [make sure] it did not continue .

It stated : ‘ If the Government goes ahead with privatisation , a Labour controlled Scottish parliament will legislate to ensure that water and sewerage services are returned to public ownership under the control of directly elected and accountable local authorities . ’
it stated : ‘ if the government goes ahead with privatisation , a labour controlled scottish parliament will legislate to [make sure] that water and sewerage services are returned to public ownership under the control of directly elected and accountable local authorities . ’

‘ When somebody is taken in , in a distressed state , there should be supervision to ensure they stay in the hospital , ’ Mr McFall said .
‘ when somebody is taken in , in a distressed state , there should be supervision to [make sure] they stay in the hospital , ’ mr mcfall said .

Labour 's consumer affairs spokesman , Nigel Griffiths , called on the Department of Trade and Industry to issue guidelines to firms disposing of damaged goods to ensure that packaging did not fall into the wrong hands .
labour 's consumer affairs spokesman , nigel griffiths , called on the department of trade and industry to issue guidelines to firms disposing of damaged goods to [make sure] that packaging did not fall into the wrong hands .

‘ It is my job to ensure that the £100 million we spend each day is delivered as cost-effectively as possible to ever higher standards of patient care .
‘ it is my job to [make sure] that the £100 million we spend each day is delivered as cost-effectively as possible to ever higher standards of patient care .

Mr Stewart gave warning against any attempt to tackle , as Mr Clarke suggested , the sector 's ‘ vested interests ’ to ensure that everyone benefited .
mr stewart gave warning against any attempt to tackle , as mr clarke suggested , the sector 's ‘ vested interests ’ to [make sure] that everyone benefited .

Mr Smith saw the move to ensure the institution 's senior management were elected and accountable as a straightforward wrecking attempt .
mr smith saw the move to [make sure] the institution 's senior management were elected and accountable as a straightforward wrecking attempt .

The Government came under heavy pressure from the Law Society of Scotland to retain the contributory band to ensure that applicants were not encouraged to waste police and court time by using legal aid procedures to delay an eventual plea of guilty on the first day in court .
the government came under heavy pressure from the law society of scotland to retain the contributory band to [make sure] that applicants were not encouraged to waste police and court time by using legal aid procedures to delay an eventual plea of guilty on the first day in court .

The eight-phase plan is designed to ensure the 166-year-old zoo — the world 's oldest — against previously threatened closure .
the eight-phase plan is designed to [make sure] the 166-year-old zoo — the world 's oldest — against previously threatened closure .

‘ Not only is this crucially important to women voters , but we need women there to ensure that women 's experiences and views are at the centre of our policy .
‘ not only is this crucially important to women voters , but we need women there to [make sure] that women 's experiences and views are at the centre of our policy .

Mrs McNee tries to ensure that that coincides with the children 's return from school .
mrs mcnee tries to [make sure] that that coincides with the children 's return from school .

‘ There will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to ensure secure conditions .
‘ there will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to [make sure] secure conditions .

‘ We must ensure that our children 's generation is not the first to do worse than their parents .
‘ we must [make sure] that our children 's generation is not the first to do worse than their parents .

‘ There will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to ensure secure conditions .
‘ there will be no relief operations until there is agreement by all parties to [make sure] secure conditions .

Gavyn Davies , from the investment house Goldman Sachs , thinks the Chancellor should put growth high on the agenda and take some short-term risks with inflation and the pound to ensure strong growth in 1994 .
gavyn davies , from the investment house goldman sachs , thinks the chancellor should put growth high on the agenda and take some short-term risks with inflation and the pound to [make sure] strong growth in 1994 .

Gavyn Davies , from the investment house Goldman Sachs , thinks the Chancellor should put growth high on the agenda and take some short-term risks with inflation and the pound to ensure strong growth in 1994 .
gavyn davies , from the investment house goldman sachs , thinks the chancellor should put growth high on the agenda and take some short-term risks with inflation and the pound to [make sure] strong growth in 1994 .

Scottish Enterprise , which is fighting to ensure that the 1,000-strong workforce at Digital 's Ayr plant does not lose out in the battle for jobs , also had senior officials in Boston yesterday for talks with the company , reiterating the case for the Ayrshire plant .
scottish enterprise , which is fighting to [make sure] that the 1,000-strong workforce at digital 's ayr plant does not lose out in the battle for jobs , also had senior officials in boston yesterday for talks with the company , reiterating the case for the ayrshire plant .

But he added : ‘ The best way to deal with young people is to ensure they never get to the stage where you are having to lock them up because that is an admission of failure .
but he added : ‘ the best way to deal with young people is to [make sure] they never get to the stage where you are having to lock them up because that is an admission of failure .

‘ The police said they could not guarantee the safety of our officers or ensure public order was maintained , ’ said a spokesman from the firm .
‘ the police said they could not guarantee the safety of our officers or [make sure] public order was maintained , ’ said a spokesman from the firm .

‘ Action must be taken by the government and regulatory authorities to ensure that this situation is addressed .
‘ action must be taken by the government and regulatory authorities to [make sure] that this situation is addressed .

The analysts also said that Shell might have to write off another £37 million , though the company claimed that efforts had been made to ensure the situation would not arise again .
the analysts also said that shell might have to write off another £37 million , though the company claimed that efforts had been made to [make sure] the situation would not arise again .

He said that last year £30,000 worth of produce had been lost in similar incidents and urged the Prime Minister to give an assurance that he would approach the French government to ensure that the culprits were brought to justice and that compensation was paid to all the British firms which had lost cash .
he said that last year £30,000 worth of produce had been lost in similar incidents and urged the prime minister to give an assurance that he would approach the french government to [make sure] that the culprits were brought to justice and that compensation was paid to all the british firms which had lost cash .

Mr Major is understood to be prepared to co-operate with a visit , but only under conditions which ensure diplomatic neutrality on the issue .
mr major is understood to be prepared to co-operate with a visit , but only under conditions which [make sure] diplomatic neutrality on the issue .

It most expressly includes the churches and it most expressly includes schools to ensure there is no truancy .
it most expressly includes the churches and it most expressly includes schools to [make sure] there is no truancy .

But despite the problems of trying to ensure the food goes to the right people and does not cause any injury , Mr Major believes that using parachute air drops to the most dangerous areas would have value .
but despite the problems of trying to [make sure] the food goes to the right people and does not cause any injury , mr major believes that using parachute air drops to the most dangerous areas would have value .

‘ The fact that we have all along tried to ensure that we could resolve these sensitive issues as soon as possible is n't a political tactic , ’ he said on a visit to the New Territories .
‘ the fact that we have all along tried to [make sure] that we could resolve these sensitive issues as soon as possible is n't a political tactic , ’ he said on a visit to the new territories .

The Government is hoping cross-party support will ensure a speedy passage for the law .
the government is hoping cross-party support will [make sure] a speedy passage for the law .

Mr Newton , choosing his words carefully , said the Government would ‘ certainly ensure the needs and interests of western Grampian and Argyll and Bute are taken fully into account at the same time as seeking to achieve the best outcome for the Highlands and Islands ’ .
mr newton , choosing his words carefully , said the government would ‘ certainly [make sure] the needs and interests of western grampian and argyll and bute are taken fully into account at the same time as seeking to achieve the best outcome for the highlands and islands ’ .

Lord Fraser contends that the reforms will ‘ ensure the continuation of reasonable access to legal aid for the most needy , while at the same time taking action to control the rate of growth in legal aid expenditure . ’
lord fraser contends that the reforms will ‘ [make sure] the continuation of reasonable access to legal aid for the most needy , while at the same time taking action to control the rate of growth in legal aid expenditure . ’

It 's no consolation to those involved in Monday 's canoeing tragedy , but British school trips have an impressive safety record and schools are keen to assure parents that they do everything in their power to ensure the wellbeing of pupils in their care .
it 's no consolation to those involved in monday 's canoeing tragedy , but british school trips have an impressive safety record and schools are keen to assure parents that they do everything in their power to [make sure] the wellbeing of pupils in their care .

Local authorities have a legal duty to ensure safety of pupils on trips .
local authorities have a legal duty to [make sure] safety of pupils on trips .

He said he was seeking a meeting with him ‘ to ensure there are no further misunderstandings ’ .
he said he was seeking a meeting with him ‘ to [make sure] there are no further misunderstandings ’ .

The need to ensure that water use by by people is not to the disadvantage of the natural beauty of the countryside or animal habitats .
the need to [make sure] that water use by by people is not to the disadvantage of the natural beauty of the countryside or animal habitats .

‘ We are constantly reviewing the situation to ensure numbers are kept under control . ’
‘ we are constantly reviewing the situation to [make sure] numbers are kept under control . ’

The claim came from the travel company Thomas Cook , which is battling to ensure its own link-up with Owners Abroad gets the go-ahead rather than the £220 million hostile bid from Airtours .
the claim came from the travel company thomas cook , which is battling to [make sure] its own link-up with owners abroad gets the go-ahead rather than the £220 million hostile bid from airtours .

‘ You have to ensure not only is the chairman of the client happy , but you have to pay just as much attention to helping the weekly newspaper journalist .
‘ you have to [make sure] not only is the chairman of the client happy , but you have to pay just as much attention to helping the weekly newspaper journalist .

Yet , embittered pigeons have a great tendency to come home to roost at a later date , wreaking merry havoc as they zoom in on perceived injustices and ensure that all and sundry realise the iniquities of their previous employer .
yet , embittered pigeons have a great tendency to come home to roost at a later date , wreaking merry havoc as they zoom in on perceived injustices and [make sure] that all and sundry realise the iniquities of their previous employer .

The challenge was to plan and implement a strategy which would help give them jobs , to ensure that potential employers were aware of this trained workforce and knew how to gain access to it .
the challenge was to plan and implement a strategy which would help give them jobs , to [make sure] that potential employers were aware of this trained workforce and knew how to gain access to it .

In each trial the defendants were accused of committing a vast range of crimes in order to ensure that Guinness was successful in its contested £2.6 billion bid for Distillers against James Gulliver 's Argyll Group .
in each trial the defendants were accused of committing a vast range of crimes in order to [make sure] that guinness was successful in its contested £2.6 billion bid for distillers against james gulliver 's argyll group .

Trading was light for most of the day but brisker buying may be resumed when the market opens today if dealers want to ensure they are not left short of supplies by the proposed cuts due to go into force on 1 March .
trading was light for most of the day but brisker buying may be resumed when the market opens today if dealers want to [make sure] they are not left short of supplies by the proposed cuts due to go into force on 1 march .

The Chancellor was quick to welcome the signs of recovery and repeat his view that he has cut interest rates far enough already to ensure a recovery .
the chancellor was quick to welcome the signs of recovery and repeat his view that he has cut interest rates far enough already to [make sure] a recovery .

But Sir Leon said that the plan would only be implemented if trading partners followed suit to ensure that the measure was ‘ fiscally neutral ’ for companies operating in Europe .
but sir leon said that the plan would only be implemented if trading partners followed suit to [make sure] that the measure was ‘ fiscally neutral ’ for companies operating in europe .

Labour costs per head are still 50 per cent above Scandinavian levels but are falling steadily and with work for the next two years all Govan now needs is a substantial new order before the middle of 1994 to ensure its future .
labour costs per head are still 50 per cent above scandinavian levels but are falling steadily and with work for the next two years all govan now needs is a substantial new order before the middle of 1994 to [make sure] its future .

The difference is enough to ensure success or failure in the vital Commons vote that must accompany the Government 's review .
the difference is enough to [make sure] success or failure in the vital commons vote that must accompany the government 's review .

If you are going this route is would help if you employed an accountant with some experience in operating computerised accounting systems and your own accountants would again give you lack of expertise in this area be better to get involved in the recruitment process to ensure that you end up with a suitable individual to run your system .
if you are going this route is would help if you employed an accountant with some experience in operating computerised accounting systems and your own accountants would again give you lack of expertise in this area be better to get involved in the recruitment process to [make sure] that you end up with a suitable individual to run your system .

‘ The present manager , Jim Jefferies , has had an excellent record since coming to Falkirk , and he deserves every support in his effort to ensure that we have Premier League football at Falkirk next year . ’
‘ the present manager , jim jefferies , has had an excellent record since coming to falkirk , and he deserves every support in his effort to [make sure] that we have premier league football at falkirk next year . ’

Mr Christie stressed that his appointment was of a temporary nature , saying that the agreement reached in the Court of Session last week had required a fifth ‘ independent ’ director to be appointed to ensure that all shareholding interests were properly represented .
mr christie stressed that his appointment was of a temporary nature , saying that the agreement reached in the court of session last week had required a fifth ‘ independent ’ director to be appointed to [make sure] that all shareholding interests were properly represented .

He recommends that the council review its staffing structure to ensure it provides adequate poolside cover .
he recommends that the council review its staffing structure to [make sure] it provides adequate poolside cover .

The home tries to ensure residents spend around 50 per cent of their day-times doing organised recreational activities .
the home tries to [make sure] residents spend around 50 per cent of their day-times doing organised recreational activities .

Mr Wood , who retires later this year , said : ‘ The society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well . ’
mr wood , who retires later this year , said : ‘ the society 's strong financial base will [make sure] that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well . ’

Mr Wood said of the figures : ‘ The society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well .
mr wood said of the figures : ‘ the society 's strong financial base will [make sure] that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well .

They also highlighted the creation of 44 car parking spaces for disabled people in Abbots Yard ; these will be patrolled vigorously to ensure no abuse from the able-bodied .
they also highlighted the creation of 44 car parking spaces for disabled people in abbots yard ; these will be patrolled vigorously to [make sure] no abuse from the able-bodied .

However , fund-raising would continue to ensure running costs for the machine were covered .
however , fund-raising would continue to [make sure] running costs for the machine were covered .

‘ We are keen to ensure that we do n't promise more than we can deliver .
‘ we are keen to [make sure] that we do n't promise more than we can deliver .

‘ There are a lot of young families and young children on the garrison and we have to ensure that we improve safety for them .
‘ there are a lot of young families and young children on the garrison and we have to [make sure] that we improve safety for them .

‘ It is absolutely crazy to have 9,000 tonnes of limestone a week going by road when the Government is offering grants to try to ensure that freight is carried by rail .
‘ it is absolutely crazy to have 9,000 tonnes of limestone a week going by road when the government is offering grants to try to [make sure] that freight is carried by rail .

It has shown its commitment to ensure that all children with special needs , including dyslexics , receive the help they need as early as possible .
it has shown its commitment to [make sure] that all children with special needs , including dyslexics , receive the help they need as early as possible .

Tory campaign managers know they must hold key marginals like Darlington , Stockton South and York to ensure a historic fourth successive victory .
tory campaign managers know they must hold key marginals like darlington , stockton south and york to [make sure] a historic fourth successive victory .

‘ We are being asked to ensure patients get certain benefits , but surely this is down to the Government , ’ said Mr Richardson .
‘ we are being asked to [make sure] patients get certain benefits , but surely this is down to the government , ’ said mr richardson .

‘ We are being asked to ensure patients get certain benefits , but surely this is down to the Government , ’ said Mr Richardson .
‘ we are being asked to [make sure] patients get certain benefits , but surely this is down to the government , ’ said mr richardson .

More jobs , better public services , law and order , Darlington 's forthcoming independence and leadership were the most important factors to ensure Darlington continued to prosper , he said .
more jobs , better public services , law and order , darlington 's forthcoming independence and leadership were the most important factors to [make sure] darlington continued to prosper , he said .

Speaking in Darlington last week he said : ‘ Elected police authorities will use the extra resources available for the war against crime to ensure that more police officers are visible on the beat , backed up by the modern technology which is essential to crime prevention and detection . ’
speaking in darlington last week he said : ‘ elected police authorities will use the extra resources available for the war against crime to [make sure] that more police officers are visible on the beat , backed up by the modern technology which is essential to crime prevention and detection . ’

Surely now just months before the Cornmill is due to open is the time to ensure the town 's assets such as easy town centre car parking are in good working order .
surely now just months before the cornmill is due to open is the time to [make sure] the town 's assets such as easy town centre car parking are in good working order .

He said his party 's policy was to ensure there was a nursery place for every three and four-year-old whose parent wanted it by 2000 .
he said his party 's policy was to [make sure] there was a nursery place for every three and four-year-old whose parent wanted it by 2000 .

Under a national agreement , ambulance services should ensure that at least 95pc of vehicles reach their destinations within 19 minutes .
under a national agreement , ambulance services should [make sure] that at least 95pc of vehicles reach their destinations within 19 minutes .

‘ Labour supports church schools and will ensure that St Bede 's and other overcrowded Catholic schools are given additional classroom space . ’
‘ labour supports church schools and will [make sure] that st bede 's and other overcrowded catholic schools are given additional classroom space . ’

The borough council 's new administration agreed 12 new objectives last summer designed to improve the quality of services and ensure they were in line with what residents wanted .
the borough council 's new administration agreed 12 new objectives last summer designed to improve the quality of services and [make sure] they were in line with what residents wanted .

‘ We are anxious to proceed with performance review it is vitally important that services provided by the council are subject to close scrutiny to ensure they are of sufficient quality and right for the customer . ’
‘ we are anxious to proceed with performance review it is vitally important that services provided by the council are subject to close scrutiny to [make sure] they are of sufficient quality and right for the customer . ’

We believe we have the policies in place to ensure we maintain that progress in the future .
we believe we have the policies in place to [make sure] we maintain that progress in the future .

As Schools Minister he said he wanted to ensure that children learnt about green issues in schools .
as schools minister he said he wanted to [make sure] that children learnt about green issues in schools .

Many Conservatives enter into schemes , as soon as their children are born , to provide for the cost of future private schooling . Why then do they think it is so bad for parents and only those who can afford it paying a little extra to ensure their children get a well-funded education ?
many conservatives enter into schemes , as soon as their children are born , to provide for the cost of future private schooling . why then do they think it is so bad for parents and only those who can afford it paying a little extra to [make sure] their children get a well-funded education ?

He vowed to monitor very closely the working of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 to ensure that :
he vowed to monitor very closely the working of the criminal justice act 1991 to [make sure] that :

He said it was obscene that PowerGen could cause anguish and anxiety in the families of 6,000 staff working for Trainload Freight and added : ‘ There will be a public outrage if the Government does not act to ensure that the traffic stays with the railways . ’
he said it was obscene that powergen could cause anguish and anxiety in the families of 6,000 staff working for trainload freight and added : ‘ there will be a public outrage if the government does not act to [make sure] that the traffic stays with the railways . ’

Ancient oil fields may ensure Azeri future The oil wealth of Azerbaijan has been a mixed blessing , reports James Meek in Baku , but there are hopes that will change
ancient oil fields may [make sure] azeri future the oil wealth of azerbaijan has been a mixed blessing , reports james meek in baku , but there are hopes that will change

Announcing the move in a Commons written reply , yesterday the Armed Forces Minister , Archie Hamilton , said : ‘ The organisation of army bands has been reviewed in order to ensure that the right numbers of bandsmen , providing music to the high standard expected , are employed in proportion to the army 's total size , and that the important contribution that bands make to the regimental system is retained . ’
announcing the move in a commons written reply , yesterday the armed forces minister , archie hamilton , said : ‘ the organisation of army bands has been reviewed in order to [make sure] that the right numbers of bandsmen , providing music to the high standard expected , are employed in proportion to the army 's total size , and that the important contribution that bands make to the regimental system is retained . ’

The new bands will be at a divisional level to ensure that a substantial link is maintained between an infantry or cavalry regiment and an allocated band .
the new bands will be at a divisional level to [make sure] that a substantial link is maintained between an infantry or cavalry regiment and an allocated band .

In it , Lord Fraser wrote that measures are being taken to ensure that health boards are developing and implementing well targeted , well planned and well evaluated health promotion programmes .
in it , lord fraser wrote that measures are being taken to [make sure] that health boards are developing and implementing well targeted , well planned and well evaluated health promotion programmes .

She said that a tree expert had been consulted and was coming back to the council with advice on the breadth of a ‘ stand-off ’ zone to ensure no damage to the beech roots .
she said that a tree expert had been consulted and was coming back to the council with advice on the breadth of a ‘ stand-off ’ zone to [make sure] no damage to the beech roots .

Claiming truancy has risen significantly and is linked to crime , he encouraged local authorities to prosecute parents who fail to ensure children are at school .
claiming truancy has risen significantly and is linked to crime , he encouraged local authorities to prosecute parents who fail to [make sure] children are at school .

Mr Lang said that the first priority of Scottish teachers should be to ensure their pupils were literate and numerate .
mr lang said that the first priority of scottish teachers should be to [make sure] their pupils were literate and numerate .

Opposition leaders urged that any loopholes in British-Irish extradition laws should be closed to ensure the Warrington bombers could not find a refuge in Ireland .
opposition leaders urged that any loopholes in british-irish extradition laws should be closed to [make sure] the warrington bombers could not find a refuge in ireland .

Afterwards , Mr Sheridan said that if he had been banned from the picket line , he would ensure that at least 50 to 100 supporters would take his place .
afterwards , mr sheridan said that if he had been banned from the picket line , he would [make sure] that at least 50 to 100 supporters would take his place .

He has called on the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , to ensure that the Scottish Office or the Department of Trade and Industry urgently investigates the condition of the Scottish manufacturing base .
he has called on the scottish secretary , ian lang , to [make sure] that the scottish office or the department of trade and industry urgently investigates the condition of the scottish manufacturing base .

The move , pending a full disciplinary hearing , follows Mr Murphy 's claims to The Scotsman earlier this month that he has evidence to support claims that there have been cases of patronage to ensure that certain jobs in the local authority went to Labour Party members .
the move , pending a full disciplinary hearing , follows mr murphy 's claims to the scotsman earlier this month that he has evidence to support claims that there have been cases of patronage to [make sure] that certain jobs in the local authority went to labour party members .

Speculation over the future of the European monetary system continues and there are still enough problems to ensure that the system remains basically unstable , at least until mid-year .
speculation over the future of the european monetary system continues and there are still enough problems to [make sure] that the system remains basically unstable , at least until mid-year .

Mr Evans said that the redundancies were regretted but believed that the measures taken would ensure a leaner , fitter company better positioned to take advantage of the recovery when it came .
mr evans said that the redundancies were regretted but believed that the measures taken would [make sure] a leaner , fitter company better positioned to take advantage of the recovery when it came .

Airtours ' chairman , David Crossland , blamed his defeat on what he called ‘ the spoiling action ’ of the eleventh-hour intervention by Thomas Cook , the German-controlled travel agency , which on Monday snapped up 8.4 per cent of Owners to try to ensure it remained independent .
airtours ' chairman , david crossland , blamed his defeat on what he called ‘ the spoiling action ’ of the eleventh-hour intervention by thomas cook , the german-controlled travel agency , which on monday snapped up 8.4 per cent of owners to try to [make sure] it remained independent .

As a result of the Budget , basic rate taxpayers must be very careful to ensure that they select PEPs with the most favourable charging structures .
as a result of the budget , basic rate taxpayers must be very careful to [make sure] that they select peps with the most favourable charging structures .

One way out of those extremes — and all points in between — is to ensure an annual assessment of objectives , particularly at this time in the year with the Budget just past .
one way out of those extremes — and all points in between — is to [make sure] an annual assessment of objectives , particularly at this time in the year with the budget just past .

It 's why Heggie Group has invested heavily to ensure it stays an approved repairer .
it 's why heggie group has invested heavily to [make sure] it stays an approved repairer .

His money problems have hit the headlines with almost metronomic regularity as one institution after another issued writs to try to ensure payment of unpaid bills .
his money problems have hit the headlines with almost metronomic regularity as one institution after another issued writs to try to [make sure] payment of unpaid bills .

Devlin scored the second after a number of scrums , free kicks and penalties all close to the line , and in injury time John Paul Speirs touched down to ensure victory .
devlin scored the second after a number of scrums , free kicks and penalties all close to the line , and in injury time john paul speirs touched down to [make sure] victory .

He made two outstanding saves from Neil Duffy headers to ensure that Airdrie prevailed .
he made two outstanding saves from neil duffy headers to [make sure] that airdrie prevailed .

She made a plea to councillors representing the area to stick by their voters and ensure buses continue to serve the estate .
she made a plea to councillors representing the area to stick by their voters and [make sure] buses continue to serve the estate .

But , she said , if Dew members wished to they could present it back to her and she would ensure it went through the proper channels for presentation to the borough council .
but , she said , if dew members wished to they could present it back to her and she would [make sure] it went through the proper channels for presentation to the borough council .

Labour planned to ensure a nursery place was available for every three and four-year-old whose parents wanted it .
labour planned to [make sure] a nursery place was available for every three and four-year-old whose parents wanted it .

The move will also aid course learning programme design to ensure keeping pace with comparable courses at other colleges in Europe .
the move will also aid course learning programme design to [make sure] keeping pace with comparable courses at other colleges in europe .

The project aims to help college administrators and planners identify changes and if necessary redesign learning programmes to ensure they keep pace with comparable courses at other colleges in Europe .
the project aims to help college administrators and planners identify changes and if necessary redesign learning programmes to [make sure] they keep pace with comparable courses at other colleges in europe .

Mr Peter Stewart , unit general manager at the Memorial Hospital , said the district health authority would raise additional money to ensure full in-patient services from day one .
mr peter stewart , unit general manager at the memorial hospital , said the district health authority would raise additional money to [make sure] full in-patient services from day one .

Failure to ensure dogs wear a collar and some form of identification in public places will be an offence and the legislation also requires those who find a stray dog to report it to the authorities .
failure to [make sure] dogs wear a collar and some form of identification in public places will be an offence and the legislation also requires those who find a stray dog to report it to the authorities .

Experts are urging everyone to give up salt for the day and thereafter cut down on salt to ensure a healthier heart .
experts are urging everyone to give up salt for the day and thereafter cut down on salt to [make sure] a healthier heart .

We shall go on upgrading the region 's rail and road links to ensure faster , more efficient access to the European markets .
we shall go on upgrading the region 's rail and road links to [make sure] faster , more efficient access to the european markets .

We shall go on expanding higher and further education to ensure more of our young people go on to college as naturally as they once went down the pit or onto the shop floor .
we shall go on expanding higher and further education to [make sure] more of our young people go on to college as naturally as they once went down the pit or onto the shop floor .

If that does not happen we ensure the continuation of the social and physical ills so prevalent in society today .
if that does not happen we [make sure] the continuation of the social and physical ills so prevalent in society today .

‘ The way we sex a grape , or vineyard , in New Zealand , ’ he began , ‘ to ensure that there is the right amount of grape exposed to the sunlight , is to ask a friend to stand on the other side of the vine .
‘ the way we sex a grape , or vineyard , in new zealand , ’ he began , ‘ to [make sure] that there is the right amount of grape exposed to the sunlight , is to ask a friend to stand on the other side of the vine .

Dave Bassett 's team had to resist a late siege to ensure a place in the quarter-finals .
dave bassett 's team had to resist a late siege to [make sure] a place in the quarter-finals .

The ecological monitoring group is a useful initiative to ensure that the environmental impacts of the spill would be assessed .
the ecological monitoring group is a useful initiative to [make sure] that the environmental impacts of the spill would be assessed .

Doughty was found to be in breach of the rule which requires a rider to take all reasonable measures to ensure that his mount achieves the best possible placing .
doughty was found to be in breach of the rule which requires a rider to take all reasonable measures to [make sure] that his mount achieves the best possible placing .

Partly for his own protection , their coach , Alan Davies , has striven hard to ensure that the heroic , but precarious victory over England was kept in perspective .
partly for his own protection , their coach , alan davies , has striven hard to [make sure] that the heroic , but precarious victory over england was kept in perspective .

In it , he describes numerous man-made intrusions into the natural environment which have had disastrous side-effects , making the point that the connections within natural systems are often so complex , and the effects of changes so unpredictable , that it is wise to ensure the good imitative ‘ fit ’ of any intervention .
in it , he describes numerous man-made intrusions into the natural environment which have had disastrous side-effects , making the point that the connections within natural systems are often so complex , and the effects of changes so unpredictable , that it is wise to [make sure] the good imitative ‘ fit ’ of any intervention .

Michael Noonan , finance spokesman for the Irish opposition party , Fine Gael , and other politicians claim that a £400 million deal has been struck between Digital and Scottish Enterprise and the Scottish Office to ensure that the company invests in its manufacturing plant at Ayr .
michael noonan , finance spokesman for the irish opposition party , fine gael , and other politicians claim that a £400 million deal has been struck between digital and scottish enterprise and the scottish office to [make sure] that the company invests in its manufacturing plant at ayr .

Transfer of such commitment to trees and woodlands would be necessary to ensure the successful promotion of the community forest .
transfer of such commitment to trees and woodlands would be necessary to [make sure] the successful promotion of the community forest .

Suggestions of obligating the unemployed to work for their benefits are quite in keeping for a Government which has done virtually everything else it can to ensure that millions of Britons will work for derisory incomes .
suggestions of obligating the unemployed to work for their benefits are quite in keeping for a government which has done virtually everything else it can to [make sure] that millions of britons will work for derisory incomes .

New York 's mayor has travelled to Tokyo to ensure that Japan 's cash-conscious companies do n't abandon the city that never sleeps .
new york 's mayor has travelled to tokyo to [make sure] that japan 's cash-conscious companies do n't abandon the city that never sleeps .

‘ There is no shortage of back-up and if there is a talented athlete , a lot of resources will be poured in to ensure that his or her potential is reached .
‘ there is no shortage of back-up and if there is a talented athlete , a lot of resources will be poured in to [make sure] that his or her potential is reached .

But worries over its future have been allayed after Darlington college stepped in to subsidise the cost of employing a full time teacher at the unit to ensure it can continue its daytime classes .
but worries over its future have been allayed after darlington college stepped in to subsidise the cost of employing a full time teacher at the unit to [make sure] it can continue its daytime classes .

We helped to ensure that cricket will continue by assisting both Tudhoe and Spennymoor clubs and also that league football survives by helping to bring the Brewery Field up to standard .
we helped to [make sure] that cricket will continue by assisting both tudhoe and spennymoor clubs and also that league football survives by helping to bring the brewery field up to standard .

We also , along with the Spennymoor Round Table , ensure that an impressive bonfire and fireworks display is held .
we also , along with the spennymoor round table , [make sure] that an impressive bonfire and fireworks display is held .

We helped to ensure that cricket will continue by assisting both Tudhoe and Spennymoor clubs and also that league football survives by helping to bring the Brewery Field up to standard .
we helped to [make sure] that cricket will continue by assisting both tudhoe and spennymoor clubs and also that league football survives by helping to bring the brewery field up to standard .

We also , along with the Spennymoor Round Table , ensure that an impressive bonfire and fireworks display is held .
we also , along with the spennymoor round table , [make sure] that an impressive bonfire and fireworks display is held .

They have already appointed a gates superintendent who will liaise with the show manager this year to ensure no one slips in without paying .
they have already appointed a gates superintendent who will liaise with the show manager this year to [make sure] no one slips in without paying .

They have already appointed a gates ' superintendent for this year to ensure no one slips through the entrances without paying .
they have already appointed a gates ' superintendent for this year to [make sure] no one slips through the entrances without paying .

What will ensure that we are eating enough dietary fibre ?
what will [make sure] that we are eating enough dietary fibre ?

It allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .
it allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to [make sure] in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .

The improvements ensure there will be a major venue for pop concerts while the Edinburgh Playhouse is out of commission this summer for refurbishment , and for the rest of the year when Les Miserables will be in residence .
the improvements [make sure] there will be a major venue for pop concerts while the edinburgh playhouse is out of commission this summer for refurbishment , and for the rest of the year when les miserables will be in residence .

However , officers from Halton Borough Council will be on hand to ensure the event goes off with minimum disturbance to residents living around Naughton Park .
however , officers from halton borough council will be on hand to [make sure] the event goes off with minimum disturbance to residents living around naughton park .

Mr Beesley said : ‘ We shall be asking the Government to ensure that BAe supplies the necessary information to the buy-out team to enable a formal offer to be made . ’
mr beesley said : ‘ we shall be asking the government to [make sure] that bae supplies the necessary information to the buy-out team to enable a formal offer to be made . ’

The Northern Ireland Public Service Alliance has called on the government to remove identifying numbers from voting forms to ensure that voters can not be traced .
the northern ireland public service alliance has called on the government to remove identifying numbers from voting forms to [make sure] that voters can not be traced .

Mr McCusker said his union wanted identifying numbers removed from voting papers to ensure the anonymity of each voter .
mr mccusker said his union wanted identifying numbers removed from voting papers to [make sure] the anonymity of each voter .

The food must be properly cooked to ensure the diners do n't go down with food poisoning .
the food must be properly cooked to [make sure] the diners do n't go down with food poisoning .

This allows for longer cooking to ensure it is cooked right through .
this allows for longer cooking to [make sure] it is cooked right through .

But ministers want to tighten the rules to ensure only people unable to perform any sort of work would qualify for payment .
but ministers want to tighten the rules to [make sure] only people unable to perform any sort of work would qualify for payment .

Mr Beesley said : ‘ We shall be asking the Government to ensure that BAe supplies the necessary information to the buy-out team to enable a formal offer to be made . ’
mr beesley said : ‘ we shall be asking the government to [make sure] that bae supplies the necessary information to the buy-out team to enable a formal offer to be made . ’

Nevertheless , Field Marshal Montgomery clinched to top prize to ensure that their name will go down in piping history as the only band to finish a season victorious in every contest .
nevertheless , field marshal montgomery clinched to top prize to [make sure] that their name will go down in piping history as the only band to finish a season victorious in every contest .

The Irish road racing season is finally wrapped up at Killalane , Co Dublin tomorrow and the appearance of Phillip McCallen should ensure a record crowd .
the irish road racing season is finally wrapped up at killalane , co dublin tomorrow and the appearance of phillip mccallen should [make sure] a record crowd .

‘ The women are occupying the cabin indefinitely to ensure that the plight of the pit remains in the public domain , ’ said a spokeswoman late last night .
‘ the women are occupying the cabin indefinitely to [make sure] that the plight of the pit remains in the public domain , ’ said a spokeswoman late last night .

‘ The funding of the difference will need to be carefully considered to ensure the best long-term advantage . ’
‘ the funding of the difference will need to be carefully considered to [make sure] the best long-term advantage . ’

‘ Our concern must be to ensure that the Northern Ireland consumer has strong protection in this greater European market , including clear guidelines about systems of redress . ’
‘ our concern must be to [make sure] that the northern ireland consumer has strong protection in this greater european market , including clear guidelines about systems of redress . ’

The Law Centres Federation today called for proper funding to ensure everyone had access to high-quality free legal advice through its centres .
the law centres federation today called for proper funding to [make sure] everyone had access to high-quality free legal advice through its centres .

Peter Lynch , chairman of Castleblayney District Council , called for a revision in the law revised to ensure ‘ adequate penalties for killers on Ireland 's roads . ’
peter lynch , chairman of castleblayney district council , called for a revision in the law revised to [make sure] ‘ adequate penalties for killers on ireland 's roads . ’

Labour will ensure Britain plays an active role in Europe .
labour will [make sure] britain plays an active role in europe .

We also want to ensure that we get more from the resources we invest .
we also want to [make sure] that we get more from the resources we invest .

The right of all to improved access to training , including policies designed to ensure equal opportunities .
the right of all to improved access to training , including policies designed to [make sure] equal opportunities .

The prize for the winner , was to share her next dinner , and ensure that she had a good time .
the prize for the winner , was to share her next dinner , and [make sure] that she had a good time .

We must try to ensure that present and future generations of Stirling students are able favourably and frequently to reminisce about their days [ and nights ! ] on campus , for many years to come … much to the annoyance of their own children .
we must try to [make sure] that present and future generations of stirling students are able favourably and frequently to reminisce about their days [ and nights ! ] on campus , for many years to come … much to the annoyance of their own children .

The Sports Council have requested our support to lobby MPs to ensure more funds for sport .
the sports council have requested our support to lobby mps to [make sure] more funds for sport .

The current legislation is designed to ensure value for money in local provision , but there must be a balance between quality of service and the cost .
the current legislation is designed to [make sure] value for money in local provision , but there must be a balance between quality of service and the cost .

This ensure that there is something going on the whole time for both the spectator and the participator .
this [make sure] that there is something going on the whole time for both the spectator and the participator .

Wrong degrees of tension and slackness can interfere with this harmony and we try through the pressure wave of the breathing to ensure that all parts are equally refreshed , invigorated and strengthened .
wrong degrees of tension and slackness can interfere with this harmony and we try through the pressure wave of the breathing to [make sure] that all parts are equally refreshed , invigorated and strengthened .

b ) You can true up the work in the chuck and ensure that it runs true .
b ) you can true up the work in the chuck and [make sure] that it runs true .

Acts , life improved & inspectors were appointed to ensure that the laws were adhered to .
acts , life improved & inspectors were appointed to [make sure] that the laws were adhered to .

As we left our cosy room in the Youth Hostel , we glanced quickly around to ensure we had not left any of our belongings behind .
as we left our cosy room in the youth hostel , we glanced quickly around to [make sure] we had not left any of our belongings behind .

‘ That may be true , but it has vigour enough to ensure that he shall not be hanged out of hand .
‘ that may be true , but it has vigour enough to [make sure] that he shall not be hanged out of hand .

Iorwerth had three bowmen with him in the rear , to ensure that once the party entered the wood they should not turn and leave it again .
iorwerth had three bowmen with him in the rear , to [make sure] that once the party entered the wood they should not turn and leave it again .

It is vital when comparing two sets of published figures to ensure that basic definitions and methods of collection and analysis are consistent . Even the term ‘ population ’ requires qualification :
it is vital when comparing two sets of published figures to [make sure] that basic definitions and methods of collection and analysis are consistent . even the term ‘ population ’ requires qualification :

It takes some years for the populace to realize that couples need not conceive so many children merely to ensure the survival of two or three .
it takes some years for the populace to realize that couples need not conceive so many children merely to [make sure] the survival of two or three .

The quality of even the latest software is not above reproach and much remains to be done to ensure that the computer is the servant rather than the master of its users .
the quality of even the latest software is not above reproach and much remains to be done to [make sure] that the computer is the servant rather than the master of its users .

Even if a large cash shortage in the money market is anticipated for the following week , as is usually so , Treasury bills will still be announced to be on offer for that week in order to ensure the preservation of a market in the bills .
even if a large cash shortage in the money market is anticipated for the following week , as is usually so , treasury bills will still be announced to be on offer for that week in order to [make sure] the preservation of a market in the bills .

The process of arbitrage would ensure that it occurs although in reality market participants would alter rates immediately , so that arbitrage opportunities did not occur .
the process of arbitrage would [make sure] that it occurs although in reality market participants would alter rates immediately , so that arbitrage opportunities did not occur .

In the example given , if prices were to fall in the discount market , and the yield rise , then the process of arbitrage would ensure new rates in the parallel market , should market participants not immediately adjust prices ( which in fact they will ) .
in the example given , if prices were to fall in the discount market , and the yield rise , then the process of arbitrage would [make sure] new rates in the parallel market , should market participants not immediately adjust prices ( which in fact they will ) .

In both instances lenders and borrowers activity will tend to ensure that their expectations become fulfilled .
in both instances lenders and borrowers activity will tend to [make sure] that their expectations become fulfilled .

Indeed the process of arbitrage between the two markets tends to ensure that this is the case .
indeed the process of arbitrage between the two markets tends to [make sure] that this is the case .

The responsibility of the issuing house ( usually one of the main merchant banks , a member of the Accepting Houses Association ) is to ensure all the funds are raised , and as cheaply and efficiently as possible , with a minimum degree of risk to the company .
the responsibility of the issuing house ( usually one of the main merchant banks , a member of the accepting houses association ) is to [make sure] all the funds are raised , and as cheaply and efficiently as possible , with a minimum degree of risk to the company .

One aim of securities market regulation is to ensure that operations in the markets are conducted under transparent rules relating to information on fees , commissions and prices .
one aim of securities market regulation is to [make sure] that operations in the markets are conducted under transparent rules relating to information on fees , commissions and prices .

Care needs to be taken to ensure that regulation does not impair the efficiency of the financial system .
care needs to be taken to [make sure] that regulation does not impair the efficiency of the financial system .

Rules governing investor protection seek to ensure that the investing public is not subjected to fraudulent or manipulative practices and , moreover , that they are given sound advice by competent professionals .
rules governing investor protection seek to [make sure] that the investing public is not subjected to fraudulent or manipulative practices and , moreover , that they are given sound advice by competent professionals .

To ensure this , minimum standards of competence are set , proper records have to be kept , limits to risk exposure , disclosure rules , and a disciplinary system .
to [make sure] this , minimum standards of competence are set , proper records have to be kept , limits to risk exposure , disclosure rules , and a disciplinary system .

Thus , the very nature of the demands made upon the state by the capitalist system leads to a form of the state that can not necessarily ensure that capitalist interests are furthered .
thus , the very nature of the demands made upon the state by the capitalist system leads to a form of the state that can not necessarily [make sure] that capitalist interests are furthered .

Merely giving management its ‘ marching orders ’ proved insufficient to ensure that the principal economic function of producing goods and services was carried out efficiently and without becoming an additional strain on state finances .
merely giving management its ‘ marching orders ’ proved insufficient to [make sure] that the principal economic function of producing goods and services was carried out efficiently and without becoming an additional strain on state finances .

If this is true , it would further increase the problems of control in countries such as Britain where the form of the public corporation relied on the notion of the ‘ professional ideal ’ of self-regulation , trust and responsibility to ensure that the ‘ national interest ’ was furthered ( Burrage 1973 ) .
if this is true , it would further increase the problems of control in countries such as britain where the form of the public corporation relied on the notion of the ‘ professional ideal ’ of self-regulation , trust and responsibility to [make sure] that the ‘ national interest ’ was furthered ( burrage 1973 ) .

In the case of a totally sealed labour market , new employees would only be drawn from the families of existing staff , and efforts would be made to ensure that individuals did not seek places outside the firm .
in the case of a totally sealed labour market , new employees would only be drawn from the families of existing staff , and efforts would be made to [make sure] that individuals did not seek places outside the firm .

This helps to ensure the smooth working of the machinery by settling issues informally and clearly establishing areas of agreement and disagreement .
this helps to [make sure] the smooth working of the machinery by settling issues informally and clearly establishing areas of agreement and disagreement .

Both management and unions tend to keep a tight grip on local activity to ensure that it keeps to national agreements and to avoid the embarrassment and disruption of uncontrolled local initiatives .
both management and unions tend to keep a tight grip on local activity to [make sure] that it keeps to national agreements and to avoid the embarrassment and disruption of uncontrolled local initiatives .

By the end of the period , however , the tighter labour market forced product wages to rise as fast as productivity to ensure sufficient scrapping to provide labour to operate newly installed equipment .
by the end of the period , however , the tighter labour market forced product wages to rise as fast as productivity to [make sure] sufficient scrapping to provide labour to operate newly installed equipment .

The necessary analytic underpinning for the consensus was the belief that the state could manipulate the economy to achieve these goals , most importantly that it could always change spending to ensure full employment .
the necessary analytic underpinning for the consensus was the belief that the state could manipulate the economy to achieve these goals , most importantly that it could always change spending to [make sure] full employment .

Each platoon had placed two men on guard duty , with orders to change them every two hours , to ensure that no one went without rest .
each platoon had placed two men on guard duty , with orders to change them every two hours , to [make sure] that no one went without rest .

When trade unions held enormous power they tried to ensure their members were paid most hardly a recommendation for the ‘ brotherhood of man ’ movement .
when trade unions held enormous power they tried to [make sure] their members were paid most hardly a recommendation for the ‘ brotherhood of man ’ movement .

Mrs Darwin , an economic development chief , added : ‘ The new developments and facilities will encourage new business and one of our tasks is to ensure that local people get the new jobs .
mrs darwin , an economic development chief , added : ‘ the new developments and facilities will encourage new business and one of our tasks is to [make sure] that local people get the new jobs .

‘ They hope that the inquiry to be carried out by South Birmingham Health Authority will be a full inquiry and will ensure that errors such as they have experienced will not occur again .
‘ they hope that the inquiry to be carried out by south birmingham health authority will be a full inquiry and will [make sure] that errors such as they have experienced will not occur again .

The new arrangements were supposed to ensure that true fans got a fair chance , but a Sunderland Supporters Association spokeswoman said yesterday that was not the case .
the new arrangements were supposed to [make sure] that true fans got a fair chance , but a sunderland supporters association spokeswoman said yesterday that was not the case .

Now the county 's trading standards department is planning to ensure that traders have no excuse for breaking the law .
now the county 's trading standards department is planning to [make sure] that traders have no excuse for breaking the law .

Bill Murray , chief executive of South Tees Acute Hospitals , said the unit was ‘ delighted ’ to be able to ensure the scheme 's survival .
bill murray , chief executive of south tees acute hospitals , said the unit was ‘ delighted ’ to be able to [make sure] the scheme 's survival .

Work will include new wall cladding , windows and paving to ensure the building looks attractive and is in keeping with the ‘ new-look ’ planned approach to the bridge .
work will include new wall cladding , windows and paving to [make sure] the building looks attractive and is in keeping with the ‘ new-look ’ planned approach to the bridge .

Wear Valley Council Liberal leader Chris Foote Wood said they would be making representations to ensure the council survives as a local authority and warned against amalgamation with neighbouring Sedgefield District Council .
wear valley council liberal leader chris foote wood said they would be making representations to [make sure] the council survives as a local authority and warned against amalgamation with neighbouring sedgefield district council .

One of the items available from the display was a simple measure to ensure that all spirits drunk at home are singles .
one of the items available from the display was a simple measure to [make sure] that all spirits drunk at home are singles .

‘ We are determined to become a major force in private sector infrastructure rail developments and have the requisite expertise and experience to ensure that we shall succeed in this objective . ’
‘ we are determined to become a major force in private sector infrastructure rail developments and have the requisite expertise and experience to [make sure] that we shall succeed in this objective . ’

The College believes a public hearing is necessary to ensure the full facts surrounding the tragedy are uncovered .
the college believes a public hearing is necessary to [make sure] the full facts surrounding the tragedy are uncovered .

All eyes will be on Aintree next year , and all those involved with the course must ensure that Aintree is ready .
all eyes will be on aintree next year , and all those involved with the course must [make sure] that aintree is ready .

And , after two weeks that would have cracked a lesser man , Taylor proved he still has what it takes to ensure that England can qualify to be one of the outside contenders .
and , after two weeks that would have cracked a lesser man , taylor proved he still has what it takes to [make sure] that england can qualify to be one of the outside contenders .

They in turn work closely with local authorities and other organisations to ensure maximum impact .
they in turn work closely with local authorities and other organisations to [make sure] maximum impact .

But Pubmaster quickly took over the lease on the Greenside to ensure an early re-opening .
but pubmaster quickly took over the lease on the greenside to [make sure] an early re-opening .

‘ But in Middlesbrough we are determined to ensure that the minimum number of houses are left empty for the minimum amount of time .
‘ but in middlesbrough we are determined to [make sure] that the minimum number of houses are left empty for the minimum amount of time .

Mr Jones claimed the crosses were necessary for his mercy missions to Romania , to ensure vital supplies got through .
mr jones claimed the crosses were necessary for his mercy missions to romania , to [make sure] vital supplies got through .

The Streetlink cash will be used to employ a youth worker , who will strive to ensure young people do not become either the victims or the perpetrators of crime .
the streetlink cash will be used to employ a youth worker , who will strive to [make sure] young people do not become either the victims or the perpetrators of crime .

‘ To ensure discoloured water is kept to a minimum , North Ormesby has been placed on a regular flushing programme . ’
‘ to [make sure] discoloured water is kept to a minimum , north ormesby has been placed on a regular flushing programme . ’

The company was also legally bound to promote competition in the industry and ensure electricity supplies met standards of supply and quality .
the company was also legally bound to promote competition in the industry and [make sure] electricity supplies met standards of supply and quality .

Upgrading the existing cable by means of a new 400,000-volt cable was the only way to ensure sufficient carrying capacity for supplies from the new Teesside Power station under construction at Wilton , those at Hartlepool and Blythe and exports from Scotland .
upgrading the existing cable by means of a new 400,000-volt cable was the only way to [make sure] sufficient carrying capacity for supplies from the new teesside power station under construction at wilton , those at hartlepool and blythe and exports from scotland .

Mr Noble said the scheme was currently being subjected to appraisal by the Department of the Environment to ensure that expenditure on the project represented good value for money .
mr noble said the scheme was currently being subjected to appraisal by the department of the environment to [make sure] that expenditure on the project represented good value for money .

And the programme from the festival of comedy and its associated events is out to ensure audiences keep up the spirit day and night .
and the programme from the festival of comedy and its associated events is out to [make sure] audiences keep up the spirit day and night .

With a shortage of money , Mr Eyton-Jones 's department had been trying to ensure there was no serious disruption to buildings , closure or breaches of the law .
with a shortage of money , mr eyton-jones 's department had been trying to [make sure] there was no serious disruption to buildings , closure or breaches of the law .

But John Bell , director of leisure services , added : ‘ We are gravely concerned about the incident and have taken steps to ensure that , by additional training and regular monitoring , the safety of schoolchildren at the pools , and swimmers generally , will continue to be of the highest priority . ’
but john bell , director of leisure services , added : ‘ we are gravely concerned about the incident and have taken steps to [make sure] that , by additional training and regular monitoring , the safety of schoolchildren at the pools , and swimmers generally , will continue to be of the highest priority . ’

So how will the new recruit ensure the company returns to its 1990 levels of health ?
so how will the new recruit [make sure] the company returns to its 1990 levels of health ?

Richmond said the unique offer would ensure fans get value for money : ‘ Scarborough folk are a bit canny and its up to us to give value for money .
richmond said the unique offer would [make sure] fans get value for money : ‘ scarborough folk are a bit canny and its up to us to give value for money .

It 's a chance to learn the skills of the game with qualified Rugby Union coaches to lead sessions and ensure everyone 's safety and enjoyment .
it 's a chance to learn the skills of the game with qualified rugby union coaches to lead sessions and [make sure] everyone 's safety and enjoyment .

Crosby feels that two more victories will ensure safety but he stresses that his players must continue to battle .
crosby feels that two more victories will [make sure] safety but he stresses that his players must continue to battle .

Peter Shilton battles to ensure Plymouth 's Second Division survival at the expense of the play-off ambitions of Kenny Dalglish 's £5 million Blackburn side at Home Park .
peter shilton battles to [make sure] plymouth 's second division survival at the expense of the play-off ambitions of kenny dalglish 's £5 million blackburn side at home park .

The system has undergone exhaustive testing to ensure it can cope with changes in same persons voice :
the system has undergone exhaustive testing to [make sure] it can cope with changes in same persons voice :

Around a hundred officers were on duty to ensure the match was trouble free .
around a hundred officers were on duty to [make sure] the match was trouble free .

So breeding in captivity is vital to ensure the species survival .
so breeding in captivity is vital to [make sure] the species survival .

The guidelines include recommendations on how to ensure the tropical birds are well cared for in a temperate climate , that they have a proper diet , and are protected from illness and injury .
the guidelines include recommendations on how to [make sure] the tropical birds are well cared for in a temperate climate , that they have a proper diet , and are protected from illness and injury .

They ca n't ensure it wo n't happen again .
they ca n't [make sure] it wo n't happen again .

Now the Stroud based Meningitis Trust is pushing a special awareness week to ensure doctors and patients alike are better informed .
now the stroud based meningitis trust is pushing a special awareness week to [make sure] doctors and patients alike are better informed .

This machine is a tensile strength tester , to ensure the stamp peels off the stamp book , but stays on the letter .
this machine is a tensile strength tester , to [make sure] the stamp peels off the stamp book , but stays on the letter .

The bays should ensure other motorists visiting the street will avoid the most convenient parking space for a disabled resident .
the bays should [make sure] other motorists visiting the street will avoid the most convenient parking space for a disabled resident .

But good planning and advance preparation are the best way to ensure the move is as efficient and trouble-free as possible .
but good planning and advance preparation are the best way to [make sure] the move is as efficient and trouble-free as possible .

The Review Committee was established in June 1993 , by the Department of Health , as part of the government 's drive to improve public services and ensure there are clear procedures for making complaints .
the review committee was established in june 1993 , by the department of health , as part of the government 's drive to improve public services and [make sure] there are clear procedures for making complaints .

’ But Mr Given said staff could no longer ensure users received the best service possible .
’ but mr given said staff could no longer [make sure] users received the best service possible .

This season is an important one for the women 's game , and accordingly the league programme starts a fortnight early to ensure an early finish and accommodate senior coach Terry Gregg 's plans .
this season is an important one for the women 's game , and accordingly the league programme starts a fortnight early to [make sure] an early finish and accommodate senior coach terry gregg 's plans .

They lobbied councillors to ensure Akers Way would never witness another accident … they achieved many of the safety changes they 'd called for .
they lobbied councillors to [make sure] akers way would never witness another accident … they achieved many of the safety changes they 'd called for .

In Orlando police say every step is taken to ensure visitors are not subjected to violent attacks …
in orlando police say every step is taken to [make sure] visitors are not subjected to violent attacks …

But officials refused to hand over the dog until they vetted Mia in person to ensure she was suitable to have custody of the dog .
but officials refused to hand over the dog until they vetted mia in person to [make sure] she was suitable to have custody of the dog .

The new management team say they 're determined to ensure the theatre survives and pays its way by attracting a wider audience :
the new management team say they 're determined to [make sure] the theatre survives and pays its way by attracting a wider audience :

He says we 've actually made it clear on our planning application that we 're prepared to look very carefully at the mix and size and type of housing to ensure it fits what local people need in the area .
he says we 've actually made it clear on our planning application that we 're prepared to look very carefully at the mix and size and type of housing to [make sure] it fits what local people need in the area .

The authority is to highlight the names of surgeons and hospitals and their waiting lists in the Express and Star , Wolverhampton , on Thursday , as part of an overall strategy to ensure the public gets speedy treatment .
the authority is to highlight the names of surgeons and hospitals and their waiting lists in the express and star , wolverhampton , on thursday , as part of an overall strategy to [make sure] the public gets speedy treatment .

Of course , it is vital to ensure the car service is only used for patients who are suitable .
of course , it is vital to [make sure] the car service is only used for patients who are suitable .

Big business interests have been quietly buying up Latvia match tickets to ensure seats for their clients at the Republic game .
big business interests have been quietly buying up latvia match tickets to [make sure] seats for their clients at the republic game .

Some join the Sealed Knot to ensure that history is not forgotten … others because they enjoy a good bundle .
some join the sealed knot to [make sure] that history is not forgotten … others because they enjoy a good bundle .

With such a major flood , we must ensure the defences prevent people suffering .
with such a major flood , we must [make sure] the defences prevent people suffering .

They wanted to try to ensure that that area was n't flooded by high tides and so forth .
they wanted to try to [make sure] that that area was n't flooded by high tides and so forth .

And what will you be doing to ensure that the money does n't stay in Paris ?
and what will you be doing to [make sure] that the money does n't stay in paris ?

But the problem still exists and Sylvia 's carer , Barbara Waddington says she believes with so few trains apparently unable to fit the wheelchair on to the train , British Rail ought to ensure that Sylvia can travel in more comfort .
but the problem still exists and sylvia 's carer , barbara waddington says she believes with so few trains apparently unable to fit the wheelchair on to the train , british rail ought to [make sure] that sylvia can travel in more comfort .

We realise that there are many problems caused by people who are n't able to park er in a restricted area er and we need to ensure that people are able to do that satisfactorily and safely .
we realise that there are many problems caused by people who are n't able to park er in a restricted area er and we need to [make sure] that people are able to do that satisfactorily and safely .

Why is that happening , because we like to assume in this country that we have enough safety nets to catch those people , to ensure while they may not live in the lap of luxury at least they do n't have to go without .
why is that happening , because we like to assume in this country that we have enough safety nets to catch those people , to [make sure] while they may not live in the lap of luxury at least they do n't have to go without .

Firstly , we are , we 're trying to ensure that wherever possible , children do n't come into care , and we 're spending a lot more money than we used to in keeping out of care ; helping families etc .
firstly , we are , we 're trying to [make sure] that wherever possible , children do n't come into care , and we 're spending a lot more money than we used to in keeping out of care ; helping families etc .

Well here 's the Director General of Fair Trading , and this is someone who 's had quite a bit of experience on this , Sir Gordon Borey and he says that motorists should ensure that any cover they buy is in the form of an individual insurance policy in their name .
well here 's the director general of fair trading , and this is someone who 's had quite a bit of experience on this , sir gordon borey and he says that motorists should [make sure] that any cover they buy is in the form of an individual insurance policy in their name .

They provided education , free education , free health services erm one of the modern communication system and ports erm and they ensure job for every Kuwaiti , so you will not find an unemployed Kuwaiti , as soon as he is able to do one job or another the Government provided the training for a large number of Kuwaiti to provide technical works .
they provided education , free education , free health services erm one of the modern communication system and ports erm and they [make sure] job for every kuwaiti , so you will not find an unemployed kuwaiti , as soon as he is able to do one job or another the government provided the training for a large number of kuwaiti to provide technical works .

It is the managers ' job to help staff plan their holiday entitlement appropriately to ensure that the workload is .
it is the managers ' job to help staff plan their holiday entitlement appropriately to [make sure] that the workload is .

You can elaborate the scheme so that the electricity can be produced when the water is both flowing in and flowing out , and you can have extra divisions to ensure that electricity can be produced at all hours of the day or night , regardless of the condition of the tide .
you can elaborate the scheme so that the electricity can be produced when the water is both flowing in and flowing out , and you can have extra divisions to [make sure] that electricity can be produced at all hours of the day or night , regardless of the condition of the tide .

We review our package each year to ensure that it remains in line with the best in the industry .
we review our package each year to [make sure] that it remains in line with the best in the industry .

The baguettes were aged for a week to ensure they stood to attention .
the baguettes were aged for a week to [make sure] they stood to attention .

Around him the usual Massgoers , Benedicta included , watched fascinated as Athelstan urged the soul to go out to meet his Christ , whilst he , Athelstan , priest of that church , summoned God 's army to meet this unfortunate man 's soul ; they were to lead it into Paradise and ensure it did not fall into the hands of Satan .
around him the usual massgoers , benedicta included , watched fascinated as athelstan urged the soul to go out to meet his christ , whilst he , athelstan , priest of that church , summoned god 's army to meet this unfortunate man 's soul ; they were to lead it into paradise and [make sure] it did not fall into the hands of satan .

The coroner shrugged though his hand went beneath his cloak to ensure his dagger was loose in its sheath .
the coroner shrugged though his hand went beneath his cloak to [make sure] his dagger was loose in its sheath .

Safety/environment : Ensure that our good record on safety improvement is sustained ; set environmental targets , record progress and prepare an external communications programme to tell people what we are doing ; give employees the facts first so they can be ambassadors for the company .
safety/environment : [make sure] that our good record on safety improvement is sustained ; set environmental targets , record progress and prepare an external communications programme to tell people what we are doing ; give employees the facts first so they can be ambassadors for the company .

Brian , seven years with Amtico in Coventry , has to ensure the plant is up to working temperature ready for tile production an hour later .
brian , seven years with amtico in coventry , has to [make sure] the plant is up to working temperature ready for tile production an hour later .

Lead times have been dramatically reduced , with goods moving much more quickly through the factory , and quality efforts ensure that 96 per cent of products are now going out ‘ right first time ’ .
lead times have been dramatically reduced , with goods moving much more quickly through the factory , and quality efforts [make sure] that 96 per cent of products are now going out ‘ right first time ’ .

There are plenty of ‘ green ’ activists or organisations who tell us what should be done , but we need to ensure that money is spent effectively .
there are plenty of ‘ green ’ activists or organisations who tell us what should be done , but we need to [make sure] that money is spent effectively .

He believes most large companies respond well to environmental incidents , taking steps to ensure similar incidents wo n't happen again .
he believes most large companies respond well to environmental incidents , taking steps to [make sure] similar incidents wo n't happen again .

Despite the current returns on capital invested in a so-called deregulated environment are such as to ensure that no sensible investor will commit further of his resources to the industry .
despite the current returns on capital invested in a so-called deregulated environment are such as to [make sure] that no sensible investor will commit further of his resources to the industry .

Communities Against the Bidston Incinerator has been at the forefront of the fight to ensure that the controversial plant is not built .
communities against the bidston incinerator has been at the forefront of the fight to [make sure] that the controversial plant is not built .

‘ We are taking firm measures to ensure that the infection does not spread any further .
‘ we are taking firm measures to [make sure] that the infection does not spread any further .

They can be prepared in advance to ensure you do n't miss out on the firework fun .
they can be prepared in advance to [make sure] you do n't miss out on the firework fun .

Richardson said he could not understand the timing of the release of the book , ‘ Strike Bowler ’ , but would ensure that his men maintained good behaviour .
richardson said he could not understand the timing of the release of the book , ‘ strike bowler ’ , but would [make sure] that his men maintained good behaviour .

The document , approved by the housing committee , says : ‘ Schemes of this nature are vital to ensure a better use of the housing stock . ’
the document , approved by the housing committee , says : ‘ schemes of this nature are vital to [make sure] a better use of the housing stock . ’

But today Mrs Ardern said the staff , governors , pupils and parents were determined to ensure that the school survived .
but today mrs ardern said the staff , governors , pupils and parents were determined to [make sure] that the school survived .

But the judge refused to make a formal order allowing the unions to arrange for independent weekly inspections of the pits , to ensure they were not deteriorating .
but the judge refused to make a formal order allowing the unions to arrange for independent weekly inspections of the pits , to [make sure] they were not deteriorating .

There is , of course , great responsibility on GPs to ensure that safety regulations affecting dangerous fluids are scrupulously observed .
there is , of course , great responsibility on gps to [make sure] that safety regulations affecting dangerous fluids are scrupulously observed .

It 's a story which should inspire all Merseyside 's Labour supporters and ensure the Tories do not become complacent .
it 's a story which should inspire all merseyside 's labour supporters and [make sure] the tories do not become complacent .

Speaking to his supporters in Houston , Bush said he had telephoned Clinton to congratulate him and promised to work closely with his successor to ‘ ensure a smooth transition of power ’ .
speaking to his supporters in houston , bush said he had telephoned clinton to congratulate him and promised to work closely with his successor to ‘ [make sure] a smooth transition of power ’ .

The object of the operation was to ensure the man was brought out of the pit shaft without any harm to him or to any police officers or the workforce .
the object of the operation was to [make sure] the man was brought out of the pit shaft without any harm to him or to any police officers or the workforce .

Mr Lilley needs more to ensure the Government can fulfil its Tory election pledge to uprate welfare benefits in line with inflation ;
mr lilley needs more to [make sure] the government can fulfil its tory election pledge to uprate welfare benefits in line with inflation ;

Mr Soley wants an independent Press authority to be set up to both ensure press freedom and investigate inaccuracy .
mr soley wants an independent press authority to be set up to both [make sure] press freedom and investigate inaccuracy .

The Blues are three points ahead of Forest now and they must ensure that the gap is still the same tomorrow night .
the blues are three points ahead of forest now and they must [make sure] that the gap is still the same tomorrow night .

She would also need a ‘ prohibitive steps ’ order to ensure the ‘ residence order ’ is followed .
she would also need a ‘ prohibitive steps ’ order to [make sure] the ‘ residence order ’ is followed .

Trainer Jimmy Etherington , who submitted a ‘ friendly ’ claim of £9,354 to ensure taking the filly back to Yorkshire , is now looking forward to a long winter 's break when the turf season closes on Monday .
trainer jimmy etherington , who submitted a ‘ friendly ’ claim of £9,354 to [make sure] taking the filly back to yorkshire , is now looking forward to a long winter 's break when the turf season closes on monday .

There will be a sufficient number of guns to ensure your attack 's a success .
there will be a sufficient number of guns to [make sure] your attack 's a success .

To ensure that the crisis of February could never be repeated , Pétain employed the equivalent of more than a whole division of men permanently mending the road .
to [make sure] that the crisis of february could never be repeated , pétain employed the equivalent of more than a whole division of men permanently mending the road .

’ And the Kaiser did everything he could to ensure that his son should be no more than a figurehead in the army given under his command .
’ and the kaiser did everything he could to [make sure] that his son should be no more than a figurehead in the army given under his command .

Annette Boyle has been promoted to catering manager to spearhead this exciting venture and she is already working closely with the Texaco facilities management team to ensure the move , currently scheduled for January , is as smooth as possible .
annette boyle has been promoted to catering manager to spearhead this exciting venture and she is already working closely with the texaco facilities management team to [make sure] the move , currently scheduled for january , is as smooth as possible .

And the shifts are structured to ensure one shift is always receiving on-going skills training .
and the shifts are structured to [make sure] one shift is always receiving on-going skills training .

The measures are designed to improve competitiveness and to help ensure the businesses within Chemicals are in a strong position to take advantage of the eventual upturn in the market .
the measures are designed to improve competitiveness and to help [make sure] the businesses within chemicals are in a strong position to take advantage of the eventual upturn in the market .

To ensure that national expenditure is the same as national income and national product , it is necessary to convert market prices to factor cost by subtracting indirect taxes and adding subsidies .
to [make sure] that national expenditure is the same as national income and national product , it is necessary to convert market prices to factor cost by subtracting indirect taxes and adding subsidies .

Suppose , then , that the wage rate is flexible and that the economy is sufficiently competitive to ensure that labour market equilibrium is achieved .
suppose , then , that the wage rate is flexible and that the economy is sufficiently competitive to [make sure] that labour market equilibrium is achieved .

Given this , it is no longer possible for the rate of interest to ensure equality between planned saving and planned investment and so Say 's Law will no longer hold .
given this , it is no longer possible for the rate of interest to [make sure] equality between planned saving and planned investment and so say 's law will no longer hold .

He argued that even if wages and prices were flexible , aggregate demand would not necessarily be sufficient to ensure full employment .
he argued that even if wages and prices were flexible , aggregate demand would not necessarily be sufficient to [make sure] full employment .

The role of the Bank of England is to ensure that the supply of money is consistent with the attainment of the government 's policy objectives .
the role of the bank of england is to [make sure] that the supply of money is consistent with the attainment of the government 's policy objectives .

The Bank has among its responsibilities the management of the monetary system and the duty to ensure that sound banking principles are observed .
the bank has among its responsibilities the management of the monetary system and the duty to [make sure] that sound banking principles are observed .

These are followed by other low-profit short-term liquid assets , such as ‘ call money ’ , Treasury Bills and trade bills , that ensure a constant stream of cash to meet customers ' demands for cash withdrawals .
these are followed by other low-profit short-term liquid assets , such as ‘ call money ’ , treasury bills and trade bills , that [make sure] a constant stream of cash to meet customers ' demands for cash withdrawals .

This reinterpretation sets Keynes ' economics apart from the traditional equilibrium analysis of neo-classical theory which depended on some kind of tâtonnement process ( as described in Chapter 6 ) to ensure that all transactions took place in equilibrium .
this reinterpretation sets keynes ' economics apart from the traditional equilibrium analysis of neo-classical theory which depended on some kind of tâtonnement process ( as described in chapter 6 ) to [make sure] that all transactions took place in equilibrium .

Discuss the view that completely flexible wages and prices would ensure the automatic attainment of full employment in an economy .
discuss the view that completely flexible wages and prices would [make sure] the automatic attainment of full employment in an economy .

It places a great responsibility upon us to ensure that the children of Sunderland are given the very best possible value-for-money meals , while also ensuring that public funds are used to the best effect .
it places a great responsibility upon us to [make sure] that the children of sunderland are given the very best possible value-for-money meals , while also ensuring that public funds are used to the best effect .

Some ensure that manufacturing technology remains up to date , while others are concerned with new products .
some [make sure] that manufacturing technology remains up to date , while others are concerned with new products .

As we feel it is most important that our pupils should benefit from the best teaching materials available , it is our policy to ensure that teachers have at their disposal a wide range of supplementary materials from which they can select what is appropriate for each set .
as we feel it is most important that our pupils should benefit from the best teaching materials available , it is our policy to [make sure] that teachers have at their disposal a wide range of supplementary materials from which they can select what is appropriate for each set .

‘ The Community and member states shall ensure that the conditions necessary for competitiveness of the Community 's industry exist . ’
‘ the community and member states shall [make sure] that the conditions necessary for competitiveness of the community 's industry exist . ’

‘ They will see a company determined to progress in key markets , with clear objectives and targets and with a more competitive cost base to ensure our future success , ’ he said .
‘ they will see a company determined to progress in key markets , with clear objectives and targets and with a more competitive cost base to [make sure] our future success , ’ he said .

Novaceta is working hard at achieving better consistency to ensure the market share remains secure against established American competitors and potential rivals from the former Soviet Union .
novaceta is working hard at achieving better consistency to [make sure] the market share remains secure against established american competitors and potential rivals from the former soviet union .

Previously , for example , drivers risked a heavy fine if they crossed a border with more than 200 litres of diesel — the idea was to ensure they filled up with fuel abroad .
previously , for example , drivers risked a heavy fine if they crossed a border with more than 200 litres of diesel — the idea was to [make sure] they filled up with fuel abroad .

France is the biggest single market in Europe where the company has its own operation with stock holding to ensure top quality service to customers .
france is the biggest single market in europe where the company has its own operation with stock holding to [make sure] top quality service to customers .

The company also carries out its own audits to ensure waste is being correctly handled and disposed of .
the company also carries out its own audits to [make sure] waste is being correctly handled and disposed of .

In implementing screening through incorporation of earthed metallic enclosures , either in the form of boxes round components or the braided outers of coaxial cables , care must be exercised to ensure that not more than one point of the circuit is earthed otherwise part of it will be shorted out .
in implementing screening through incorporation of earthed metallic enclosures , either in the form of boxes round components or the braided outers of coaxial cables , care must be exercised to [make sure] that not more than one point of the circuit is earthed otherwise part of it will be shorted out .

As an example of the use of a Bode plot to ensure the stability of a negative-feedback amplifier , consider the operational amplifier differentiator of figure 10.11 ( b ) .
as an example of the use of a bode plot to [make sure] the stability of a negative-feedback amplifier , consider the operational amplifier differentiator of figure 10.11 ( b ) .

Substantial changes are needed in order to restore the performance of the businesses to an acceptable level and ensure each one has a sound future .
substantial changes are needed in order to restore the performance of the businesses to an acceptable level and [make sure] each one has a sound future .

‘ If these two concepts are interpreted too simply , there 's a danger that people will believe we have to ensure only that the customer is satisfied or delighted .
‘ if these two concepts are interpreted too simply , there 's a danger that people will believe we have to [make sure] only that the customer is satisfied or delighted .

Dow Corning has a reputation as a pace-setter in Total Quality Management , having launched its policy in 1983. the purpose of this policy is to ensure that the company provides products and services that meet or exceed the requirements of its customers .
dow corning has a reputation as a pace-setter in total quality management , having launched its policy in 1983. the purpose of this policy is to [make sure] that the company provides products and services that meet or exceed the requirements of its customers .

‘ But it is the first time we have established formal procedures which ensure that we deliver and measure against set and agreed criteria .
‘ but it is the first time we have established formal procedures which [make sure] that we deliver and measure against set and agreed criteria .

Under a draft direction from the Scottish Office , SWDs will have a duty to ensure clients are offered a place of their choice .
under a draft direction from the scottish office , swds will have a duty to [make sure] clients are offered a place of their choice .

‘ Arm 's length inspection units have revealed significant implications in terms of capital for repairs and refurbishment to ensure that proper standards , including health and safety , are met .
‘ arm 's length inspection units have revealed significant implications in terms of capital for repairs and refurbishment to [make sure] that proper standards , including health and safety , are met .

It calls for clear guidance to be ‘ issued urgently ’ by the DoH and , if necessary , legislation to ensure there are ‘ no inhibitions on the ability of social services departments and health authorities to make a full assessment of unmet needs ’ .
it calls for clear guidance to be ‘ issued urgently ’ by the doh and , if necessary , legislation to [make sure] there are ‘ no inhibitions on the ability of social services departments and health authorities to make a full assessment of unmet needs ’ .

‘ We welcome its recommendation that the government should undertake an extensive programme of monitoring ‘ ton ensure that local authorities have the necessary resources to fulfil their new responsibilities ’ .
‘ we welcome its recommendation that the government should undertake an extensive programme of monitoring ‘ ton [make sure] that local authorities have the necessary resources to fulfil their new responsibilities ’ .

Now a new charter by the National Association of Race Equality Advisers aims to ensure these obligations are fulfilled and transform ministers ' rhetoric into reality .
now a new charter by the national association of race equality advisers aims to [make sure] these obligations are fulfilled and transform ministers ' rhetoric into reality .

She says it is up to local authorities to ensure voluntary groups do not miss out .
she says it is up to local authorities to [make sure] voluntary groups do not miss out .

There is a need to ensure organisational change does n't outpace ‘ cultural ’ change : that devolution does n't proceed until experience in managing budgets is complemented by experience in discussion financial issues honestly with users and providers .
there is a need to [make sure] organisational change does n't outpace ‘ cultural ’ change : that devolution does n't proceed until experience in managing budgets is complemented by experience in discussion financial issues honestly with users and providers .

Some critics might favour the pragmatic solution of convicting both , to ensure that the guilty party does not escape justice .
some critics might favour the pragmatic solution of convicting both , to [make sure] that the guilty party does not escape justice .

Similarly , social workers can help ensure that where provision is available for protecting someone 's rights in the justice system , ( for example , appropriate adult provision ) the need for it is recognised and met .
similarly , social workers can help [make sure] that where provision is available for protecting someone 's rights in the justice system , ( for example , appropriate adult provision ) the need for it is recognised and met .

The aim of concession analysis is to ensure that nothing which has value to the buyer is given away freely during negotiations .
the aim of concession analysis is to [make sure] that nothing which has value to the buyer is given away freely during negotiations .

With flow production he or she will have to anticipate model changes in order to ensure that the firm is invited to quote at the outset , and then follow up this quotation in the expectation of securing an order which will be fulfilled over the life of the product .
with flow production he or she will have to anticipate model changes in order to [make sure] that the firm is invited to quote at the outset , and then follow up this quotation in the expectation of securing an order which will be fulfilled over the life of the product .

This has meant heavy advertising expenditures , and the concurrent merchandising activities at point-of-sale have been necessary to ensure that the goods are promoted in-store to back up advertising .
this has meant heavy advertising expenditures , and the concurrent merchandising activities at point-of-sale have been necessary to [make sure] that the goods are promoted in-store to back up advertising .

Basically , the test is designed to cover every selling circumstance and is set to ensure that the knowledge has been successfully acquired .
basically , the test is designed to cover every selling circumstance and is set to [make sure] that the knowledge has been successfully acquired .

The company has absolute proof that none of their products fall into this category , because their chilling process is unique and has in-built safety checks to ensure against this kind of eventuality .
the company has absolute proof that none of their products fall into this category , because their chilling process is unique and has in-built safety checks to [make sure] against this kind of eventuality .

The agent may have other interests , and the firm should ensure that these interests do not conflict with its own .
the agent may have other interests , and the firm should [make sure] that these interests do not conflict with its own .

If such an exclusive arrangement is agreed , then it should also ensure that the distributor does not sell competing goods .
if such an exclusive arrangement is agreed , then it should also [make sure] that the distributor does not sell competing goods .

One is to ensure that the licensing arrangement means the acceptance of certain component parts from the licensor and if there are problems in payment then components can be withheld .
one is to [make sure] that the licensing arrangement means the acceptance of certain component parts from the licensor and if there are problems in payment then components can be withheld .

Care has been taken to ensure that these original recipes are nutritionally balanced .
care has been taken to [make sure] that these original recipes are nutritionally balanced .

The move to the new offices in City Road has enabled staff at all levels to respond effectively and quickly to any situation , and the London based directors ensure constant contact with clients so there is no ‘ ivory tower ’ situation .
the move to the new offices in city road has enabled staff at all levels to respond effectively and quickly to any situation , and the london based directors [make sure] constant contact with clients so there is no ‘ ivory tower ’ situation .

‘ We are forecasting a very exciting time developing our activities in London and we will continue to gear our services to the clients requirements and ensure that our approach is a refreshing change . ’
‘ we are forecasting a very exciting time developing our activities in london and we will continue to gear our services to the clients requirements and [make sure] that our approach is a refreshing change . ’

Its task is to ensure that the national and regional offtakes are all operating within defined quality limits to provide an uninterrupted flow of clean , natural gas to all our customers around the region .
its task is to [make sure] that the national and regional offtakes are all operating within defined quality limits to provide an uninterrupted flow of clean , natural gas to all our customers around the region .

The Grid Control computers will then continuously check this data to ensure that the system is maintained within set limits .
the grid control computers will then continuously check this data to [make sure] that the system is maintained within set limits .

We are not , of course , and we must ensure that we do not become one .
we are not , of course , and we must [make sure] that we do not become one .

‘ British Gas will ensure as far as reasonably practicable that the goods and services which it procures are not inherently damaging to the environment during their use or disposal .
‘ british gas will [make sure] as far as reasonably practicable that the goods and services which it procures are not inherently damaging to the environment during their use or disposal .

British Gas will ensure that its contractors are aware of the Company 's environmental policy and that their practices and procedures when working for British Gas are compatible with it . ’
british gas will [make sure] that its contractors are aware of the company 's environmental policy and that their practices and procedures when working for british gas are compatible with it . ’

Temporary traffic lights will be in operation during the main laying , to ensure the working area is safe for road users , pedestrians and gas engineers .
temporary traffic lights will be in operation during the main laying , to [make sure] the working area is safe for road users , pedestrians and gas engineers .

It must also ensure a mutual understanding of each others needs should such an incident , or similar occur .
it must also [make sure] a mutual understanding of each others needs should such an incident , or similar occur .

It must also ensure a mutual understanding of each others needs should such an act , or similar , occur .
it must also [make sure] a mutual understanding of each others needs should such an act , or similar , occur .

It must also ensure a mutual understanding of each others needs should such an incident , or similar occur .
it must also [make sure] a mutual understanding of each others needs should such an incident , or similar occur .

You are , you are , you are at your most confident this afternoon and so this is a time when you should enjoy ensure that your voice is heard where anything important is concerned . This evening you will prove moderately good for romance
you are , you are , you are at your most confident this afternoon and so this is a time when you should enjoy [make sure] that your voice is heard where anything important is concerned . this evening you will prove moderately good for romance

Well John was saying to me , that eh , Bill is such a perfectionist that although he 's done good works already , he will ensure that every single corner of that house will be immaculate and exactly the way he wants it , but it 'll take him three or four years to do it .
well john was saying to me , that eh , bill is such a perfectionist that although he 's done good works already , he will [make sure] that every single corner of that house will be immaculate and exactly the way he wants it , but it 'll take him three or four years to do it .

So , we set objectives and sub , subsequently planned a budget to ensure that it 's successful .
so , we set objectives and sub , subsequently planned a budget to [make sure] that it 's successful .

It 's the responsibility of the local authority to ensure that all those leading groups are people of good standing .
it 's the responsibility of the local authority to [make sure] that all those leading groups are people of good standing .

Also ensure that all switches , sockets and plugs are cleaned regularly with a lubricating cleaner such as Electrolube .
also [make sure] that all switches , sockets and plugs are cleaned regularly with a lubricating cleaner such as electrolube .

We try to ensure that green fees listed are correct , but discrepancies may occur .
we try to [make sure] that green fees listed are correct , but discrepancies may occur .

On wet ground , play the ball back a bit in your stance to ensure catching the ball first , thus minimising the amount of moisture squeezed between the clubface and the ball at impact .
on wet ground , play the ball back a bit in your stance to [make sure] catching the ball first , thus minimising the amount of moisture squeezed between the clubface and the ball at impact .

Finally , there 's a master volume pot with its own unity gain point and a peak level indicator to ensure the output signal is below distortion point .
finally , there 's a master volume pot with its own unity gain point and a peak level indicator to [make sure] the output signal is below distortion point .

Ensure , too , that you accent the chords as indicated above the notation .
[make sure] , too , that you accent the chords as indicated above the notation .

Christmas would not be complete without holly , but before growing your own , take John Kelly 's advice to ensure you choose the right sex !
christmas would not be complete without holly , but before growing your own , take john kelly 's advice to [make sure] you choose the right sex !

Blue hyacinths and yellow tulips ensure a dense spring carpet of colour
blue hyacinths and yellow tulips [make sure] a dense spring carpet of colour

To maintain strong red bracts , ensure you keep your poinsettia in a well-lit spot .
to maintain strong red bracts , [make sure] you keep your poinsettia in a well-lit spot .

If space is at a premium it makes sense to grow plants with more than one season of interest . Fresh from his garden , Nigel Colborn has plenty of planting ideas to help ensure that your borders continually brim over with flowers and foliage
if space is at a premium it makes sense to grow plants with more than one season of interest . fresh from his garden , nigel colborn has plenty of planting ideas to help [make sure] that your borders continually brim over with flowers and foliage

Planning a new border is always an exciting proposition but before you start , follow Phillippa Lambert 's preparation tips to ensure that your plants get off to a flying start
planning a new border is always an exciting proposition but before you start , follow phillippa lambert 's preparation tips to [make sure] that your plants get off to a flying start

To ensure that the breeding of such fish is continued we will try to obtain new specimens whenever possible .
to [make sure] that the breeding of such fish is continued we will try to obtain new specimens whenever possible .

In fact , when a pair of any large Cichlids are in a tank of their own care should be taken to ensure that the male does not vent his anger on his mate , if he wants to breed and she is not quite ready .
in fact , when a pair of any large cichlids are in a tank of their own care should be taken to [make sure] that the male does not vent his anger on his mate , if he wants to breed and she is not quite ready .

Once the eggs have hatched all surplus rockwork can be removed , to ensure that fry do not get trapped under it .
once the eggs have hatched all surplus rockwork can be removed , to [make sure] that fry do not get trapped under it .

At the end of the airline an airstone is attached ( though this is not essential ) to ensure a regular even flow of small bubbles .
at the end of the airline an airstone is attached ( though this is not essential ) to [make sure] a regular even flow of small bubbles .

Perhaps a little more expensive , but we 've opted for a powerhead run undergravel — which will ensure adequate throughput of water through the gravel , and offers many similar features to the internal power filter , in terms of flow and aeration .
perhaps a little more expensive , but we 've opted for a powerhead run undergravel — which will [make sure] adequate throughput of water through the gravel , and offers many similar features to the internal power filter , in terms of flow and aeration .

Angling the powerhead towards the heater will ensure good circulation around it .
angling the powerhead towards the heater will [make sure] good circulation around it .

Ensure that fish , or decomposing waste , can not get trapped inside or behind your structures .
[make sure] that fish , or decomposing waste , can not get trapped inside or behind your structures .

It is vitally important that canister filters are packed fairly loosely and maintained correctly to ensure that the correct amount of water reached the pump impeller .
it is vitally important that canister filters are packed fairly loosely and maintained correctly to [make sure] that the correct amount of water reached the pump impeller .

In either case the process occurs in order to ensure that the zooxanthellae receive precisely the amount of light that they require , no more , no less .
in either case the process occurs in order to [make sure] that the zooxanthellae receive precisely the amount of light that they require , no more , no less .

Parents should ensure that young children do not go rockpooling unaccompanied , because there are dangers even on innocuous shores .
parents should [make sure] that young children do not go rockpooling unaccompanied , because there are dangers even on innocuous shores .

When you purchase your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . If in doubt consult your dealer
when you purchase your new filter [make sure] you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . if in doubt consult your dealer

Box pond filters utilise two main filtration principles to ensure the health of your fish : mechanical and biological filtration .
box pond filters utilise two main filtration principles to [make sure] the health of your fish : mechanical and biological filtration .

Tomorrow is Day 7 , and you need to make a concerted effort to ensure that the results at the beginning of Day 8 really demonstrate your progress through the week .
tomorrow is day 7 , and you need to make a concerted effort to [make sure] that the results at the beginning of day 8 really demonstrate your progress through the week .

Having a positive attitude about your progress will ensure you have continued success .
having a positive attitude about your progress will [make sure] you have continued success .

You would need to ensure that each amp dealt only with its allotted frequency range and so the signal would be split using a crossover , or filter .
you would need to [make sure] that each amp dealt only with its allotted frequency range and so the signal would be split using a crossover , or filter .

All reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that the advice and data given to readers is reliable .
all reasonable precautions are taken to [make sure] that the advice and data given to readers is reliable .

To ensure maximum signal swing the collector will be biased at half the available line voltage .
to [make sure] maximum signal swing the collector will be biased at half the available line voltage .

Whatever method you decide to use to wire the board remember to ensure that all polarity conscious components are correctly orientated .
whatever method you decide to use to wire the board remember to [make sure] that all polarity conscious components are correctly orientated .

When you have completed the circuit board check it to ensure that there are no dry joints or unwanted blobs of solder bridging tracks .
when you have completed the circuit board check it to [make sure] that there are no dry joints or unwanted blobs of solder bridging tracks .

Ensure the film is completely flat against the light box .
[make sure] the film is completely flat against the light box .

The ultra-violet process method will reproduce any flaws in the artwork , so it is necessary to ensure that there are no breaks in the conductor lines etc .
the ultra-violet process method will reproduce any flaws in the artwork , so it is necessary to [make sure] that there are no breaks in the conductor lines etc .

Due care must be taken to ensure that none of the primary wiring comes into electrical contact with the wiring on the secondary side of the transformer .
due care must be taken to [make sure] that none of the primary wiring comes into electrical contact with the wiring on the secondary side of the transformer .

Remember to ensure the instrument is tuned to concert pitch while making these adjustments .
remember to [make sure] the instrument is tuned to concert pitch while making these adjustments .

English people , relying as they do on the creation of an invisible but supposedly recognizable barrier of reserve to ensure personal privacy in public places , have always been particularly appreciative of this form of tact .
english people , relying as they do on the creation of an invisible but supposedly recognizable barrier of reserve to [make sure] personal privacy in public places , have always been particularly appreciative of this form of tact .

He proposed a ‘ Moran training camp ’ which would ‘ supplement the indigenous system with more direct educative purpose , introducing some of our ideas on personal training and discipline to ensure bringing the young men of the tribe to hand under our guidance in the early stages of their Moranhood ’ .
he proposed a ‘ moran training camp ’ which would ‘ supplement the indigenous system with more direct educative purpose , introducing some of our ideas on personal training and discipline to [make sure] bringing the young men of the tribe to hand under our guidance in the early stages of their moranhood ’ .

By requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , Indirect Rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could govern .
by requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , indirect rule seemed to [make sure] that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could govern .

Behind all this was discernible the dim outlines of an even grander vision — a vision of an Anglo-Saxon world state , in which Britain , the white dominions and America ( realigned with Britain after what Curtis referred to as the ‘ schism ’ of 1775 ) would in concert undertake to ensure the peace and prosperity of the world : Curtis was not called ‘ The Prophet ’ for nothing .
behind all this was discernible the dim outlines of an even grander vision — a vision of an anglo-saxon world state , in which britain , the white dominions and america ( realigned with britain after what curtis referred to as the ‘ schism ’ of 1775 ) would in concert undertake to [make sure] the peace and prosperity of the world : curtis was not called ‘ the prophet ’ for nothing .

To ensure his continued ascendancy over Congress , Gandhi had to radicalize himself again .
to [make sure] his continued ascendancy over congress , gandhi had to radicalize himself again .

The daring magnitude of this conception has since been obscured by its almost routine enactment in a series of African countries in the 1960s , but it should never be forgotten that India was the test case , and that at the time success in the execution of such a plan seemed far from assured : only a year before Mountbatten 's appointment the then viceroy , Lord Wavell , had been pressing on the Cabinet his ‘ Breakdown Plan ’ , which consisted simply of the phased evacuation of the British from India without any serious attempt to ensure that a viable , much less friendly , government was installed in their place .
the daring magnitude of this conception has since been obscured by its almost routine enactment in a series of african countries in the 1960s , but it should never be forgotten that india was the test case , and that at the time success in the execution of such a plan seemed far from assured : only a year before mountbatten 's appointment the then viceroy , lord wavell , had been pressing on the cabinet his ‘ breakdown plan ’ , which consisted simply of the phased evacuation of the british from india without any serious attempt to [make sure] that a viable , much less friendly , government was installed in their place .

His concern was to ensure that Indirect Rule was sufficiently modernized to function as an instrument of government in an era of rapid social and economic change .
his concern was to [make sure] that indirect rule was sufficiently modernized to function as an instrument of government in an era of rapid social and economic change .

We must fight for greater tolerance , and for legislation that protects against anti-gay discrimination , to ensure that something like Section 28 will never be brought into the rest of Europe .
we must fight for greater tolerance , and for legislation that protects against anti-gay discrimination , to [make sure] that something like section 28 will never be brought into the rest of europe .

Because there is no one governing body for hypnotherapists at the time of writing , you will want to ensure that the one you consult has received proper training .
because there is no one governing body for hypnotherapists at the time of writing , you will want to [make sure] that the one you consult has received proper training .

By using the detachment technique during the course of the regression , it is possible for the hypnotherapist to ensure that you do not suffer in any way — if , for example , you are undergoing past-life regression and you came to a painful and untimely end in an earlier life . After all , if you had been hanged , drawn and quartered at a time when such deaths were not uncommon , you would not really want to feel either the physical pain or indeed the terror which must have accompanied it !
by using the detachment technique during the course of the regression , it is possible for the hypnotherapist to [make sure] that you do not suffer in any way — if , for example , you are undergoing past-life regression and you came to a painful and untimely end in an earlier life . after all , if you had been hanged , drawn and quartered at a time when such deaths were not uncommon , you would not really want to feel either the physical pain or indeed the terror which must have accompanied it !

Wherever installed there should be a large notice to tell people , regular routine checking to ensure it is in working order , and someone to ensure it is switched on and properly used .
wherever installed there should be a large notice to tell people , regular routine checking to [make sure] it is in working order , and someone to [make sure] it is switched on and properly used .

All possible aids — technical and tactical — are worth exploring ; simple information and preparation should be used to ensure positive and effective participation .
all possible aids — technical and tactical — are worth exploring ; simple information and preparation should be used to [make sure] positive and effective participation .

Air pumps and the aeration features on many pumps/powerheads ensure plenty of oxygen in the water ( as does the fact that it is regularly turned over in the tank ) .
air pumps and the aeration features on many pumps/powerheads [make sure] plenty of oxygen in the water ( as does the fact that it is regularly turned over in the tank ) .

Part of the job of your filtration system ( commonly referred to as ‘ biological filtration ’ ) is to ensure that ammonia levels are kept at or near zero levels .
part of the job of your filtration system ( commonly referred to as ‘ biological filtration ’ ) is to [make sure] that ammonia levels are kept at or near zero levels .

Watch your fish carefully at feeding times to ensure that they are all behaving well and that all the fish are obtaining some food .
watch your fish carefully at feeding times to [make sure] that they are all behaving well and that all the fish are obtaining some food .

Always ensure adequate aeration in your system .
always [make sure] adequate aeration in your system .

Always ensure the ideal environmental conditions for the fish you wish to breed .
always [make sure] the ideal environmental conditions for the fish you wish to breed .

Species shoals ensure males and females develop together making spawning more feasible at a future date .
species shoals [make sure] males and females develop together making spawning more feasible at a future date .

Ensure the crown just protrudes above the growing medium .
[make sure] the crown just protrudes above the growing medium .

Buying bare-rooted plants should be limited to the early part of the season to ensure that they have enough time to produce fresh roots and become established during the summer months .
buying bare-rooted plants should be limited to the early part of the season to [make sure] that they have enough time to produce fresh roots and become established during the summer months .

When planting ensure that the crown ( growing tip ) is protruding above the growing medium .
when planting [make sure] that the crown ( growing tip ) is protruding above the growing medium .

6mm holes to ensure water circulation
6mm holes to [make sure] water circulation

One overriding advantage of feeding dry foods , is that you ensure that you are feeding a balanced diet , which will contain all essential components , vitamins and minerals .
one overriding advantage of feeding dry foods , is that you [make sure] that you are feeding a balanced diet , which will contain all essential components , vitamins and minerals .

They must be fitted with great care to prevent fish getting behind them , and it 's important to ensure some water movement behind them to eliminate dead spots .
they must be fitted with great care to prevent fish getting behind them , and it 's important to [make sure] some water movement behind them to eliminate dead spots .

Ensure rocky structures are set firmly into the gravel ; more complicated structures can be siliconed together before placing in the tank ( and/or siliconed to the glass ) .
[make sure] rocky structures are set firmly into the gravel ; more complicated structures can be siliconed together before placing in the tank ( and/or siliconed to the glass ) .

It is heavily chlorinated to ensure it is fit for human consumption , but that does n't mean it is suitable for your fish .
it is heavily chlorinated to [make sure] it is fit for human consumption , but that does n't mean it is suitable for your fish .

We asked interior designer Judy Smith to ensure the flat was suitable for a nanny or for an elderly person to use as a ‘ granny flat ’ .
we asked interior designer judy smith to [make sure] the flat was suitable for a nanny or for an elderly person to use as a ‘ granny flat ’ .

Space Having an area ( ideally paved or cemented ) where you can prepare containers to replace those on display will help ensure continual colour and interest all year round .
space having an area ( ideally paved or cemented ) where you can prepare containers to replace those on display will help [make sure] continual colour and interest all year round .

Regular care will ensure a clean , spot-free back and shoulders — a drop of the new Badedas Moisturising Bath Gelee with extract of Orchid in the water will help keep skin soft and smooth too .
regular care will [make sure] a clean , spot-free back and shoulders — a drop of the new badedas moisturising bath gelee with extract of orchid in the water will help keep skin soft and smooth too .

Clean , even sweeps will ensure a smooth , perfect finish .
clean , even sweeps will [make sure] a smooth , perfect finish .

Also ensure that all the components are correctly located .
also [make sure] that all the components are correctly located .

You can now forget about the Vehicle Watchdog as it will automatically switch itself on and off and the extensive battery life will ensure long and reliable service .
you can now forget about the vehicle watchdog as it will automatically switch itself on and off and the extensive battery life will [make sure] long and reliable service .

Often , a domestic detergent is also used , in order to ensure that no greasy marks remain on the board , which must be ‘ wettable ’ to accept the etch-resist lacquer .
often , a domestic detergent is also used , in order to [make sure] that no greasy marks remain on the board , which must be ‘ wettable ’ to accept the etch-resist lacquer .

As the monostable time period and the input pulse width approach each other , the error pulse must be ‘ stretched ’ to ensure that there is sufficient power to drive the motor .
as the monostable time period and the input pulse width approach each other , the error pulse must be ‘ stretched ’ to [make sure] that there is sufficient power to drive the motor .

If a mains power supply is used , ensure that an additional decoupling capacitor of several thousand microfarads ( µF ) is placed across the output .
if a mains power supply is used , [make sure] that an additional decoupling capacitor of several thousand microfarads ( µf ) is placed across the output .

The user must ensure that the permissible Zener dissipation is not exceeded .
the user must [make sure] that the permissible zener dissipation is not exceeded .

To ensure formal consideration on a future agenda , a recommendation by Mexico was adopted calling for exclusive allocations for both amateur and broadcasting services around 7MHz which , it is hoped , could eventually result in a common worldwide amateur 40m band .
to [make sure] formal consideration on a future agenda , a recommendation by mexico was adopted calling for exclusive allocations for both amateur and broadcasting services around 7mhz which , it is hoped , could eventually result in a common worldwide amateur 40m band .

His job involves monitoring products to ensure they reflect the manufacturer 's claims .
his job involves monitoring products to [make sure] they reflect the manufacturer 's claims .

If you wish to freeze any dishes after you have cooked them , slightly reduce the cooking time to ensure that the food does n't overcook during reheating .
if you wish to freeze any dishes after you have cooked them , slightly reduce the cooking time to [make sure] that the food does n't overcook during reheating .

So , as you add the final trimmings to the turkey , remember to follow some simple hygiene rules to ensure all your guests enjoy a happy and healthy Christmas .
so , as you add the final trimmings to the turkey , remember to follow some simple hygiene rules to [make sure] all your guests enjoy a happy and healthy christmas .

Finally , with a lot of activity centring around the kitchen sink ( such as cleaning the turkey ) , the draining board , sink and plug can harbour many germs , so it is important to ensure these areas are kept hygienically clean .
finally , with a lot of activity centring around the kitchen sink ( such as cleaning the turkey ) , the draining board , sink and plug can harbour many germs , so it is important to [make sure] these areas are kept hygienically clean .

Ensure a regular supply by taking a few sucker cuttings each year , so you always have plants at different stages of growth .
[make sure] a regular supply by taking a few sucker cuttings each year , so you always have plants at different stages of growth .

Supplied with a lifetime warranty , all Logic guitar cables use electrolytic copper in a mono-crystalline structure for excellent conductivity , along with gold-plated jacks , soft rubber jack housings and ‘ Silver League ’ solder to ensure low noise .
supplied with a lifetime warranty , all logic guitar cables use electrolytic copper in a mono-crystalline structure for excellent conductivity , along with gold-plated jacks , soft rubber jack housings and ‘ silver league ’ solder to [make sure] low noise .

Doubtless a sort of graphite derivative , it should ensure that tuning stays smooth and ping free .
doubtless a sort of graphite derivative , it should [make sure] that tuning stays smooth and ping free .

This is to help ensure nutritional balance in your diet and , in particular , to supply calcium , because dietary fibre can hinder the absorption of calcium to some degree .
this is to help [make sure] nutritional balance in your diet and , in particular , to supply calcium , because dietary fibre can hinder the absorption of calcium to some degree .

There is no evidence of health problems arising from this particular factor , but on this healthy diet we want to take extra care to ensure all essential nutrients .
there is no evidence of health problems arising from this particular factor , but on this healthy diet we want to take extra care to [make sure] all essential nutrients .

The fibre itself will ensure this but the extra fluid may help it a little — certainly the fluid has to come from somewhere , and it will do no harm if it is calorie-free .
the fibre itself will [make sure] this but the extra fluid may help it a little — certainly the fluid has to come from somewhere , and it will do no harm if it is calorie-free .

Alcohol does not provide any useful nutrients or fibre ; hence the reason for consuming all your daily calories from food and milk , to ensure good nutrition , before adding any ‘ empty ’ alcoholic calories .
alcohol does not provide any useful nutrients or fibre ; hence the reason for consuming all your daily calories from food and milk , to [make sure] good nutrition , before adding any ‘ empty ’ alcoholic calories .

Choose your foods from the charts to ensure a daily intake of more than 30g of dietary fibre .
choose your foods from the charts to [make sure] a daily intake of more than 30g of dietary fibre .

The male parent , having chased away the female , spent most of his time in the nest , swishing about to ensure a constant flow of oxygenated water over the eggs .
the male parent , having chased away the female , spent most of his time in the nest , swishing about to [make sure] a constant flow of oxygenated water over the eggs .

Always ensure your pipes and fittings are soundly installed .
always [make sure] your pipes and fittings are soundly installed .

• We as fishkeepers should take every precaution to ensure that the fish 's gills are not stressed or damaged in any way , either through rough handling or poor water quality .
• we as fishkeepers should take every precaution to [make sure] that the fish 's gills are not stressed or damaged in any way , either through rough handling or poor water quality .

These are generally irradiated to ensure sterility .
these are generally irradiated to [make sure] sterility .

but are best used in conjunction with an external filter to eliminate the problems of dead spots when the eels burrow — or when they decide that the uplift pipe would make an ideal home , so ensure the tops are tightly fitted !
but are best used in conjunction with an external filter to eliminate the problems of dead spots when the eels burrow — or when they decide that the uplift pipe would make an ideal home , so [make sure] the tops are tightly fitted !

Some 70 pharmaceutical grade trace elements and the basic compound are melted together to ensure a complete mix before being solidified and ground down into the basic salt .
some 70 pharmaceutical grade trace elements and the basic compound are melted together to [make sure] a complete mix before being solidified and ground down into the basic salt .

This is claimed to ensure that all the elements dissolve fully and equally .
this is claimed to [make sure] that all the elements dissolve fully and equally .

Partial water changes in the region of 10–20 % each fortnight , using a good quality salt should provide all the trace elements your tank needs , but a supplement will ensure a continuous supply .
partial water changes in the region of 10–20 % each fortnight , using a good quality salt should provide all the trace elements your tank needs , but a supplement will [make sure] a continuous supply .

They are often laid to coincide with the female 's moult to ensure sufficient time for the eggs to develop before the next moult is due .
they are often laid to coincide with the female 's moult to [make sure] sufficient time for the eggs to develop before the next moult is due .

Oxygen depletion will affect Orfe before other pond fish species , therefore on hot still nights when they are most at risk , ensure there is good water movement in the pond ( via a waterfall , venturi or fountain ) .
oxygen depletion will affect orfe before other pond fish species , therefore on hot still nights when they are most at risk , [make sure] there is good water movement in the pond ( via a waterfall , venturi or fountain ) .

If treatment is necessary ensure that you select a remedy which does not harm Orfe .
if treatment is necessary [make sure] that you select a remedy which does not harm orfe .

Autumn is the season to best appreciate your pond fish and , at the same time , to make simple preparations that will ensure they enter the cold months fighting fit .
autumn is the season to best appreciate your pond fish and , at the same time , to make simple preparations that will [make sure] they enter the cold months fighting fit .

To offset the emotional effects of their unnatural life-style they often require tranquillizers , and to ensure commercially satisfactory levels of meat production they are injected with anabolic — that is , body-building — steroid hormones .
to offset the emotional effects of their unnatural life-style they often require tranquillizers , and to [make sure] commercially satisfactory levels of meat production they are injected with anabolic — that is , body-building — steroid hormones .

It always has to be borne in mind in orthodox research that while strains of laboratory animals are highly inbred to ensure , as far as possible , consistency of response , complete homogeneity can never be guaranteed , and genetic similarity is even less likely to be achieved with plants .
it always has to be borne in mind in orthodox research that while strains of laboratory animals are highly inbred to [make sure] , as far as possible , consistency of response , complete homogeneity can never be guaranteed , and genetic similarity is even less likely to be achieved with plants .

This deal with Channel Ten will ensure that Campese continues playing Test rugby despite his statements earlier this year that he would step down from international rugby and establish a permanent business base in Italy .
this deal with channel ten will [make sure] that campese continues playing test rugby despite his statements earlier this year that he would step down from international rugby and establish a permanent business base in italy .

All the above suggests that serious consideration should be given to abandoning judicial practices which protect the accused from arbitrary or unjust conviction , or which ensure they receive the benefit of the doubt , and exploring alternative judicial principles more relevant to prosecuting ( and convicting ) corporations and their officials ( Friedman 1979 ) .
all the above suggests that serious consideration should be given to abandoning judicial practices which protect the accused from arbitrary or unjust conviction , or which [make sure] they receive the benefit of the doubt , and exploring alternative judicial principles more relevant to prosecuting ( and convicting ) corporations and their officials ( friedman 1979 ) .

To ensure a steady supply of corporations who could be prosecuted , other liberal reforms need to be considered .
to [make sure] a steady supply of corporations who could be prosecuted , other liberal reforms need to be considered .

Clerk of Course John Sanderson is banking on rain to save the race 's face and ensure that favourite User Friendly lines up .
clerk of course john sanderson is banking on rain to save the race 's face and [make sure] that favourite user friendly lines up .

Its bold front design allows for more efficient engine cooling , and the superb instrument panel , precise steering , smooth gear shift and progressive-action pedals ensure an effortless ride .
its bold front design allows for more efficient engine cooling , and the superb instrument panel , precise steering , smooth gear shift and progressive-action pedals [make sure] an effortless ride .

Charles the Second ( 1630–85 ) created the post of Raven Master to keep nine ravens in the Tower to ensure the monarchy survived .
charles the second ( 1630–85 ) created the post of raven master to keep nine ravens in the tower to [make sure] the monarchy survived .

And teachers will try to ensure correct ‘ standard ’ English is spoken , not only in the class-room but in the playground and out of school , too .
and teachers will try to [make sure] correct ‘ standard ’ english is spoken , not only in the class-room but in the playground and out of school , too .

All she wanted was to turn Althorp into a flourishing commercial business to ensure its survival .
all she wanted was to turn althorp into a flourishing commercial business to [make sure] its survival .

Changes in practice , in turn , call for changes in education and in the professions to ensure that the needs of society are met effectively and that standards are safeguarded for our patients and clients .
changes in practice , in turn , call for changes in education and in the professions to [make sure] that the needs of society are met effectively and that standards are safeguarded for our patients and clients .

Lead and co-ordinate … to ensure that the programme of each patient 's care … is effective and meets the individual patient 's needs .
lead and co-ordinate … to [make sure] that the programme of each patient 's care … is effective and meets the individual patient 's needs .

Ensure accuracy and legibility of clinical and legal documents .
[make sure] accuracy and legibility of clinical and legal documents .

Ensure continuity of care . ’
[make sure] continuity of care . ’

Provision for re-entry programmes should be linked with periodic relicensing to ensure safe practice .
provision for re-entry programmes should be linked with periodic relicensing to [make sure] safe practice .

Guidance on measures to ensure a safe environment , and issues related to health and safety at work .
guidance on measures to [make sure] a safe environment , and issues related to health and safety at work .

You can ease the problem though — ensure that the fly and inner are not touching anywhere , then try repositioning the fly so that there is space for good air flow between the bottom of the fly and the ground .
you can ease the problem though — [make sure] that the fly and inner are not touching anywhere , then try repositioning the fly so that there is space for good air flow between the bottom of the fly and the ground .

It 's important for myself and other access officers to meet regularly with council officers to ensure cycling is n't forgotten .
it 's important for myself and other access officers to meet regularly with council officers to [make sure] cycling is n't forgotten .

When choosing a route consider the capabilities and limitations of all your party to ensure you do n't tackle a ridge too far .
when choosing a route consider the capabilities and limitations of all your party to [make sure] you do n't tackle a ridge too far .

We needed a compass bearing to ensure we headed off in the right direction , a reminder that even a ‘ valley ’ walk can land the unwary in difficulties .
we needed a compass bearing to [make sure] we headed off in the right direction , a reminder that even a ‘ valley ’ walk can land the unwary in difficulties .

Although rucksack fabrics are supposedly waterproof , always use a rucksack liner , plus polythene bags round individual items , to ensure your kit is kept dry .
although rucksack fabrics are supposedly waterproof , always use a rucksack liner , plus polythene bags round individual items , to [make sure] your kit is kept dry .

For example this can be syntactic and semantic information to ensure more meaningful results , especially for running text .
for example this can be syntactic and semantic information to [make sure] more meaningful results , especially for running text .

This is done to ensure non-words are not introduced .
this is done to [make sure] non-words are not introduced .

This is not done to annoy the public but to ensure their safety .
this is not done to annoy the public but to [make sure] their safety .

And he urged Prime Minister John Major to ensure Britain played its full part .
and he urged prime minister john major to [make sure] britain played its full part .

We must ensure our employment levels are in line with that work until new orders are won .
we must [make sure] our employment levels are in line with that work until new orders are won .

But , thankfully , the public debate will have helped to ensure that no longer can the glaring inadequacies of the system and its inherent unfairness to participating individuals remain ignored .
but , thankfully , the public debate will have helped to [make sure] that no longer can the glaring inadequacies of the system and its inherent unfairness to participating individuals remain ignored .

Hodgkinson 's World Cup role may have been depressingly brief and , if it was far from what he wanted , the way the tournament worked out did ensure his arrival at the top of the world kicker 's table .
hodgkinson 's world cup role may have been depressingly brief and , if it was far from what he wanted , the way the tournament worked out did [make sure] his arrival at the top of the world kicker 's table .

To ensure good luck , your daughter should leave home by the front door , stepping out with her right foot first .
to [make sure] good luck , your daughter should leave home by the front door , stepping out with her right foot first .

It should ensure your pet lives in the lap of luxury — without risking a legal challenge .
it should [make sure] your pet lives in the lap of luxury — without risking a legal challenge .

Right-On movements such as the feminists and the peace campaigners evolved complicated systems to ensure this happened .
right-on movements such as the feminists and the peace campaigners evolved complicated systems to [make sure] this happened .

All the left needed to do was to ensure that the next Labour government was a real alternative , and not led by another tedious old right-winger like Callaghan , who had gone back to his farm blaming the lefties .
all the left needed to do was to [make sure] that the next labour government was a real alternative , and not led by another tedious old right-winger like callaghan , who had gone back to his farm blaming the lefties .

Such a process is always lengthy and complicated , as each line has to be verified to ensure no false promises or claims are made .
such a process is always lengthy and complicated , as each line has to be verified to [make sure] no false promises or claims are made .

This was to ensure that he or she would not be pressurized to publish things against their judgement or be got rid of in favour of an outsider who would change the paper 's political line .
this was to [make sure] that he or she would not be pressurized to publish things against their judgement or be got rid of in favour of an outsider who would change the paper 's political line .

Before implementing a relocation , ensure that whoever is organising the move is fully prepared to deal with employees ' questions and anxieties .
before implementing a relocation , [make sure] that whoever is organising the move is fully prepared to deal with employees ' questions and anxieties .

It is therefore sensible to ensure that those going are adequately briefed on exactly what their new country is like to live and work in .
it is therefore sensible to [make sure] that those going are adequately briefed on exactly what their new country is like to live and work in .

Also , before deciding to embark on a relocation exercise , it is important to ensure that the proposed timing is appropriate .
also , before deciding to embark on a relocation exercise , it is important to [make sure] that the proposed timing is appropriate .

For the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .
for the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to [make sure] that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .

Any relocation depends on a detailed cost/benefit analysis being carried out to ensure that the exercise is truly worthwhile .
any relocation depends on a detailed cost/benefit analysis being carried out to [make sure] that the exercise is truly worthwhile .

They tend to review their arrangements — perhaps in consultation with their unions — so that allowances remain within Inland Revenue limits ( to ensure employees do not pay tax on them ) and so they provide adequate compensation for any costs incurred and the domestic upheaval involved in moving .
they tend to review their arrangements — perhaps in consultation with their unions — so that allowances remain within inland revenue limits ( to [make sure] employees do not pay tax on them ) and so they provide adequate compensation for any costs incurred and the domestic upheaval involved in moving .

In both instances , it is important that the candidate is assessed thoroughly to ensure suitability .
in both instances , it is important that the candidate is assessed thoroughly to [make sure] suitability .

In this way , the organisation does its best to ensure that the employee is likely to be able to meet the requirements expected of him in the job abroad .
in this way , the organisation does its best to [make sure] that the employee is likely to be able to meet the requirements expected of him in the job abroad .

In organisations where employees sent on overseas postings are recommended by their managers , care needs to be taken to ensure that senior managers are not withholding recommendations for good candidates .
in organisations where employees sent on overseas postings are recommended by their managers , care needs to be taken to [make sure] that senior managers are not withholding recommendations for good candidates .

At the interview stage it is important to ensure that candidates will be able to make a real contribution to the business of the overseas subsidiary and be accepted by the employees there .
at the interview stage it is important to [make sure] that candidates will be able to make a real contribution to the business of the overseas subsidiary and be accepted by the employees there .

To ensure an employee becomes effective in his work as soon as possible , briefing on the areas mentioned above is most important but no matter how much business information is provided in advance , the expatriate can not give full attention to his work if he or members of his family suffer culture shock as a result of living in a strange environment .
to [make sure] an employee becomes effective in his work as soon as possible , briefing on the areas mentioned above is most important but no matter how much business information is provided in advance , the expatriate can not give full attention to his work if he or members of his family suffer culture shock as a result of living in a strange environment .

Firms less experienced in international postings should ensure that employees , and where possible their spouses , attend externally run briefings .
firms less experienced in international postings should [make sure] that employees , and where possible their spouses , attend externally run briefings .

No briefing session can deal with individual problems but it should advise the executive moving abroad to ensure that his tax position is handled properly to avoid making costly mistakes .
no briefing session can deal with individual problems but it should advise the executive moving abroad to [make sure] that his tax position is handled properly to avoid making costly mistakes .

Briefing sessions should ensure that expatriate couples are fully aware of these potential problems .
briefing sessions should [make sure] that expatriate couples are fully aware of these potential problems .

This system is based on the home salary and aims to ensure that the expatriate 's standard of living in the home country is maintained while he is working abroad .
this system is based on the home salary and aims to [make sure] that the expatriate 's standard of living in the home country is maintained while he is working abroad .

Following the pattern of development of municipal law we will be able to outlaw self-help in the enforcement of international law , remove the weapons of violence from the hands of those who might break the law and ensure that no state is a judge in its own cause when it comes to questions of legitimate self-defence or disputes about allegations of aggression .
following the pattern of development of municipal law we will be able to outlaw self-help in the enforcement of international law , remove the weapons of violence from the hands of those who might break the law and [make sure] that no state is a judge in its own cause when it comes to questions of legitimate self-defence or disputes about allegations of aggression .

In fact , however , Dworkin 's rather rigid division of labour , and the inflexible institutional framework in which it operates appears ill-equipped to ensure that the best or fairest policy decisions are reached , particularly during a time of rapid political economic and social change .
in fact , however , dworkin 's rather rigid division of labour , and the inflexible institutional framework in which it operates appears ill-equipped to [make sure] that the best or fairest policy decisions are reached , particularly during a time of rapid political economic and social change .

This has the advantage over our conventional representative institutions of being based on a new model of decision-making , one which seeks to ensure adequate consideration of all competing interests , including even poorly organised ones .
this has the advantage over our conventional representative institutions of being based on a new model of decision-making , one which seeks to [make sure] adequate consideration of all competing interests , including even poorly organised ones .

It does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .
it does not go so far to [make sure] proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .

Clearly , one aim is to ensure the election of a Parliament the House of Commons of which is of an efficient size , and the Members of which are elected in such a way that the vote of one elector is worth the same as another , neither more nor less .
clearly , one aim is to [make sure] the election of a parliament the house of commons of which is of an efficient size , and the members of which are elected in such a way that the vote of one elector is worth the same as another , neither more nor less .

The commissions are to strive to ensure that no constituency varies from this quota by more or less than a quarter of it .
the commissions are to strive to [make sure] that no constituency varies from this quota by more or less than a quarter of it .

The Statutory Instruments Act 1946 sought to regularise these procedures and to ensure that the House had an opportunity of scrutinising such legislation .
the statutory instruments act 1946 sought to regularise these procedures and to [make sure] that the house had an opportunity of scrutinising such legislation .

The Standing Orders of the House , particularly those of the House of Commons , do ensure that a substantial amount of time is made available for non-governmental business .
the standing orders of the house , particularly those of the house of commons , do [make sure] that a substantial amount of time is made available for non-governmental business .

It is the main function of the Statutory Instruments Act to ensure that where an instrument is made by a Minister of the Crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by Parliament , Parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .
it is the main function of the statutory instruments act to [make sure] that where an instrument is made by a minister of the crown in pursuance of powers delegated to him by parliament , parliament shall have a reasonable opportunity to scrutinise his efforts with a view to deciding whether or not to endorse them .

Thus far it can be argued that , if and in so far as the objection to the validity of a pretended Act of Parliament is purely procedural , there is no objection to any court ( and not merely the House of Lords ) making such minimal inquiries as are consistent with Parliamentary privilege in order to ensure that the instrument in question was consented to by the two Houses and did receive the Royal Assent .
thus far it can be argued that , if and in so far as the objection to the validity of a pretended act of parliament is purely procedural , there is no objection to any court ( and not merely the house of lords ) making such minimal inquiries as are consistent with parliamentary privilege in order to [make sure] that the instrument in question was consented to by the two houses and did receive the royal assent .

The primary thrust of the Convention is to ensure that human rights are respected in the domestic laws of states parties or , to the extent that they are not and that breaches occur , that such breaches should be remedied by the state in question .
the primary thrust of the convention is to [make sure] that human rights are respected in the domestic laws of states parties or , to the extent that they are not and that breaches occur , that such breaches should be remedied by the state in question .

An accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the Convention .
an accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to [make sure] compliance with the convention .

The Reform Act 1832 had , however , widened the franchise to such an extent that it was no longer feasible to ensure Parliament 's compliance by filling the Commons with placemen .
the reform act 1832 had , however , widened the franchise to such an extent that it was no longer feasible to [make sure] parliament 's compliance by filling the commons with placemen .

The next step is to ensure that they are receiving all the State benefits to which they are entitled ( a subject we shall be examining in more detail later in Chapter 5 ) and that any capital they have is being invested wisely and safely .
the next step is to [make sure] that they are receiving all the state benefits to which they are entitled ( a subject we shall be examining in more detail later in chapter 5 ) and that any capital they have is being invested wisely and safely .

The question of diet generally for elderly people has already been mentioned in Chapter 3 , and all who are trying to ensure that an elderly parent ( particularly one who is living alone ) is eating sensibly know what a difficult problem this is .
the question of diet generally for elderly people has already been mentioned in chapter 3 , and all who are trying to [make sure] that an elderly parent ( particularly one who is living alone ) is eating sensibly know what a difficult problem this is .

Although supplementary pensions and allowances ensure that basic needs are met , those who are entirely dependent upon them certainly suffer some degree of hardship compared with the standard of living of the majority of citizens , and strenuous efforts are being made to raise the level of the government 's ‘ guaranteed income ’ .
although supplementary pensions and allowances [make sure] that basic needs are met , those who are entirely dependent upon them certainly suffer some degree of hardship compared with the standard of living of the majority of citizens , and strenuous efforts are being made to raise the level of the government 's ‘ guaranteed income ’ .

So how can you as a daughter find a way through the maze of difficulties that confronts you when you undertake the care of an elderly parent ? What practical steps can you take to ensure that you can carry out the task you have undertaken with advantage to your parent and without damage to yourself ? And what kind of attitudes can you learn to adopt that are likely to make this possible ?
so how can you as a daughter find a way through the maze of difficulties that confronts you when you undertake the care of an elderly parent ? what practical steps can you take to [make sure] that you can carry out the task you have undertaken with advantage to your parent and without damage to yourself ? and what kind of attitudes can you learn to adopt that are likely to make this possible ?

In recent years we have seen great efforts being made at all levels to ensure that children learn effectively .
in recent years we have seen great efforts being made at all levels to [make sure] that children learn effectively .

In the present climate , when seemingly intelligent and experienced theologians are producing strange and contradictory ideas , we have to exercise some care to ensure against serious distortion of anyone 's words or beliefs .
in the present climate , when seemingly intelligent and experienced theologians are producing strange and contradictory ideas , we have to exercise some care to [make sure] against serious distortion of anyone 's words or beliefs .

The press is uniquely designed to ensure that the pressure exerted is swift — to reduce the skin-contact time — and yet gentle enough to avoid the escape of unfavourable tannins and oils residing naturally in the pips and stalks .
the press is uniquely designed to [make sure] that the pressure exerted is swift — to reduce the skin-contact time — and yet gentle enough to avoid the escape of unfavourable tannins and oils residing naturally in the pips and stalks .

Many vignerons , however , will wait until the fourth or fifth year to avoid over-straining the young vines , which in turn will ensure a longer and more productive life .
many vignerons , however , will wait until the fourth or fifth year to avoid over-straining the young vines , which in turn will [make sure] a longer and more productive life .

Every effort is made to ensure prices are accurate and goods available , but best can not take responsibility for either .
every effort is made to [make sure] prices are accurate and goods available , but best can not take responsibility for either .

Ensure the room is well ventilated to prevent condensation and fungal growth .
[make sure] the room is well ventilated to prevent condensation and fungal growth .

Drain the spaghetti well , return to the pan and add the pesto , mixing thoroughly to ensure the spaghetti is completely coated .
drain the spaghetti well , return to the pan and add the pesto , mixing thoroughly to [make sure] the spaghetti is completely coated .

To ensure you get a place on these sessions bring the free vouchers in the June Showguide to the studio areas on the gallery level and book yourself a place .
to [make sure] you get a place on these sessions bring the free vouchers in the june showguide to the studio areas on the gallery level and book yourself a place .

for the advance which will ensure my scheme 's
for the advance which will [make sure] my scheme 's

These are people who run for buses and put their hands in their pockets to ensure their change does n't jump out .
these are people who run for buses and put their hands in their pockets to [make sure] their change does n't jump out .

Theresa led the way , between grass almost knee-high bordered by a riot of unpruned roses , to the porch , then reached for a key hung high on a nail , less , Dalgliesh supposed , for security reasons than to ensure that it was n't lost .
theresa led the way , between grass almost knee-high bordered by a riot of unpruned roses , to the porch , then reached for a key hung high on a nail , less , dalgliesh supposed , for security reasons than to [make sure] that it was n't lost .

And ensure you have the right tools for the job — a long-handled back-brush or loofah for the bath , or a massage strap in the shower .
and [make sure] you have the right tools for the job — a long-handled back-brush or loofah for the bath , or a massage strap in the shower .

Money Lucky Jupiter and materialistic Venus ensure that you stay afloat financially , despite the fact that you have been careless with cash recently .
money lucky jupiter and materialistic venus [make sure] that you stay afloat financially , despite the fact that you have been careless with cash recently .

As we have seen , it has long been accepted that there is a need for an hierarchical layout of the road system in order to ensure that the type of traffic flowing on each type of road is appropriate for that road .
as we have seen , it has long been accepted that there is a need for an hierarchical layout of the road system in order to [make sure] that the type of traffic flowing on each type of road is appropriate for that road .

Because travelling at walking pace is so rare an experience for car drivers , the Woonerf must be well designed to ensure that the need for low speeds is made very clear .
because travelling at walking pace is so rare an experience for car drivers , the woonerf must be well designed to [make sure] that the need for low speeds is made very clear .

To ensure compliance by motorists , standards for 30 km/h streets were set out by the Ministry of Transport .
to [make sure] compliance by motorists , standards for 30 km/h streets were set out by the ministry of transport .

The next task the document set for itself was to ensure that the word ‘ Verkehrsberuhigung ’ is explained .
the next task the document set for itself was to [make sure] that the word ‘ verkehrsberuhigung ’ is explained .

In Buxtehude , the most common measure is to ensure that the crossing cycle lane is conspicuous , as seen in ( Figure 6.17 ) , with the priority to the right rule giving added protection and often ensuring that cyclists can maintain their pace .
in buxtehude , the most common measure is to [make sure] that the crossing cycle lane is conspicuous , as seen in ( figure 6.17 ) , with the priority to the right rule giving added protection and often ensuring that cyclists can maintain their pace .

Such ‘ Fahrradstrasse ’ are not created as a function of cyclist density , though some attempts have been made to funnel cross-town traffic along them to ensure that motorists are intimidated by the greater volume of cycle traffic .
such ‘ fahrradstrasse ’ are not created as a function of cyclist density , though some attempts have been made to funnel cross-town traffic along them to [make sure] that motorists are intimidated by the greater volume of cycle traffic .

Where speed restraint measures are built , the cycle lane can be carried outside them to ensure that bikes are not slowed in the same way as cars ( Figure 6.26 ) .
where speed restraint measures are built , the cycle lane can be carried outside them to [make sure] that bikes are not slowed in the same way as cars ( figure 6.26 ) .

Speeds are expected to be low — less than 20 km/h in most cases — and entrance ramps , changes in surface materials , and tree and shrub planting may be used to ensure compliance .
speeds are expected to be low — less than 20 km/h in most cases — and entrance ramps , changes in surface materials , and tree and shrub planting may be used to [make sure] compliance .

Some of these are indirect ways of reducing speeds , but nowhere is the direct way used ie a change in the law to bring speed limits below 50 km/h , applied street by street or across a zone , delimited by signs , enforced by the police , publicised widely , and then supported by infrastructural measures to ensure compliance as well as by environmental enhancement to reinforce perception of the changing function of the street to one of pedestrian ownership .
some of these are indirect ways of reducing speeds , but nowhere is the direct way used ie a change in the law to bring speed limits below 50 km/h , applied street by street or across a zone , delimited by signs , enforced by the police , publicised widely , and then supported by infrastructural measures to [make sure] compliance as well as by environmental enhancement to reinforce perception of the changing function of the street to one of pedestrian ownership .

Ramsay , for example , has promoted the concept of the sheltered footpath which , analogous to sheltered housing , would meet the special needs of the disabled.50 Others would argue that in all new pedestrian provision the opportunity must be taken to ensure that the appropriate design guidelines are followed from the outset in providing dropped kerbs at junctions , ramps , tactile information , acoustic signals , and continuity of surface for the chairbound , thus integrating the disabled into a new , safe and inviting environment for all walkers .
ramsay , for example , has promoted the concept of the sheltered footpath which , analogous to sheltered housing , would meet the special needs of the disabled.50 others would argue that in all new pedestrian provision the opportunity must be taken to [make sure] that the appropriate design guidelines are followed from the outset in providing dropped kerbs at junctions , ramps , tactile information , acoustic signals , and continuity of surface for the chairbound , thus integrating the disabled into a new , safe and inviting environment for all walkers .

To ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .
to [make sure] shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .

Care must be taken to ensure that speed-reducing obstacles such as humps can be avoided by the cyclist , to whom they are irritating and dangerous .
care must be taken to [make sure] that speed-reducing obstacles such as humps can be avoided by the cyclist , to whom they are irritating and dangerous .

However , you can also be firm , to ensure one child does not spoil the party for the rest .
however , you can also be firm , to [make sure] one child does not spoil the party for the rest .

Children enjoy a variety of savoury food as well as sweet things so it is important to ensure there is a good balance .
children enjoy a variety of savoury food as well as sweet things so it is important to [make sure] there is a good balance .

Mr. Barron described it as ‘ an inevitable financial black hole ’ , but reiterated his party 's plans to raise investment to ensure that all services were free .
mr. barron described it as ‘ an inevitable financial black hole ’ , but reiterated his party 's plans to raise investment to [make sure] that all services were free .

The report admitted : ‘ There are problems associated with this since it is difficult to ensure that feral pigeons only are taken since some birds may be ringed and belong to pigeon fanciers .
the report admitted : ‘ there are problems associated with this since it is difficult to [make sure] that feral pigeons only are taken since some birds may be ringed and belong to pigeon fanciers .

He said they could ensure British business was genuinely competitive only by notifying his office of any suspect cartels .
he said they could [make sure] british business was genuinely competitive only by notifying his office of any suspect cartels .

Anyone interested in the figurative tradition in modern British art and in art education in its broadest sense should ensure that they visit the retrospective of this fascinating and influential painter .
anyone interested in the figurative tradition in modern british art and in art education in its broadest sense should [make sure] that they visit the retrospective of this fascinating and influential painter .

All you have to do is to ensure that you have sufficient work of the agreed type and standard and that it is framed and presented as required .
all you have to do is to [make sure] that you have sufficient work of the agreed type and standard and that it is framed and presented as required .

When you have found a suitable place , ensure that you understand the terms involved and , if applicable , what commitment of time , money , display screens or whatever , you will have to provide .
when you have found a suitable place , [make sure] that you understand the terms involved and , if applicable , what commitment of time , money , display screens or whatever , you will have to provide .

The strategy consisted not of ministerial diktat but the progressive application of pressure on LEAs to ensure that the school curriculum in their areas was in line with a real or imagined consensus about what pupils should learn at school .
the strategy consisted not of ministerial diktat but the progressive application of pressure on leas to [make sure] that the school curriculum in their areas was in line with a real or imagined consensus about what pupils should learn at school .

Some of these central support groups worked in collaboration with local support groups of teachers and others in an effort to ensure that the centrally endorsed materials were rooted in classroom experience .
some of these central support groups worked in collaboration with local support groups of teachers and others in an effort to [make sure] that the centrally endorsed materials were rooted in classroom experience .

It calls for more careful selection procedures to ensure that the ‘ right ’ sort of personalities enter training for the profession .
it calls for more careful selection procedures to [make sure] that the ‘ right ’ sort of personalities enter training for the profession .

In spite of the Department 's ‘ determination to ensure that new research projects should include suggestions as to the best means of dissemination' ( para. 261 ) the Committee believed , from their evidence , that ‘ many social workers go about their complex tasks unaware of research findings which might influence and assist their decisions ’ . As Roy Parker had said in 1980 :
in spite of the department 's ‘ determination to [make sure] that new research projects should include suggestions as to the best means of dissemination' ( para. 261 ) the committee believed , from their evidence , that ‘ many social workers go about their complex tasks unaware of research findings which might influence and assist their decisions ’ . as roy parker had said in 1980 :

In view of the disadvantage which being in care all too often represents , that may sometimes mean making a special effort to ensure the quality of education given to children in care .
in view of the disadvantage which being in care all too often represents , that may sometimes mean making a special effort to [make sure] the quality of education given to children in care .

When the research knowledge is sufficiently conclusive , we can use findings to construct checklists , scales and indicators which can ensure that practitioners consider all factors pertinent to a situation and alert us to danger signs .
when the research knowledge is sufficiently conclusive , we can use findings to construct checklists , scales and indicators which can [make sure] that practitioners consider all factors pertinent to a situation and alert us to danger signs .

It is to be hoped that in the light of the Cleveland Report 's comment that ‘ the child is a person and not an object of concern ’ ( Secretary of State for Social Services , 1988 , p.245 ) that urgent efforts will be made to ensure that the child 's views and perceptions of practice are articulated via sensitively designed research .
it is to be hoped that in the light of the cleveland report 's comment that ‘ the child is a person and not an object of concern ’ ( secretary of state for social services , 1988 , p.245 ) that urgent efforts will be made to [make sure] that the child 's views and perceptions of practice are articulated via sensitively designed research .

The second is maintenance — the group organises further deals with vendors to ensure that customers receive upgrades , updates and patches .
the second is maintenance — the group organises further deals with vendors to [make sure] that customers receive upgrades , updates and patches .

If nothing else , the system helped to ensure that incompetence — even failure — would be achieved nobly in later life .
if nothing else , the system helped to [make sure] that incompetence — even failure — would be achieved nobly in later life .

It may well be the case , however , that to some degree fear of political change does inhibit civil servants , so that in order to ensure continuity they will only promote policies which they judge both major parties will accept .
it may well be the case , however , that to some degree fear of political change does inhibit civil servants , so that in order to [make sure] continuity they will only promote policies which they judge both major parties will accept .

The spot size should be at least 3 mm and energy density 5–8 J/cm to ensure deep injury of ectatic vessels .
the spot size should be at least 3 mm and energy density 5–8 j/cm to [make sure] deep injury of ectatic vessels .

Children on waiting lists should be reassessed to ensure that intervention is still required .
children on waiting lists should be reassessed to [make sure] that intervention is still required .

The interviewer uses a checklist to ensure that specific areas are covered , requesting explanations or introducing new topics as necessary .
the interviewer uses a checklist to [make sure] that specific areas are covered , requesting explanations or introducing new topics as necessary .

Quite clearly it was for me to initiate action to ensure that all aircraft of that type were checked for similar fractures at the earliest possible moment , but the responsibility for ordering such an inspection lies with the airworthiness authorities of the States in which the aircraft were registered and not with the accident investigation authorities .
quite clearly it was for me to initiate action to [make sure] that all aircraft of that type were checked for similar fractures at the earliest possible moment , but the responsibility for ordering such an inspection lies with the airworthiness authorities of the states in which the aircraft were registered and not with the accident investigation authorities .

What you can and must do , however , is ensure that all the investigators are expert in every sense in the techniques of investigation and au fait with all aspects of operating modern aircraft , particularly the large public transport types , but they must also have access to reliable and impartial specialists in the type of aircraft concerned .
what you can and must do , however , is [make sure] that all the investigators are expert in every sense in the techniques of investigation and au fait with all aspects of operating modern aircraft , particularly the large public transport types , but they must also have access to reliable and impartial specialists in the type of aircraft concerned .

It was one of my responsibilities as Deputy Chief to ensure that the standard of efficiency of all members of the Branch was maintained .
it was one of my responsibilities as deputy chief to [make sure] that the standard of efficiency of all members of the branch was maintained .

The draftees of the regulations foresaw the possibility of misgivings with the inspector 's investigation so they incorporated a number of safeguards which would , they hoped , ensure fair play .
the draftees of the regulations foresaw the possibility of misgivings with the inspector 's investigation so they incorporated a number of safeguards which would , they hoped , [make sure] fair play .

All these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the regulations .
all these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to [make sure] that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the regulations .

What they lose sight of is that the only possible justification of the expense of supporting these vast bureaucratic machines is to ensure that the necessary high standard of safety is established and maintained .
what they lose sight of is that the only possible justification of the expense of supporting these vast bureaucratic machines is to [make sure] that the necessary high standard of safety is established and maintained .

Of course my main concern in the late 1970s was to ensure that aircraft accidents were properly investigated and that sufficient importance was being attached to recommendations for the prevention of more accidents .
of course my main concern in the late 1970s was to [make sure] that aircraft accidents were properly investigated and that sufficient importance was being attached to recommendations for the prevention of more accidents .

It is the duty of the police in most countries to ensure that only authorised people have access to the accident site , and the fire and rescue services should be properly briefed not to disturb wreckage unnecessarily when removing victims , baggage or mail .
it is the duty of the police in most countries to [make sure] that only authorised people have access to the accident site , and the fire and rescue services should be properly briefed not to disturb wreckage unnecessarily when removing victims , baggage or mail .

This investment will increase over the next two years though , Potter said , to maintain growth and ensure that the company remains competitive .
this investment will increase over the next two years though , potter said , to maintain growth and [make sure] that the company remains competitive .

The Infomatics Resource Centre reserves the right to alter any part of the published programme if this is necessitated by circumstances outside our control : we will use our best efforts to ensure that the programme as altered remains comparable with the published format .
the infomatics resource centre reserves the right to alter any part of the published programme if this is necessitated by circumstances outside our control : we will use our best efforts to [make sure] that the programme as altered remains comparable with the published format .

And it will be obvious to the person receiving your letter that you 've given it priority treatment , to ensure a speedy arrival .
and it will be obvious to the person receiving your letter that you 've given it priority treatment , to [make sure] a speedy arrival .

We are working to ensure that in future all paints have even less effect on the environment .
we are working to [make sure] that in future all paints have even less effect on the environment .

Limited numbers at the Dr Karrass Effective Negotiating Workshop ensure that you get the most out of the two day sessions .
limited numbers at the dr karrass effective negotiating workshop [make sure] that you get the most out of the two day sessions .

The countries may be familiar to you but we will ensure you 'll see rather more of them .
the countries may be familiar to you but we will [make sure] you 'll see rather more of them .

Sand that 's measured to ensure the right grain size for maximum strength and exceptional beauty .
sand that 's measured to [make sure] the right grain size for maximum strength and exceptional beauty .

Our data is collected , validated and checked by a 120 strong team — using multiple sources to ensure reliability .
our data is collected , validated and checked by a 120 strong team — using multiple sources to [make sure] reliability .

The 1989 Declaration of Bonuses will once again ensure that the amounts payable under maturing Standard Life policies will compare extremely favourably with those payable under comparable policies issued by other life offices .
the 1989 declaration of bonuses will once again [make sure] that the amounts payable under maturing standard life policies will compare extremely favourably with those payable under comparable policies issued by other life offices .

Our Permaplay copies complement our quality videotronic machines to ensure excellent reproduction .
our permaplay copies complement our quality videotronic machines to [make sure] excellent reproduction .

But again , do check first to ensure that the fabric can withstand steam and high temperatures , as certain fabrics are not suitable for steam cleaning .
but again , do check first to [make sure] that the fabric can withstand steam and high temperatures , as certain fabrics are not suitable for steam cleaning .

To ensure that Porsche drivers enjoy greater response and surer handling , the engineers also decided to use electronic sensors to monitor each wheel .
to [make sure] that porsche drivers enjoy greater response and surer handling , the engineers also decided to use electronic sensors to monitor each wheel .

Unencumbered by rating rules , the Swan 55 has a voluminous hull , shallow draft and sufficient sheer and freeboard for dry and comfortable cruising , yet her modern bulb keel , fast Frers ' underbody and large sail area ensure unparalleled performance .
unencumbered by rating rules , the swan 55 has a voluminous hull , shallow draft and sufficient sheer and freeboard for dry and comfortable cruising , yet her modern bulb keel , fast frers ' underbody and large sail area [make sure] unparalleled performance .

Delegates from Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth told a meeting in Manchester hosted by a group of ‘ nuclear free ’ local authorities that they would be pressing the Government to ensure the money is not diverted for this purpose .
delegates from greenpeace and friends of the earth told a meeting in manchester hosted by a group of ‘ nuclear free ’ local authorities that they would be pressing the government to [make sure] the money is not diverted for this purpose .

It has been set up to ensure the future of small woodlands by finding markets for the produce of traditional management practices , such as coppicing , which also improve wildlife habitat .
it has been set up to [make sure] the future of small woodlands by finding markets for the produce of traditional management practices , such as coppicing , which also improve wildlife habitat .

To ensure you get a place on these sessions bring the free vouchers in the June Showguide to the studio areas on the gallery level and book yourself a place .
to [make sure] you get a place on these sessions bring the free vouchers in the june showguide to the studio areas on the gallery level and book yourself a place .

It will be essential to drill shallow boreholes between the exploratory wells to ensure that any steeply dipping fractures are not missed by the tomographic software .
it will be essential to drill shallow boreholes between the exploratory wells to [make sure] that any steeply dipping fractures are not missed by the tomographic software .

David McCathie fought back from 22–12 down at 17 ends and almost pulled off a five on the last which would have secured another point for Essex but Paul Maynard continued his winning momentum to ensure the overall venue win .
david mccathie fought back from 22–12 down at 17 ends and almost pulled off a five on the last which would have secured another point for essex but paul maynard continued his winning momentum to [make sure] the overall venue win .

By really understanding our Buyers ' needs we cut out time wasting and abortive visits and ensure you pay no more than the correct price in this mixed market .
by really understanding our buyers ' needs we cut out time wasting and abortive visits and [make sure] you pay no more than the correct price in this mixed market .

Businessmen still referred to the O-level , he said , and it would be difficult to make them understand the new way and ensure all attainment levels , from the beginning of the National Curriculum at the age of seven to the end at 16 , were fair and consistent .
businessmen still referred to the o-level , he said , and it would be difficult to make them understand the new way and [make sure] all attainment levels , from the beginning of the national curriculum at the age of seven to the end at 16 , were fair and consistent .

The pervasive and complex systems of economic dependency in developed countries ensure that we are interdependent in innumerable critical ways and may readily be made to feel powerless .
the pervasive and complex systems of economic dependency in developed countries [make sure] that we are interdependent in innumerable critical ways and may readily be made to feel powerless .

Where private care is offered by private employment agencies , central control is already being exerted under the Employment Agencies Act but local authorities do need to monitor the performance of whatever scheme is being operated and ensure that gaps in provision are identified and filled .
where private care is offered by private employment agencies , central control is already being exerted under the employment agencies act but local authorities do need to monitor the performance of whatever scheme is being operated and [make sure] that gaps in provision are identified and filled .

This would be to ensure that , through the vagaries of voluntary or private developments , some old people are not left stranded .
this would be to [make sure] that , through the vagaries of voluntary or private developments , some old people are not left stranded .

Furthermore , it is the responsibility of formal carers to ensure that the least attractive and approachable of the old people , if they need help , are not neglected by informal care systems or , if that is unavoidable , that they are helped in other ways .
furthermore , it is the responsibility of formal carers to [make sure] that the least attractive and approachable of the old people , if they need help , are not neglected by informal care systems or , if that is unavoidable , that they are helped in other ways .

These ensure systematic assessment , and can be tested for reliability and validity .
these [make sure] systematic assessment , and can be tested for reliability and validity .

Before yesterday 's hearing Mr McTear , gasping for breath , said his goal was to ensure youngsters did not take up the habit and go through his ordeal .
before yesterday 's hearing mr mctear , gasping for breath , said his goal was to [make sure] youngsters did not take up the habit and go through his ordeal .

The Asylum Bill , published in November 1991 , intended to ensure ‘ a substantial acceleration and simplification of the procedures used to deal with applications for asylum ’ .
the asylum bill , published in november 1991 , intended to [make sure] ‘ a substantial acceleration and simplification of the procedures used to deal with applications for asylum ’ .

The task now is to ensure that the incoming Government acts swiftly to introduce a fair and effective Asylum Bill , after full and proper consultation .
the task now is to [make sure] that the incoming government acts swiftly to introduce a fair and effective asylum bill , after full and proper consultation .

It could also ensure that allegations of torture , rape and deaths in custody are impartially investigated , that those responsible are brought to justice and that the victims and their families are compensated .
it could also [make sure] that allegations of torture , rape and deaths in custody are impartially investigated , that those responsible are brought to justice and that the victims and their families are compensated .

Manufacturing processes which employ the very latest technology ensure high quality products which will give many years of reliable service .
manufacturing processes which employ the very latest technology [make sure] high quality products which will give many years of reliable service .

And to ensure that everything has its place , we 've provided a storage compartment beneath the oven , with ample room for the meat tin that is supplied with the Apex .
and to [make sure] that everything has its place , we 've provided a storage compartment beneath the oven , with ample room for the meat tin that is supplied with the apex .

This hood is designed for efficiency and durability in any kitchen and is built from the toughest heat resistant materials and the powerful fan ensure that it will continue to look good and carry on working where other hoods might give up .
this hood is designed for efficiency and durability in any kitchen and is built from the toughest heat resistant materials and the powerful fan [make sure] that it will continue to look good and carry on working where other hoods might give up .

Recognising the problems associated with calcium deficiency facing women particularly , English Grains Healthcare formulated a dietary supplement called Calcia to ensure your calcium intake keeps pace with your body 's needs .
recognising the problems associated with calcium deficiency facing women particularly , english grains healthcare formulated a dietary supplement called calcia to [make sure] your calcium intake keeps pace with your body 's needs .

The preparations within the programme are easy to apply which helps to ensure that delicate skin tissues are not damaged in any way during application .
the preparations within the programme are easy to apply which helps to [make sure] that delicate skin tissues are not damaged in any way during application .

As the skin matures these fibres become distorted , causing loss of elasticity which often results in wrinkles & lines and should be supplemented to ensure a younger , smoother look and feel .
as the skin matures these fibres become distorted , causing loss of elasticity which often results in wrinkles & lines and should be supplemented to [make sure] a younger , smoother look and feel .

We believe that only furniture designers who are skilled in every aspect of kitchen design and construction can ensure that your commission reflects your taste and your needs down to the last detail .
we believe that only furniture designers who are skilled in every aspect of kitchen design and construction can [make sure] that your commission reflects your taste and your needs down to the last detail .

The same principles of design , quality and attention to detail ensure that Miele kitchens offer much more than meets the eye .
the same principles of design , quality and attention to detail [make sure] that miele kitchens offer much more than meets the eye .

Small things to many , but at Miele excellence of design and construction ensure a kitchen whose performance will remain faultless and give pleasure for life , which has been our philosophy since we introduced major kitchen appliances at the turn of the century .
small things to many , but at miele excellence of design and construction [make sure] a kitchen whose performance will remain faultless and give pleasure for life , which has been our philosophy since we introduced major kitchen appliances at the turn of the century .

‘ We have agreed to run an open selection process to ensure that the panel is representative of our community and balanced in every way . ’
‘ we have agreed to run an open selection process to [make sure] that the panel is representative of our community and balanced in every way . ’

People in some parts of the world assume that their basic human rights are inherent and seldom pause to question what they are or how to ensure that they will be available to future generations .
people in some parts of the world assume that their basic human rights are inherent and seldom pause to question what they are or how to [make sure] that they will be available to future generations .

Others face the daily reality of human rights violations and need strategies to ensure that their rights are recognised and protected .
others face the daily reality of human rights violations and need strategies to [make sure] that their rights are recognised and protected .

Wordsworth 's ‘ retirement ’ to the Lakes begins to look less like a retreat than a strategic withdrawal to ensure survival .
wordsworth 's ‘ retirement ’ to the lakes begins to look less like a retreat than a strategic withdrawal to [make sure] survival .

There is special occasion here for sadness — for a sad ending — for what is needed to save and protect , to ensure against suffering and further unpleasant consequence , is not in any way obscure .
there is special occasion here for sadness — for a sad ending — for what is needed to save and protect , to [make sure] against suffering and further unpleasant consequence , is not in any way obscure .

Although intervention by the state on a wide and varied front once saved capitalism , there is now a resistance to the state action that is necessary to ensure an economically successful and socially tranquil future .
although intervention by the state on a wide and varied front once saved capitalism , there is now a resistance to the state action that is necessary to [make sure] an economically successful and socially tranquil future .

One essential requirement , before attempting to fly a model equipped with a gyro for the first time , is to ensure that the gyro is working in the correct sense .
one essential requirement , before attempting to fly a model equipped with a gyro for the first time , is to [make sure] that the gyro is working in the correct sense .

Here you simply ensure that the mechanical linkage will give more than sufficient control and then adjust the radio transmitter in suit .
here you simply [make sure] that the mechanical linkage will give more than sufficient control and then adjust the radio transmitter in suit .

Adjustments may then be made to ensure that both tips are at the same height above the same point without the model being moved ( Fig.4.3 ) .
adjustments may then be made to [make sure] that both tips are at the same height above the same point without the model being moved ( fig.4.3 ) .

Whenever the model touches the ground , always try to ensure that it does so in a level , or slightly nose down , attitude .
whenever the model touches the ground , always try to [make sure] that it does so in a level , or slightly nose down , attitude .

, but do ensure that it is not large enough to cause problems if the model should touch it .
, but do [make sure] that it is not large enough to cause problems if the model should touch it .

My solution to this problem during early circuits was deliberately to make a steep slipping turn into wind to ensure a high airspeed ( Fig .
my solution to this problem during early circuits was deliberately to make a steep slipping turn into wind to [make sure] a high airspeed ( fig .

Reduce power enough to ensure a rate of descent which will bring the model down to ground level just in front of you .
reduce power enough to [make sure] a rate of descent which will bring the model down to ground level just in front of you .

However , this relationship has not so far been sufficiently investigated to ensure that a given design will be stable in fast forward flight .
however , this relationship has not so far been sufficiently investigated to [make sure] that a given design will be stable in fast forward flight .

So we are left once more with the need for some form of realignment of the opposition forces to ensure that the non-Tory majority in votes is better reflected in seats in the House of Commons .
so we are left once more with the need for some form of realignment of the opposition forces to [make sure] that the non-tory majority in votes is better reflected in seats in the house of commons .

Only drastic curbs on foreigners would prevent the misuse and injury of German citizens , and ensure their safety and their gemeinwesen ( communal essence ) .
only drastic curbs on foreigners would prevent the misuse and injury of german citizens , and [make sure] their safety and their gemeinwesen ( communal essence ) .

If this advice had been taken , we would now have a Labour government with Liberal Democrat support , and the two parties would jointly be working on reforms to the voting system to ensure that it more accurately represents the will of the people .
if this advice had been taken , we would now have a labour government with liberal democrat support , and the two parties would jointly be working on reforms to the voting system to [make sure] that it more accurately represents the will of the people .

This was to give it movement and life and to ensure that the focus of attention was never blurred tor the audience .
this was to give it movement and life and to [make sure] that the focus of attention was never blurred tor the audience .

Lip-curling japes ensure as Newt firs tries to evict the compulsively fanciful Gwen , then agrees to go along with her charade , just to make his intended fiancée jealous .
lip-curling japes [make sure] as newt firs tries to evict the compulsively fanciful gwen , then agrees to go along with her charade , just to make his intended fiancée jealous .

This does n't mean that any Tom , Dick or Sheila can get a degree — far from it — stringent measures are being taken to ensure quality control .
this does n't mean that any tom , dick or sheila can get a degree — far from it — stringent measures are being taken to [make sure] quality control .

It warns that there must be careful planning to ensure an orderly rundown .
it warns that there must be careful planning to [make sure] an orderly rundown .

Management skills and systems development to ensure efficient use of resources in a more dispersed service and better targeting of health need
management skills and systems development to [make sure] efficient use of resources in a more dispersed service and better targeting of health need

‘ There is obviously going to be displacement of people as specialist sites are concentrated , ’ says Ms Brown , adding that it would be necessary to ensure that the right amount of nursing support and training is available as the displacement of nurses takes place .
‘ there is obviously going to be displacement of people as specialist sites are concentrated , ’ says ms brown , adding that it would be necessary to [make sure] that the right amount of nursing support and training is available as the displacement of nurses takes place .

She suggests a ‘ clearing house ’ across London to be set up to ensure that , if nurses are no longer required in one hospital , there is a mechanism to collate the information and pinpoint areas where their skills are needed .
she suggests a ‘ clearing house ’ across london to be set up to [make sure] that , if nurses are no longer required in one hospital , there is a mechanism to collate the information and pinpoint areas where their skills are needed .

The contents were debated , amended and finalised in a meeting of the home owners and managers to ensure that it met the needs of both participants and employers .
the contents were debated , amended and finalised in a meeting of the home owners and managers to [make sure] that it met the needs of both participants and employers .

The type of care given must be monitored to ensure the best results .
the type of care given must be monitored to [make sure] the best results .

It is often assumed that clients interfere with their ulcers between treatments to ensure the community nurse will revisit and meet their need for social contact .
it is often assumed that clients interfere with their ulcers between treatments to [make sure] the community nurse will revisit and meet their need for social contact .

Ensure antibiotics are being taken as prescribed
[make sure] antibiotics are being taken as prescribed

Assessment was carried out two days after the application of the dressing to ensure no adverse reaction had occurred , and then continued weekly .
assessment was carried out two days after the application of the dressing to [make sure] no adverse reaction had occurred , and then continued weekly .

Whatever our beliefs , our subconscious mind will ensure that they are confirmed , over and over again , until we get the message : our beliefs create our experiences .
whatever our beliefs , our subconscious mind will [make sure] that they are confirmed , over and over again , until we get the message : our beliefs create our experiences .

The South African was looking for this patterning , to ensure they had not been foisted off with sand-blasted bottle-glass or the other principal substitute , cubic zirconia .
the south african was looking for this patterning , to [make sure] they had not been foisted off with sand-blasted bottle-glass or the other principal substitute , cubic zirconia .

Everyone will be free to enjoy themselves as they wish , but we shall be arranging a programme of optional sightseeing excursions and activities on a daily basis , which will ensure you miss nothing of the best the region has to offer .
everyone will be free to enjoy themselves as they wish , but we shall be arranging a programme of optional sightseeing excursions and activities on a daily basis , which will [make sure] you miss nothing of the best the region has to offer .

Article 6 provides that a contracting state such as Libya must take suspects into custody or take other measures to ensure their presence ‘ as provided in the domestic law of that state ’ — as Libya has done .
article 6 provides that a contracting state such as libya must take suspects into custody or take other measures to [make sure] their presence ‘ as provided in the domestic law of that state ’ — as libya has done .

Last Friday 's shambles , when Joyce Gould effectively re-wrote the leadership contest nomination rules to try to ensure that a leadership contest actually took place , was merely the nadir of a process that has seen the people 's party acting according to the slogan of ‘ all power to the apparatchiks ’ , and losing its soul , its sense of purpose , much of its membership — and the general election — along the way .
last friday 's shambles , when joyce gould effectively re-wrote the leadership contest nomination rules to try to [make sure] that a leadership contest actually took place , was merely the nadir of a process that has seen the people 's party acting according to the slogan of ‘ all power to the apparatchiks ’ , and losing its soul , its sense of purpose , much of its membership — and the general election — along the way .

He had beaten the communists in the race to appropriate the resistance and thereby ensure a legitimate power base .
he had beaten the communists in the race to appropriate the resistance and thereby [make sure] a legitimate power base .

It is finding that the phrase ‘ equal opportunity ’ is usually a meaningless compromise ; if the good things of life are really dependent on opportunity — which everyone knows they are not ; would the rich and powerful really be so careless ? — what human agency has the hubris to imagine it can deal out opportunity in a fair or even meritorious fashion ? The catch phrase ‘ equality of opportunity ’ is a delusion , concealing not only the injustice of our social hierarchy but also how much effort is put in by conservative forces to ensure it remains unjust .
it is finding that the phrase ‘ equal opportunity ’ is usually a meaningless compromise ; if the good things of life are really dependent on opportunity — which everyone knows they are not ; would the rich and powerful really be so careless ? — what human agency has the hubris to imagine it can deal out opportunity in a fair or even meritorious fashion ? the catch phrase ‘ equality of opportunity ’ is a delusion , concealing not only the injustice of our social hierarchy but also how much effort is put in by conservative forces to [make sure] it remains unjust .

Whereas in the past technological developments led to the emergence of new occupational groups , often with some measure of occupational control and , in the most recent past , usually making claims to some professional standing ( for example , the rise of the various branches of traditional engineering ) , we argue that in the future it is likely that employers will try to ensure that new jobs do not lead to the creation of new occupations as such , and especially not new occupations which will be allowed any measure of occupational control .
whereas in the past technological developments led to the emergence of new occupational groups , often with some measure of occupational control and , in the most recent past , usually making claims to some professional standing ( for example , the rise of the various branches of traditional engineering ) , we argue that in the future it is likely that employers will try to [make sure] that new jobs do not lead to the creation of new occupations as such , and especially not new occupations which will be allowed any measure of occupational control .

They subdivided the work further in order to ensure that there were aspects of the job that only the owners knew how to do .
they subdivided the work further in order to [make sure] that there were aspects of the job that only the owners knew how to do .

Given this opposition of interests , management will desire better knowledge of worker performance in order to ensure higher output .
given this opposition of interests , management will desire better knowledge of worker performance in order to [make sure] higher output .

These were recorded on charts and he recommended the appointment of speed and feed men who would ensure that the optimum rates were adhered to .
these were recorded on charts and he recommended the appointment of speed and feed men who would [make sure] that the optimum rates were adhered to .

There was thus a legal obligation to ensure the packets did not fall below the required weight , but on the other hand the company did not want to give free biscuits to customers by making the packets heavier than necessary .
there was thus a legal obligation to [make sure] the packets did not fall below the required weight , but on the other hand the company did not want to give free biscuits to customers by making the packets heavier than necessary .

Social workers , she says , have a primary responsibility to ensure that the case conference has information relating to the family background , and the parents ' views on the issues .
social workers , she says , have a primary responsibility to [make sure] that the case conference has information relating to the family background , and the parents ' views on the issues .

The ‘ Effective Intervention ’ document says all agencies should ensure there are clear procedures for parents to follow , and that information about these procedures should be provided .
the ‘ effective intervention ’ document says all agencies should [make sure] there are clear procedures for parents to follow , and that information about these procedures should be provided .

The Reporter , although not necessarily a lawyer , must ensure that the Hearings stay within the legal framework .
the reporter , although not necessarily a lawyer , must [make sure] that the hearings stay within the legal framework .

So to lighten our load and ensure that your answer is passed on quickly would you please put each response in a separate envelope with the name of the reader it is addressed to on the front .
so to lighten our load and [make sure] that your answer is passed on quickly would you please put each response in a separate envelope with the name of the reader it is addressed to on the front .

Thus the work is varied and interesting , and the rapid changes in climatic conditions that sometimes afflict the islands ensure continuous concentration on the basics of safe operation .
thus the work is varied and interesting , and the rapid changes in climatic conditions that sometimes afflict the islands [make sure] continuous concentration on the basics of safe operation .

She may have originated with the notion of human sacrifice to ensure plentiful crops , for her actions were often bloodthirsty .
she may have originated with the notion of human sacrifice to [make sure] plentiful crops , for her actions were often bloodthirsty .

Her personal attendants are the graceful Hons , who ensure that the seasons and events follow their allotted schedule .
her personal attendants are the graceful hons , who [make sure] that the seasons and events follow their allotted schedule .

The commander explained to the Dictator that the ship had come only to ensure the safety of British subjects and not to interfere in the situation in Madeira .
the commander explained to the dictator that the ship had come only to [make sure] the safety of british subjects and not to interfere in the situation in madeira .

We must ensure government is brought closer to the people and communities it is elected to serve .
we must [make sure] government is brought closer to the people and communities it is elected to serve .

‘ The purpose of this , Mr Mayor , ’ the future premier wrote stiffly , ‘ is to ensure that there is similarity between the standards of exterior decorations for the general benefit of all our tenants .
‘ the purpose of this , mr mayor , ’ the future premier wrote stiffly , ‘ is to [make sure] that there is similarity between the standards of exterior decorations for the general benefit of all our tenants .

The target voters inhabit the Market estate , a council block so cunningly customised to ensure its residents ' safety that getting in is more exacting than gaining entry to a Tory press conference .
the target voters inhabit the market estate , a council block so cunningly customised to [make sure] its residents ' safety that getting in is more exacting than gaining entry to a tory press conference .

When satisfied , look along the whole length and ensure that the wood grain does not run off the true length .
when satisfied , look along the whole length and [make sure] that the wood grain does not run off the true length .

All of these special shapes require very special bridling to ensure stable flight .
all of these special shapes require very special bridling to [make sure] stable flight .

Some people object to having their property scanned by an airborne eye , so ensure that proper permission is obtained before snapping at random .
some people object to having their property scanned by an airborne eye , so [make sure] that proper permission is obtained before snapping at random .

All of these sizes are theoretical and err on the generous side to ensure a safe and floating descent , but they can not take into account any climatic influence .
all of these sizes are theoretical and err on the generous side to [make sure] a safe and floating descent , but they can not take into account any climatic influence .

Ensure that there is no interference with the centre bridles .
[make sure] that there is no interference with the centre bridles .

So to ensure that the tip panels were reflexed , and the trailing edge was taut , extra stand-offs or stretchers ( Flexifoil called theirs ‘ Flexors ’ on the Scorpion ) came into vogue .
so to [make sure] that the tip panels were reflexed , and the trailing edge was taut , extra stand-offs or stretchers ( flexifoil called theirs ‘ flexors ’ on the scorpion ) came into vogue .

At each stage , ensure that the bridle lines are free of the spars , but secure at their proper anchor points .
at each stage , [make sure] that the bridle lines are free of the spars , but secure at their proper anchor points .

The most important pre-flight check is to ensure that you pick up the handles so that right and left align with the correct bridles .
the most important pre-flight check is to [make sure] that you pick up the handles so that right and left align with the correct bridles .

The Golden Rule is to ensure that you have Mother Nature on your side , or rather , on your back .
the golden rule is to [make sure] that you have mother nature on your side , or rather , on your back .

How to ensure that he came out ?
how to [make sure] that he came out ?

Balliol 's party had gained enough of a start to almost ensure their escape .
balliol 's party had gained enough of a start to almost [make sure] their escape .

Then , weary but triumphant , with sufficient guards set and scouting parties out to ensure that no possible rallying of the enemy endangered them , the victors were given one final item of news before they couched down to sleep .
then , weary but triumphant , with sufficient guards set and scouting parties out to [make sure] that no possible rallying of the enemy endangered them , the victors were given one final item of news before they couched down to sleep .

However , no pursuit was in evidence , although they maintained patrols behind them as well as on the flanks to ensure early warning .
however , no pursuit was in evidence , although they maintained patrols behind them as well as on the flanks to [make sure] early warning .

He was willing , if they gave him a suitable hostage to ensure their good faith , to allow Berwick ten more days of siege , whereafter , if they were not relieved by the so-called Regent , they must surrender .
he was willing , if they gave him a suitable hostage to [make sure] their good faith , to allow berwick ten more days of siege , whereafter , if they were not relieved by the so-called regent , they must surrender .

It was suggested that some form of social or governmental control could be used to ensure access to the media for all viewpoints .
it was suggested that some form of social or governmental control could be used to [make sure] access to the media for all viewpoints .

The Government needed control over the media , or to have that control in reserve , not only in order to prevent such support of minority interests but also to ensure that the vitally important class of entrepreneurs and middle-level professional executive people — whose loyalty was vital to the success of any government policy — should be won over to the cause or , at the very least , not be encouraged to oppose government policies .
the government needed control over the media , or to have that control in reserve , not only in order to prevent such support of minority interests but also to [make sure] that the vitally important class of entrepreneurs and middle-level professional executive people — whose loyalty was vital to the success of any government policy — should be won over to the cause or , at the very least , not be encouraged to oppose government policies .

If the ownership of rivers and lakes were as well de fined as houses and factories , then the law of tort and contract would ensure that their owners were in a position to take legal action against any company which pumped effluent into them .
if the ownership of rivers and lakes were as well de fined as houses and factories , then the law of tort and contract would [make sure] that their owners were in a position to take legal action against any company which pumped effluent into them .

In order to ensure the supply of food to these markets the government established buying agencies at a national level and prohibited the transport of agricultural products between different provinces without official authorisation .
in order to [make sure] the supply of food to these markets the government established buying agencies at a national level and prohibited the transport of agricultural products between different provinces without official authorisation .

The major objectives of this system were to guarantee the individual a measure of economic security and to ensure that each family was not permanently debarred from participating in the economic life of the nation through temporary misfortune .
the major objectives of this system were to guarantee the individual a measure of economic security and to [make sure] that each family was not permanently debarred from participating in the economic life of the nation through temporary misfortune .

Because of this the Judaeo-Christian world-view recognises the need to create political and economic structures which ensure that the family is not debarred from a permanent interest in economic life .
because of this the judaeo-christian world-view recognises the need to create political and economic structures which [make sure] that the family is not debarred from a permanent interest in economic life .

The aim here is not to encourage hauliers to do their own conveyancing , but to ensure they are better equipped to appreciate what the solicitor or other ‘ expert ’ is doing on their behalf .
the aim here is not to encourage hauliers to do their own conveyancing , but to [make sure] they are better equipped to appreciate what the solicitor or other ‘ expert ’ is doing on their behalf .

Accordingly , proper legal advice should be taken to ensure all protection available is actually taken advantage of .
accordingly , proper legal advice should be taken to [make sure] all protection available is actually taken advantage of .

To ensure that the body follows the words you must believe/feel what you are saying , in other words you must be genuine .
to [make sure] that the body follows the words you must believe/feel what you are saying , in other words you must be genuine .

You will need to ensure that you get job satisfaction , and problems can arise which will need to be faced .
you will need to [make sure] that you get job satisfaction , and problems can arise which will need to be faced .

Once you have completed this , you can discuss it with your boss and ensure you are both on the same wavelength .
once you have completed this , you can discuss it with your boss and [make sure] you are both on the same wavelength .

The company also offered to provide £30,000 towards the construction of a Sports and Social Centre , primarily for the mine employees , but also to be used by the people of Loughrea … Finally , the company donated part of a site which it owned on the shores of Loughrea Lake , to the town of Loughrea … These various factors combined to ensure that the local elite ( even if they were capable of considering it ) would not attempt to kill the goose ‘ that laid the golden eggs ’ .
the company also offered to provide £30,000 towards the construction of a sports and social centre , primarily for the mine employees , but also to be used by the people of loughrea … finally , the company donated part of a site which it owned on the shores of loughrea lake , to the town of loughrea … these various factors combined to [make sure] that the local elite ( even if they were capable of considering it ) would not attempt to kill the goose ‘ that laid the golden eggs ’ .

In February , however , the local population took direct action to ensure that uranium prospecting would not contaminate a well in Glenleighan near Fintown .
in february , however , the local population took direct action to [make sure] that uranium prospecting would not contaminate a well in glenleighan near fintown .

Cork , we outline hereunder an Eight Point Programme to ensure that this is not imposed on the community .
cork , we outline hereunder an eight point programme to [make sure] that this is not imposed on the community .

We will take any further steps necessary to ensure that the wishes of the community will be complied with .
we will take any further steps necessary to [make sure] that the wishes of the community will be complied with .

’ Her eyes glanced sideways to ensure that nobody was listening .
’ her eyes glanced sideways to [make sure] that nobody was listening .

After applying , comb through to ensure even distribution and leave for a minimum of three minutes .
after applying , comb through to [make sure] even distribution and leave for a minimum of three minutes .

Wind hair diagonally down the barrel of the tong to ensure even heat distribution and uniform curls
wind hair diagonally down the barrel of the tong to [make sure] even heat distribution and uniform curls

Redken products are only available from selected professional salons to ensure that they are correctly prescribed according to individual hair types and requirements .
redken products are only available from selected professional salons to [make sure] that they are correctly prescribed according to individual hair types and requirements .

They are active faiths , dedicated to implementing the divine will in the world in order to ensure that God 's will is done here on earth as it is in heaven , but the mystic withdraws from the world into his own psyche .
they are active faiths , dedicated to implementing the divine will in the world in order to [make sure] that god 's will is done here on earth as it is in heaven , but the mystic withdraws from the world into his own psyche .

The Sheikha 's mother telephoned often to ensure that we were comfortable .
the sheikha 's mother telephoned often to [make sure] that we were comfortable .

However , as the laying-out and preparation of the body was at that time the responsibility of the family , it would appear that the guild limited themselves to three actions : the marshalling of their members to attend , and the selection from that company of those to carry the coffin ( though it would have been a strong guild able to command more than half a dozen of its members during a weekday ) ; to see the coffin safely into the church and to ensure that the burial equipment was in place ; and to attend the full obsequies on the following day , including the funeral feast .
however , as the laying-out and preparation of the body was at that time the responsibility of the family , it would appear that the guild limited themselves to three actions : the marshalling of their members to attend , and the selection from that company of those to carry the coffin ( though it would have been a strong guild able to command more than half a dozen of its members during a weekday ) ; to see the coffin safely into the church and to [make sure] that the burial equipment was in place ; and to attend the full obsequies on the following day , including the funeral feast .

The basic material of hair comes from amino acids , and to ensure that cell production continues , the blood supply at the bottom of the hair follicle transports the amino acids , hormones and nutrients required for hair growth .
the basic material of hair comes from amino acids , and to [make sure] that cell production continues , the blood supply at the bottom of the hair follicle transports the amino acids , hormones and nutrients required for hair growth .

True , they were furious about Spain and England , but much more to the point , as redoubtable in-fighters , they were determined to do whatever lay in their power to ensure victory for themselves , by fair means or foul .
true , they were furious about spain and england , but much more to the point , as redoubtable in-fighters , they were determined to do whatever lay in their power to [make sure] victory for themselves , by fair means or foul .

Burma is fortunate in that she has enough for her own needs , though she was only just able to ensure this during the last harvest .
burma is fortunate in that she has enough for her own needs , though she was only just able to [make sure] this during the last harvest .

The aim was to ensure that no one brewer controlled more than 40 per cent of the on-licences and 33 per cent of the off-licences in any area .
the aim was to [make sure] that no one brewer controlled more than 40 per cent of the on-licences and 33 per cent of the off-licences in any area .

Fully discussed with and explained to your customer in advance to ensure they are clearly and fully understood ,
fully discussed with and explained to your customer in advance to [make sure] they are clearly and fully understood ,

The Raffertys of this world , even in the changing climate of 1945 , Harriet reflected , still seemed to think it was their duty to ensure that others , rather than themselves , had a little relaxation .
the raffertys of this world , even in the changing climate of 1945 , harriet reflected , still seemed to think it was their duty to [make sure] that others , rather than themselves , had a little relaxation .

Pull-down menus and point-and-click icons ensure that you can get to where you want to in a hurry and the unique help icon means there 's always help at hand .
pull-down menus and point-and-click icons [make sure] that you can get to where you want to in a hurry and the unique help icon means there 's always help at hand .

The modern state is a public power claiming supreme jurisdiction over a given territory and this claim is backed up by its ability to use force to ensure obedience to its rule .
the modern state is a public power claiming supreme jurisdiction over a given territory and this claim is backed up by its ability to use force to [make sure] obedience to its rule .

Doubts about the son 's ability to ensure that this bequest remained intact in the face of other claimants may have led his co-trustees to start the legal action .
doubts about the son 's ability to [make sure] that this bequest remained intact in the face of other claimants may have led his co-trustees to start the legal action .

Goblins are primarily support troops — their role is to ensure that your core troops get into combat against their chosen target .
goblins are primarily support troops — their role is to [make sure] that your core troops get into combat against their chosen target .

In any case , you have to make sure all your Mobs have sufficient characters to ensure they can fight properly .
in any case , you have to make sure all your mobs have sufficient characters to [make sure] they can fight properly .

If you like , go back to playing the odds to ensure success — if you need to rely on a unit to do something then send two units !
if you like , go back to playing the odds to [make sure] success — if you need to rely on a unit to do something then send two units !

Hopefully the initial push towards the enemy will ensure that the Fanatic hits the enemy more often than he hits his mates … but you can never be sure .
hopefully the initial push towards the enemy will [make sure] that the fanatic hits the enemy more often than he hits his mates … but you can never be sure .

These limitations ensure that the army is reasonably representative and does n't consist entirely of heroes , big monsters , or war machines .
these limitations [make sure] that the army is reasonably representative and does n't consist entirely of heroes , big monsters , or war machines .

Since statements are seen in part as a form of protection for the child , we must seek to ensure that all who need this protection have it .
since statements are seen in part as a form of protection for the child , we must seek to [make sure] that all who need this protection have it .

In the anxiety to ensure that a legally enforceable ‘ balanced and broadly based curriculum ’ is delivered at the level of specificity indicated in the reports of the early working parties lies the danger that the mere acquisition of facts will prevent the growth of understanding .
in the anxiety to [make sure] that a legally enforceable ‘ balanced and broadly based curriculum ’ is delivered at the level of specificity indicated in the reports of the early working parties lies the danger that the mere acquisition of facts will prevent the growth of understanding .

Specialist treatment bases might continue to exist where intensive work could be done on particular problems , but their aim would be to ensure that children could take advantage of mainstream services .
specialist treatment bases might continue to exist where intensive work could be done on particular problems , but their aim would be to [make sure] that children could take advantage of mainstream services .

To ensure that this happens teachers need the resources to motivate and interest children and to structure the development of their ability to read for meaning independently .
to [make sure] that this happens teachers need the resources to motivate and interest children and to structure the development of their ability to read for meaning independently .

Space does not permit more than a summary of the aspects the would-be consultant needs to consider jointly to ensure both a good beginning and optimum development for such a group , and readers are therefore referred to the guidelines offered in detail elsewhere ( cf Hanko 1985/7 ) .
space does not permit more than a summary of the aspects the would-be consultant needs to consider jointly to [make sure] both a good beginning and optimum development for such a group , and readers are therefore referred to the guidelines offered in detail elsewhere ( cf hanko 1985/7 ) .

First , attendance , which can be a prime factor in disruptiveness , is highlighted , and practices which will ensure each school has an effective policy are outlined :
first , attendance , which can be a prime factor in disruptiveness , is highlighted , and practices which will [make sure] each school has an effective policy are outlined :

Teachers will ensure there is an oral component in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .
teachers will [make sure] there is an oral component in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .

Head teachers ensure that the school informs parents filly about the homework policy and takes measures to enlist their support
head teachers [make sure] that the school informs parents filly about the homework policy and takes measures to enlist their support

Head teachers and teachers ensure the school has a study skills policy and helps pupils both to acquire independent learning skills and to pass examinations . In this latter context , schools and districts within local authorities can make a major contribution by :
head teachers and teachers [make sure] the school has a study skills policy and helps pupils both to acquire independent learning skills and to pass examinations . in this latter context , schools and districts within local authorities can make a major contribution by :

head teachers ensure that all heads of department have clear job specifications
head teachers [make sure] that all heads of department have clear job specifications

heads of department ensure that members of their subject teams participate in meaningful self-evaluation exercises
heads of department [make sure] that members of their subject teams participate in meaningful self-evaluation exercises

heads of department adopt policies of using classroom observation and co-teaching methods to ensure and/or raise the quality of teaching as appropriate
heads of department adopt policies of using classroom observation and co-teaching methods to [make sure] and/or raise the quality of teaching as appropriate

It will be important for governors to present their reports in such a way as to ensure that the quality of their schools is not judged solely by academic results but by success in meeting the educational needs of all pupils , including those whose progress can never be measured on an examination scale .
it will be important for governors to present their reports in such a way as to [make sure] that the quality of their schools is not judged solely by academic results but by success in meeting the educational needs of all pupils , including those whose progress can never be measured on an examination scale .

The suitability of the premises , the need for improved access or relocation of equipment and the provision of items such as ramps , carpeting or acoustic tiles where appropriate are all matters which should concern governors if they are to ‘ use their best endeavours ’ to ensure that special needs are met — the duty which is binding on the governors of every school .
the suitability of the premises , the need for improved access or relocation of equipment and the provision of items such as ramps , carpeting or acoustic tiles where appropriate are all matters which should concern governors if they are to ‘ use their best endeavours ’ to [make sure] that special needs are met — the duty which is binding on the governors of every school .

This power brings with it the responsibility to ensure that decisions are made and priorities are set upon the basis of the best educational advice available .
this power brings with it the responsibility to [make sure] that decisions are made and priorities are set upon the basis of the best educational advice available .

The qualitative methods provide them with feminist validity , while the quantitative methods ensure the reliability which psychology values .
the qualitative methods provide them with feminist validity , while the quantitative methods [make sure] the reliability which psychology values .

‘ Her English is good , ’ Myeloski continued , warning Duncan to ensure he did n't converse in Russian .
‘ her english is good , ’ myeloski continued , warning duncan to [make sure] he did n't converse in russian .

Even at this late hour , he wanted personally to ensure that the plan was carried through successfully .
even at this late hour , he wanted personally to [make sure] that the plan was carried through successfully .

The bulb had obviously been hit hard so as to break its filament , to ensure no warning light came on .
the bulb had obviously been hit hard so as to break its filament , to [make sure] no warning light came on .

The extended stake can look rather unusual , especially for a while after pruning , but that is a small price to pay to ensure safety .
the extended stake can look rather unusual , especially for a while after pruning , but that is a small price to pay to [make sure] safety .

Do n't leave them until they are so developed and tough that they will not easily pull away and have to be cut ; this is merely pruning and you will thereby ensure that several adventitious shoots will grow to replace the one being removed .
do n't leave them until they are so developed and tough that they will not easily pull away and have to be cut ; this is merely pruning and you will thereby [make sure] that several adventitious shoots will grow to replace the one being removed .

There are two ways to ensure this : one is to make sure that there is plenty of moisture-retentive organic bulk under each plant at planting time , and the second is a steady carrying down and mixing into the soil by worm action from a blanket cover on the soil surface , a cover that also drastically reduces evaporation .
there are two ways to [make sure] this : one is to make sure that there is plenty of moisture-retentive organic bulk under each plant at planting time , and the second is a steady carrying down and mixing into the soil by worm action from a blanket cover on the soil surface , a cover that also drastically reduces evaporation .

1986 ) an ‘ ethnic minority booster sample ’ was included , to ensure that this significant group was properly represented .
1986 ) an ‘ ethnic minority booster sample ’ was included , to [make sure] that this significant group was properly represented .

In the guided conversation , the researcher has more of this power ; he will ensure that the topics that have emerged as important are discussed , and will make notes , or even a recording , of the respondent 's answers .
in the guided conversation , the researcher has more of this power ; he will [make sure] that the topics that have emerged as important are discussed , and will make notes , or even a recording , of the respondent 's answers .

The sociologist who gathers a life-history takes steps to ensure that it covers everything we want to know , that no important fact or event is slighted , that what purports to be factual squares with other available evidence and that the subject 's interpretations are honestly given .
the sociologist who gathers a life-history takes steps to [make sure] that it covers everything we want to know , that no important fact or event is slighted , that what purports to be factual squares with other available evidence and that the subject 's interpretations are honestly given .

, is required by law to fill in the questionnaire on behalf of everybody in the household , or at least to ensure that they fill in one for themselves .
, is required by law to fill in the questionnaire on behalf of everybody in the household , or at least to [make sure] that they fill in one for themselves .

Knowing that you will invariably be outnumbered means that you should take pains to ensure that you do the best you can to cut down the number of your attackers .
knowing that you will invariably be outnumbered means that you should take pains to [make sure] that you do the best you can to cut down the number of your attackers .

Power is centralized within a handful of institutions — sometimes collectively referred to as ‘ the state ’ — and those with economic and political power — a ruling class — guard it jealously and use whatever mechanism is available , including the mass media , to retain their power and to ensure their continued monopolization of power .
power is centralized within a handful of institutions — sometimes collectively referred to as ‘ the state ’ — and those with economic and political power — a ruling class — guard it jealously and use whatever mechanism is available , including the mass media , to retain their power and to [make sure] their continued monopolization of power .

Furthermore , structural reforms which simply aim to bring a balance to political representations in the media fail to address the broader question of which particular set of views need to be represented . Is it merely a matter of reproducing party political views and , if so , of which political parties ? Is it more appropriate to reproduce cross-cutting sectional views ? In other words , how does one determine which views are ‘ significant ’ and also ensure that these views are represented ?
furthermore , structural reforms which simply aim to bring a balance to political representations in the media fail to address the broader question of which particular set of views need to be represented . is it merely a matter of reproducing party political views and , if so , of which political parties ? is it more appropriate to reproduce cross-cutting sectional views ? in other words , how does one determine which views are ‘ significant ’ and also [make sure] that these views are represented ?

We do need to ensure that a broad range of views are truly represented even though we may not be able to force individual citizens ( consumers ? )
we do need to [make sure] that a broad range of views are truly represented even though we may not be able to force individual citizens ( consumers ? )

Such a correspondence would ensure that no political party exercises undue influence and control over the means of communication or that the means of communication do not overwhelmingly support one political party .
such a correspondence would [make sure] that no political party exercises undue influence and control over the means of communication or that the means of communication do not overwhelmingly support one political party .

In this scenario , newspaper proprietors and editors do not always need to play an active part in order to ensure that continuity and similarity across , and between , newspapers is the norm .
in this scenario , newspaper proprietors and editors do not always need to play an active part in order to [make sure] that continuity and similarity across , and between , newspapers is the norm .

The transformation of the industry would undoubtedly be both costly and painful but it was the only means by which it could ensure a future for itself .
the transformation of the industry would undoubtedly be both costly and painful but it was the only means by which it could [make sure] a future for itself .

Although its circulation is about 350,000 , it appears to be more successful in finding the gap in the market which will ensure its continued survival .
although its circulation is about 350,000 , it appears to be more successful in finding the gap in the market which will [make sure] its continued survival .

This would ensure that the broadcasting institution was ultimately accountable to Parliament but at the same time would free it from direct government control in its day-to-day affairs .
this would [make sure] that the broadcasting institution was ultimately accountable to parliament but at the same time would free it from direct government control in its day-to-day affairs .

Each Authority has a duty to provide its respective radio and television services as public services for the dissemination of information , education and entertainment , and to ensure that its programmes maintain a high general standard , in particular as respects their quality and content , and a proper balance and wide range of subject matter … .
each authority has a duty to provide its respective radio and television services as public services for the dissemination of information , education and entertainment , and to [make sure] that its programmes maintain a high general standard , in particular as respects their quality and content , and a proper balance and wide range of subject matter … .

Since , next to your home , your pension is almost certainly your most valuable asset , it is important to check all the angles well ahead of time to ensure that when you retire you receive the maximum benefit .
since , next to your home , your pension is almost certainly your most valuable asset , it is important to check all the angles well ahead of time to [make sure] that when you retire you receive the maximum benefit .

It is the job of the trustees to manage the fund and its investments and to ensure that the benefit promises are kept .
it is the job of the trustees to manage the fund and its investments and to [make sure] that the benefit promises are kept .

The first priority , however , is to ensure that you will have enough income for your own needs .
the first priority , however , is to [make sure] that you will have enough income for your own needs .

Likewise , if you have already written a will , it is strongly recommended that you have this checked by a professional adviser to ensure that you do not give money unnecessarily to the taxman .
likewise , if you have already written a will , it is strongly recommended that you have this checked by a professional adviser to [make sure] that you do not give money unnecessarily to the taxman .

This involves definition of the job specifications with the client ; laying out a search strategy with the Research Department , the development of potential candidates through sourcing , interviewing , making a final recommendation to the client ; and handling both client and candidate in the delicate final stages of the negotiation to ensure a positive end of the assignment .
this involves definition of the job specifications with the client ; laying out a search strategy with the research department , the development of potential candidates through sourcing , interviewing , making a final recommendation to the client ; and handling both client and candidate in the delicate final stages of the negotiation to [make sure] a positive end of the assignment .

There may need to be a large number of meetings and discussions between the consultant and the client even after the candidate is appointed to ensure that things are running smoothly .
there may need to be a large number of meetings and discussions between the consultant and the client even after the candidate is appointed to [make sure] that things are running smoothly .

There is a never-ending struggle to ensure academic control of , or representation upon , grant-giving bodies ; to ensure freedom of publication — and to make sure that the line between academic and non-academic publishing is distinct .
there is a never-ending struggle to [make sure] academic control of , or representation upon , grant-giving bodies ; to [make sure] freedom of publication — and to make sure that the line between academic and non-academic publishing is distinct .

It is his un-doubted duty to employ his skill , training and experience in order to ensure that his client 's case is placed before the court to the client 's best advantage and in the process thereof he must avail himself , on behalf of his client of every defence , be it technical or otherwise , which the law affords his client ( 1969 , p. 1 ) .
it is his un-doubted duty to employ his skill , training and experience in order to [make sure] that his client 's case is placed before the court to the client 's best advantage and in the process thereof he must avail himself , on behalf of his client of every defence , be it technical or otherwise , which the law affords his client ( 1969 , p. 1 ) .

The duty solicitor scheme was projected as a public service by the Law Society : ‘ The prime object of a duty solicitor scheme is to provide unrepresented defendants with any legal assistance they may require and , in the context of the adversary system , to help ensure that justice is done and seen to be done .
the duty solicitor scheme was projected as a public service by the law society : ‘ the prime object of a duty solicitor scheme is to provide unrepresented defendants with any legal assistance they may require and , in the context of the adversary system , to help [make sure] that justice is done and seen to be done .

The British position was simpler ; Russia was to be kept away from the Straits and Austria-Hungary was to ensure this , if possible .
the british position was simpler ; russia was to be kept away from the straits and austria-hungary was to [make sure] this , if possible .

Its re-emergence in the late 1960s reflected ( 1 ) need for more continuous and effective Party-military consultation , ( 2 ) demands of the Armed Forces on the civilian economy and the need for greater coordination , ( 3 ) need to ensure that strategy and , ultimately , policy governs the application of increasingly complex technology : improve the ‘ fit ’ between procurement , deployment , force structures and policy .
its re-emergence in the late 1960s reflected ( 1 ) need for more continuous and effective party-military consultation , ( 2 ) demands of the armed forces on the civilian economy and the need for greater coordination , ( 3 ) need to [make sure] that strategy and , ultimately , policy governs the application of increasingly complex technology : improve the ‘ fit ’ between procurement , deployment , force structures and policy .

In Soviet eyes , the continuing authenticity of such a regime is determined by a number of litmus tests , which ensure its conformity to Soviet practice .
in soviet eyes , the continuing authenticity of such a regime is determined by a number of litmus tests , which [make sure] its conformity to soviet practice .

We adhere to our procedures to ensure liberty and representation : if these procedures produce good policy as well , that is a bonus .
we adhere to our procedures to [make sure] liberty and representation : if these procedures produce good policy as well , that is a bonus .

Paradoxically , the help rendered to the Party by the Armed Forces during political crises has reminded the party of this potential and invariably produced a redoubled effort to ensure military dependence upon Party and State .
paradoxically , the help rendered to the party by the armed forces during political crises has reminded the party of this potential and invariably produced a redoubled effort to [make sure] military dependence upon party and state .

The point of the exercise is to ensure : ( 1 ) that all actors properly concerned with defence participate in the process , and that views and considerations bearing upon defence are ventilated ; and ( 2 ) that a unified , coherent plan emerges on the basis of Soviet military doctrine .
the point of the exercise is to [make sure] : ( 1 ) that all actors properly concerned with defence participate in the process , and that views and considerations bearing upon defence are ventilated ; and ( 2 ) that a unified , coherent plan emerges on the basis of soviet military doctrine .

By ‘ militarising ’ their society in peacetime , the Soviet authorities aim to spare their society similar effects , ensure that the nation stands the test and that the Party will not be pronounced ‘ calcified ’ at the moment of truth .
by ‘ militarising ’ their society in peacetime , the soviet authorities aim to spare their society similar effects , [make sure] that the nation stands the test and that the party will not be pronounced ‘ calcified ’ at the moment of truth .

He also had a role to play in public ceremonial and it is likely that a carefully constructed ceremonial relationship existed between king and temple to ensure mutual support in the eyes of the people .
he also had a role to play in public ceremonial and it is likely that a carefully constructed ceremonial relationship existed between king and temple to [make sure] mutual support in the eyes of the people .

The epistemological importance of such an exercise is evident , as is the fact that care would have to be taken to avoid circularity , to ensure that we did not make the credibility of a claim to knowledge depend upon beliefs that were not in the foundation .
the epistemological importance of such an exercise is evident , as is the fact that care would have to be taken to avoid circularity , to [make sure] that we did not make the credibility of a claim to knowledge depend upon beliefs that were not in the foundation .

For this would obviously ensure pride of place for holist explanations .
for this would obviously [make sure] pride of place for holist explanations .

So , sexual generation is the means whereby the past influences of changing conditions can be accumulated and combined with present ones to ensure continued variability .
so , sexual generation is the means whereby the past influences of changing conditions can be accumulated and combined with present ones to [make sure] continued variability .

Their imperatives were comparatively simple ; to procreate and protect themselves and perpetuate the social order — preferably under their own control — so as to ensure a supply of human hosts .
their imperatives were comparatively simple ; to procreate and protect themselves and perpetuate the social order — preferably under their own control — so as to [make sure] a supply of human hosts .

If he tried to return to Earth in defiance of his oath he strongly suspected that he might never be allowed to reach the homeworld … Surely he would be watched for several years , to ensure his fidelity .
if he tried to return to earth in defiance of his oath he strongly suspected that he might never be allowed to reach the homeworld … surely he would be watched for several years , to [make sure] his fidelity .

Frog-catching gangs ensure that this is a thriving trade in these countries although it is conducted in hideously unhygienic conditions and there are adverse ecological implications due to the increase in malarial and other waterborne pests .
frog-catching gangs [make sure] that this is a thriving trade in these countries although it is conducted in hideously unhygienic conditions and there are adverse ecological implications due to the increase in malarial and other waterborne pests .

If your holiday dates are pre-set then set great care should be taken to ensure you 're adequately equipped for the worst of possible conditions .
if your holiday dates are pre-set then set great care should be taken to [make sure] you 're adequately equipped for the worst of possible conditions .

Funding is now needed to ensure that the experiments of the project are fully implemented .
funding is now needed to [make sure] that the experiments of the project are fully implemented .

Gary 's expert advice , will also ensure that you can maintain your style throughout your wedding day and if required , adapt it for your honeymoon .
gary 's expert advice , will also [make sure] that you can maintain your style throughout your wedding day and if required , adapt it for your honeymoon .

She advised him that-parents sometimes do know best , and to ensure the best they sometimes have to insist that children do as they say .
she advised him that-parents sometimes do know best , and to [make sure] the best they sometimes have to insist that children do as they say .

We must ensure that pressure never stops .
we must [make sure] that pressure never stops .

In the meantime , to keep you occupied — and to ensure that some part of the considerable sum of money invested in keeping you alive is repaid — we would like you to do some work for us .
in the meantime , to keep you occupied — and to [make sure] that some part of the considerable sum of money invested in keeping you alive is repaid — we would like you to do some work for us .

Irrigation channels , centuries old , ensure this vivid contrast between the desert and the cultivated ground .
irrigation channels , centuries old , [make sure] this vivid contrast between the desert and the cultivated ground .

But luckily there 's an organisation working to ensure you can take your recreation in peace — the MCofS — the representative body for all hillgoers in Scotland .
but luckily there 's an organisation working to [make sure] you can take your recreation in peace — the mcofs — the representative body for all hillgoers in scotland .

Military and associated groups are not entirely blameless , as testified by the number of ration pack items discarded and it should be the duty of all in charge of such groups to ensure rubbish is brought down off the hill or from campsites .
military and associated groups are not entirely blameless , as testified by the number of ration pack items discarded and it should be the duty of all in charge of such groups to [make sure] rubbish is brought down off the hill or from campsites .

Dietary supplements may also be important to ensure adequate vitamins and minerals are being absorbed .
dietary supplements may also be important to [make sure] adequate vitamins and minerals are being absorbed .

In lofts , you must ensure that condensation can not cause deterioration of the roof structure or of any thermal insulating materials that are fixed or laid within it .
in lofts , you must [make sure] that condensation can not cause deterioration of the roof structure or of any thermal insulating materials that are fixed or laid within it .

For example , keeping the doors to steamy rooms closed prevents moist air from reaching other parts of the house ; fit door closers to ensure they are not left open accidentally .
for example , keeping the doors to steamy rooms closed prevents moist air from reaching other parts of the house ; fit door closers to [make sure] they are not left open accidentally .

Push the flap well home , using the bone folder to ensure there are no folds or creases
push the flap well home , using the bone folder to [make sure] there are no folds or creases

When a loft is insulated you need to ensure the roof space is ventilated to combat potential condensation .
when a loft is insulated you need to [make sure] the roof space is ventilated to combat potential condensation .

The should be fitted between rafters to ensure adequate cross ventilation
the should be fitted between rafters to [make sure] adequate cross ventilation

The completed installation requires no maintenance other than occasionally wiping down the soffit vent to ensure that the large insect screened grille remains clear of obstructions
the completed installation requires no maintenance other than occasionally wiping down the soffit vent to [make sure] that the large insect screened grille remains clear of obstructions

Position the shower on the wall at the recommended height — 1.2m ( 4ft ) average height from the bottom of shower to the base of bath or cubicle ; the top of the unit should be horizontal . ( Ensure a sufficient head of water is available to prime the pump )
position the shower on the wall at the recommended height — 1.2m ( 4ft ) average height from the bottom of shower to the base of bath or cubicle ; the top of the unit should be horizontal . ( [make sure] a sufficient head of water is available to prime the pump )

The hardwood sub-frame should be assembled on a flat , protected surface , and sealant applied to the joints . Check diagonal measurements to ensure that the frame is truly square , before screwing tightly together
the hardwood sub-frame should be assembled on a flat , protected surface , and sealant applied to the joints . check diagonal measurements to [make sure] that the frame is truly square , before screwing tightly together

Ensure that the outer frame is square and plumb , then fix shim behind each screw in the jambs , and apply sealant under screw heads in the sill , before tightening all screws
[make sure] that the outer frame is square and plumb , then fix shim behind each screw in the jambs , and apply sealant under screw heads in the sill , before tightening all screws

Ensure that the legs of the bottom rail both engage in the sill grooves , and that the panel is tight against the jamb .
[make sure] that the legs of the bottom rail both engage in the sill grooves , and that the panel is tight against the jamb .

Adjust the rollers with a Pozidriv screwdriver , to ensure that the panel slides square to the frame
adjust the rollers with a pozidriv screwdriver , to [make sure] that the panel slides square to the frame

Use plastic top hats to ensure a good seal . Do n't over-tighten the screws or you will distort or even damage the sheeting
use plastic top hats to [make sure] a good seal . do n't over-tighten the screws or you will distort or even damage the sheeting

With the loft floor well insulated and the roof space ventilated , it is vital to ensure that all pipes are well protected against freezing conditions .
with the loft floor well insulated and the roof space ventilated , it is vital to [make sure] that all pipes are well protected against freezing conditions .

Use a spirit level to ensure the moulding is horizontal , then pencil a line along the top of the moulding . Draw another line 30mm below , and parallel , to mark the position of the clips
use a spirit level to [make sure] the moulding is horizontal , then pencil a line along the top of the moulding . draw another line 30mm below , and parallel , to mark the position of the clips

These have screw-holes for permanent fixing of the wooden battens and legs , together with a locking device to ensure they do not accidentally close in use .
these have screw-holes for permanent fixing of the wooden battens and legs , together with a locking device to [make sure] they do not accidentally close in use .

Four clamping bars ensure a solid mounting , but also permit a quick changeover of power tools .
four clamping bars [make sure] a solid mounting , but also permit a quick changeover of power tools .

Ensure you receive a written quotation covering all aspects of the job .
[make sure] you receive a written quotation covering all aspects of the job .

The best way of avoiding this problem is to ensure that there is a safe distance between the trees and buildings .
the best way of avoiding this problem is to [make sure] that there is a safe distance between the trees and buildings .

This should allow you to spot any incipient faults before they turn into a Christmas day blackout , and will also ensure that everything is safe and in good condition .
this should allow you to spot any incipient faults before they turn into a christmas day blackout , and will also [make sure] that everything is safe and in good condition .

When you install an outdoor light set , make sure that high winds can not dash the individual lamps against hard surfaces — tree branches , wall and the like — and ensure that the flex connections are completely watertight if you have to use an extension flex .
when you install an outdoor light set , make sure that high winds can not dash the individual lamps against hard surfaces — tree branches , wall and the like — and [make sure] that the flex connections are completely watertight if you have to use an extension flex .

With correct positioning , to ensure the join came at the right point with the stairs , and a generous overlap , we could cut the correct angle through both .
with correct positioning , to [make sure] the join came at the right point with the stairs , and a generous overlap , we could cut the correct angle through both .

This is to ensure that instructors can modify while retaining the general path .
this is to [make sure] that instructors can modify while retaining the general path .

These examples , and many others like them , make it necessary for us to ensure that whatever reward we are offering a child actually leads to an increase in his desirable behaviour and whatever punishers we are offering actually lead to weakening of an undesirable behaviour .
these examples , and many others like them , make it necessary for us to [make sure] that whatever reward we are offering a child actually leads to an increase in his desirable behaviour and whatever punishers we are offering actually lead to weakening of an undesirable behaviour .

Generally speaking it is best to avoid complex behaviours with small children and parents but if they are unavoidable ensure that the parents know to break them down into small bits .
generally speaking it is best to avoid complex behaviours with small children and parents but if they are unavoidable [make sure] that the parents know to break them down into small bits .

If removal is decided on , it is then necessary to ensure that the place child is removed to is both safe and boring .
if removal is decided on , it is then necessary to [make sure] that the place child is removed to is both safe and boring .

Care should be taken with punishers to ensure that they do not become rewarding .
care should be taken with punishers to [make sure] that they do not become rewarding .

Finally , the programme should describe a set of teaching procedures which will create the necessary contingent relations between the child 's language and environmental events to ensure that the child progresses along the sequence of teaching objectives .
finally , the programme should describe a set of teaching procedures which will create the necessary contingent relations between the child 's language and environmental events to [make sure] that the child progresses along the sequence of teaching objectives .

It may also be necessary to ensure that parents do not become over-zealous in their commitment to a particular kind of therapeutic activity to the extent that it limits , rather than expands , the child 's experiences , or dominates the lives of other members of the family .
it may also be necessary to [make sure] that parents do not become over-zealous in their commitment to a particular kind of therapeutic activity to the extent that it limits , rather than expands , the child 's experiences , or dominates the lives of other members of the family .

First , it is appropriate for those working with a child to try to communicate at the right level ; this means introducing language structures with which the child is already familiar and trying to ensure that the content of conversations is appropriate to the child 's ability to understand and to her interests .
first , it is appropriate for those working with a child to try to communicate at the right level ; this means introducing language structures with which the child is already familiar and trying to [make sure] that the content of conversations is appropriate to the child 's ability to understand and to her interests .

This will ensure that a relatively good recording of the child 's language will be obtained , together with a fair amount of the language of the other people .
this will [make sure] that a relatively good recording of the child 's language will be obtained , together with a fair amount of the language of the other people .

The rationale for this is that intervention can not replace natural developmental processes , but only complement them ; it is therefore necessary to ensure that structured attempts at intervention and ‘ natural developmental processes ’ are working in unison .
the rationale for this is that intervention can not replace natural developmental processes , but only complement them ; it is therefore necessary to [make sure] that structured attempts at intervention and ‘ natural developmental processes ’ are working in unison .

Inclusion of children with known language difficulties will ensure that items which most effectively identify language difficulties are included in the test .
inclusion of children with known language difficulties will [make sure] that items which most effectively identify language difficulties are included in the test .

On glaciers , snow climbs , arêtes and easy mixed ground it is the only way to ensure fast movement , while retaining some degree of security .
on glaciers , snow climbs , arêtes and easy mixed ground it is the only way to [make sure] fast movement , while retaining some degree of security .

Good kicked steps or firm crampon placements ensure stability for the lower body , so that a load should pull you more firmly into your footing .
good kicked steps or firm crampon placements [make sure] stability for the lower body , so that a load should pull you more firmly into your footing .

While this development must take the majority of any forthcoming Sports Council funding , it is obvious that many of the existing facilities need to be dramatically expanded and the MCofS will endeavour to ensure this happens sooner rather than later .
while this development must take the majority of any forthcoming sports council funding , it is obvious that many of the existing facilities need to be dramatically expanded and the mcofs will endeavour to [make sure] this happens sooner rather than later .

Rich Conditioning Cream ( £2.15/85ml ) will ensure maximum protection for dry skin , even on the coldest days .
rich conditioning cream ( £2.15/85ml ) will [make sure] maximum protection for dry skin , even on the coldest days .

As an extra bonus , a balanced diet will ensure that you get all the vital nutrients , vitamins and minerals you need for glowing good looks .
as an extra bonus , a balanced diet will [make sure] that you get all the vital nutrients , vitamins and minerals you need for glowing good looks .

Non-comedogenic — means that the product has been tested to ensure it does n't block your pores and cause blackheads .
non-comedogenic — means that the product has been tested to [make sure] it does n't block your pores and cause blackheads .

Nonetheless , Wood said he has destroyed all of Mary Lou 's tapes to ensure that she will not be further hassled .
nonetheless , wood said he has destroyed all of mary lou 's tapes to [make sure] that she will not be further hassled .

‘ This is to ensure that your ex does n't send in the tape after you split up and try to invade your right to privacy .
‘ this is to [make sure] that your ex does n't send in the tape after you split up and try to invade your right to privacy .

Habermas is careful to ensure that neither lifeworld nor system are subsumed by the other category but he explores links between them , including the systematic restriction of communication .
habermas is careful to [make sure] that neither lifeworld nor system are subsumed by the other category but he explores links between them , including the systematic restriction of communication .

She will lecture and demonstrate on the preparations and finishing techniques which will ensure that your garments have a professional finished appearance .
she will lecture and demonstrate on the preparations and finishing techniques which will [make sure] that your garments have a professional finished appearance .

The probe of the thermostat , if any should be held in place with two airline sucker clips from Algarde , preferably siliconed in place to ensure that it ca n't slip free .
the probe of the thermostat , if any should be held in place with two airline sucker clips from algarde , preferably siliconed in place to [make sure] that it ca n't slip free .

Once trimmed and ready to be positioned , ensure that they are thoroughly cleaned by pouring boiling water over them and allowing to soak , scrubbing between the folds .
once trimmed and ready to be positioned , [make sure] that they are thoroughly cleaned by pouring boiling water over them and allowing to soak , scrubbing between the folds .

Ensure hardness levels are suitable for fish species that you are keeping , although most will tolerate a total hardness of between 100–250 ppm .
[make sure] hardness levels are suitable for fish species that you are keeping , although most will tolerate a total hardness of between 100–250 ppm .

Designers use the girls because they ensure editorial coverage .
designers use the girls because they [make sure] editorial coverage .

Advertisers use them because they ensure sales .
advertisers use them because they [make sure] sales .

It is words rather than meanings that are problematic ; in fact , the point of reform is to ensure that words express what speakers ‘ really mean ’ rather than unfortunately conveying something speakers do not intend .
it is words rather than meanings that are problematic ; in fact , the point of reform is to [make sure] that words express what speakers ‘ really mean ’ rather than unfortunately conveying something speakers do not intend .

There were many meetings and much paperwork to ensure the availability of petrol , oil , tools and crew to take over to Newfoundland for the attempt .
there were many meetings and much paperwork to [make sure] the availability of petrol , oil , tools and crew to take over to newfoundland for the attempt .

The company works closely with suppliers to ensure that energy consumption and pollution are kept to a minimum without sacrificing quality .
the company works closely with suppliers to [make sure] that energy consumption and pollution are kept to a minimum without sacrificing quality .

When using the daisy as a border in conjunction with the edging , ensure that the centre of the daisy coincides with the centre of either the upward arc of the yellow section or the downward curve of the white section or alternatively one then the other ( as in the sample ) .
when using the daisy as a border in conjunction with the edging , [make sure] that the centre of the daisy coincides with the centre of either the upward arc of the yellow section or the downward curve of the white section or alternatively one then the other ( as in the sample ) .

The social worker whose aim is to effect change in response to some cry for help , will try to ensure that the change occurs in such a way that it is manageable for the system as a whole .
the social worker whose aim is to effect change in response to some cry for help , will try to [make sure] that the change occurs in such a way that it is manageable for the system as a whole .

The agency responsibility to ensure fair distribution of services .
the agency responsibility to [make sure] fair distribution of services .

To ensure a good quality of life elderly people in residential care continue to need the opportunity to exercise autonomy , independence and choice in some areas .
to [make sure] a good quality of life elderly people in residential care continue to need the opportunity to exercise autonomy , independence and choice in some areas .

As already suggested , the social worker should ensure that the principal carer , be this a relative or neighbour , visits the residential Home prior to the admission , accompanying the elderly person if this is wanted .
as already suggested , the social worker should [make sure] that the principal carer , be this a relative or neighbour , visits the residential home prior to the admission , accompanying the elderly person if this is wanted .

Along with Trooper Mal Duff , Corporal Harry Taylor and base camp manager Jim Wilkinson , Philip , 46 , and Christine , 32 , will ensure everything is in order for the arduous climb later this month .
along with trooper mal duff , corporal harry taylor and base camp manager jim wilkinson , philip , 46 , and christine , 32 , will [make sure] everything is in order for the arduous climb later this month .

‘ It will ensure jobs in Germany and some in Canada .
‘ it will [make sure] jobs in germany and some in canada .

‘ If we are to compete with the world 's best 10 we have to ensure that our productivity matches theirs .
‘ if we are to compete with the world 's best 10 we have to [make sure] that our productivity matches theirs .

Medics will also use the kit to ensure all cancerous cells have been removed during tumour surgery .
medics will also use the kit to [make sure] all cancerous cells have been removed during tumour surgery .

ensure easy access to the market for new firms
[make sure] easy access to the market for new firms

These were designed to ensure that consumers were protected , but at the same time companies earned a fair rate of return on their investment .
these were designed to [make sure] that consumers were protected , but at the same time companies earned a fair rate of return on their investment .

Public concern about the privatisation of another energy supplier , British Gas , as a monopoly , coupled with a relatively weak regulatory framework , put pressure on ministers to ensure that this situation was not repeated .
public concern about the privatisation of another energy supplier , british gas , as a monopoly , coupled with a relatively weak regulatory framework , put pressure on ministers to [make sure] that this situation was not repeated .

This represents an attempt to assess a level of income below which it is impossible to ensure survival .
this represents an attempt to assess a level of income below which it is impossible to [make sure] survival .

The principle aims of national housing policy should be to ensure that , as far as possible , every household shall be able to occupy a dwelling of a size , standard and location suitable to its needs , free from nuisance , harassment or arbitrary eviction and should have a free choice of tenure ( ie freehold , leasehold or other ) .
the principle aims of national housing policy should be to [make sure] that , as far as possible , every household shall be able to occupy a dwelling of a size , standard and location suitable to its needs , free from nuisance , harassment or arbitrary eviction and should have a free choice of tenure ( ie freehold , leasehold or other ) .

He tended to be rather naïve in his dealings with others ; outspokenly critical , to the point of rudeness , of his less gifted fellow-musicians — a trait which was to earn him many enemies ; deceitful on occasion ; and certainly arrogant , in an age when obsequiousness and servile flattery were necessary to ensure success .
he tended to be rather naïve in his dealings with others ; outspokenly critical , to the point of rudeness , of his less gifted fellow-musicians — a trait which was to earn him many enemies ; deceitful on occasion ; and certainly arrogant , in an age when obsequiousness and servile flattery were necessary to [make sure] success .

Lynagh 's high speed trip should take a week and , if successful , should ensure he has no further trouble with the left shoulder he dislocated in the match against Ireland .
lynagh 's high speed trip should take a week and , if successful , should [make sure] he has no further trouble with the left shoulder he dislocated in the match against ireland .

Brian Moore and Jeff Probyn , dropped for the Canada international , will take no prisoners in the front-row war to ensure they join Jason Leonard against the same three Springboks at Twickenham .
brian moore and jeff probyn , dropped for the canada international , will take no prisoners in the front-row war to [make sure] they join jason leonard against the same three springboks at twickenham .

‘ Obviously he does n't train as much as the other players because we want to ensure he is in good condition for matches .
‘ obviously he does n't train as much as the other players because we want to [make sure] he is in good condition for matches .

Rugby Union secretary Dudley Wood said : ‘ We had representations from the African National Congress to ensure that the old South African anthem ‘ Die Stem ’ would not be played .
rugby union secretary dudley wood said : ‘ we had representations from the african national congress to [make sure] that the old south african anthem ‘ die stem ’ would not be played .

The papers also report that the club sent a special envoy to Paris to ensure Gazza got to Seville for Tuesday 's friendly against Diego Maradona 's side .
the papers also report that the club sent a special envoy to paris to [make sure] gazza got to seville for tuesday 's friendly against diego maradona 's side .

Conversely , there are also three factors that could swing the Test England 's way and ensure South Africa 's brief tour ends in defeat .
conversely , there are also three factors that could swing the test england 's way and [make sure] south africa 's brief tour ends in defeat .

And although England showed signs of improvement against Norway last month , following their debacle in the European Championship finals in Sweden during the summer , they still have some way to go to ensure a comfortable path to the United States .
and although england showed signs of improvement against norway last month , following their debacle in the european championship finals in sweden during the summer , they still have some way to go to [make sure] a comfortable path to the united states .

The art deco style brasserie attracts discerning customers from the Bourse stock exchange at lunchtime and theatregoers in the evening who ensure that it keeps its standards high .
the art deco style brasserie attracts discerning customers from the bourse stock exchange at lunchtime and theatregoers in the evening who [make sure] that it keeps its standards high .

The Eleven-plus , like all crises , threatened the pattern of family relationships , and all the family could do in order to maintain equilibrium was to ensure that each member remain entrenched in or return to his or her habitual role .
the eleven-plus , like all crises , threatened the pattern of family relationships , and all the family could do in order to maintain equilibrium was to [make sure] that each member remain entrenched in or return to his or her habitual role .

She used every trick to ensure that at 50 she looks no more than 30 .
she used every trick to [make sure] that at 50 she looks no more than 30 .

These are the people who ensure that the week-long adventure goes as smoothly as possible for children such as Amelia .
these are the people who [make sure] that the week-long adventure goes as smoothly as possible for children such as amelia .

Although several of the children on this year 's flight will not be as lucky as Karen , every effort is made to ensure they never have a dull moment .
although several of the children on this year 's flight will not be as lucky as karen , every effort is made to [make sure] they never have a dull moment .

In the past , respect and awe for their mother have been enough to ensure that her children toed the line , and for her part the Queen always held out hope that their difficulties would be resolved .
in the past , respect and awe for their mother have been enough to [make sure] that her children toed the line , and for her part the queen always held out hope that their difficulties would be resolved .

As a result , she has taken a calculated decision to ensure that the royal grandchildren remain — whatever the cost — under her influence .
as a result , she has taken a calculated decision to [make sure] that the royal grandchildren remain — whatever the cost — under her influence .

Italian income bonds ensure happy returns
italian income bonds [make sure] happy returns

Counselling requires a continuous process of confirmation , clarification and re-clarification to ensure that our hypothesis is a reasonable one .
counselling requires a continuous process of confirmation , clarification and re-clarification to [make sure] that our hypothesis is a reasonable one .

When a major confrontation is anticipated , counsellors should ensure that they have sufficient time available to pursue the matter fully , and at the end return to some reasonable level of mutual understanding .
when a major confrontation is anticipated , counsellors should [make sure] that they have sufficient time available to pursue the matter fully , and at the end return to some reasonable level of mutual understanding .

Groups of up to about eight allow an atmosphere in which it is easier to share views , and to ensure that group members can get to know each other .
groups of up to about eight allow an atmosphere in which it is easier to share views , and to [make sure] that group members can get to know each other .

When this introduction is successfully achieved the topic can be introduced , and the counsellor should try to ensure that the group takes over most of the talking .
when this introduction is successfully achieved the topic can be introduced , and the counsellor should try to [make sure] that the group takes over most of the talking .

The group can be asked to respond to what one individual has just said ; or it can focus discussion on one individual at a time ; or the counsellor can ensure that the group discusses general or shared problems , or that it links and compares different problems faced by individuals within the group .
the group can be asked to respond to what one individual has just said ; or it can focus discussion on one individual at a time ; or the counsellor can [make sure] that the group discusses general or shared problems , or that it links and compares different problems faced by individuals within the group .

Special forms of segregated sheltered housing , and ultimately the old person 's residential home , ensure that older people are taught to feel that their lives are somehow different and separate from other age-groups .
special forms of segregated sheltered housing , and ultimately the old person 's residential home , [make sure] that older people are taught to feel that their lives are somehow different and separate from other age-groups .

Counsellors should try to limit their direct contributions , but ensure that important issues are fully discussed and that real feelings are expressed rather than avoided .
counsellors should try to limit their direct contributions , but [make sure] that important issues are fully discussed and that real feelings are expressed rather than avoided .

Each input or interaction upsets homeostasis , but the parts which make up the system are programmed to respond in such a way as to ensure a return to normality .
each input or interaction upsets homeostasis , but the parts which make up the system are programmed to respond in such a way as to [make sure] a return to normality .

This leads to further guilt , producing a network of family duties and expectations that cause considerable unhappiness and distress , but which produce homeostatic mechanisms which ensure that the situation continues .
this leads to further guilt , producing a network of family duties and expectations that cause considerable unhappiness and distress , but which produce homeostatic mechanisms which [make sure] that the situation continues .

The real issues are never discussed , nor do they have to be , for established patterns of family behaviour eventually ensure the maintenance of the status quo , albeit an uncomfortable and unhappy one .
the real issues are never discussed , nor do they have to be , for established patterns of family behaviour eventually [make sure] the maintenance of the status quo , albeit an uncomfortable and unhappy one .

The counsellor has to enter into the family dynamic , not intrusively , not demanding compliance with the wishes or even with the needs of the elderly counsellee , but to ensure that the feelings and needs of each member of the family , however weak , are heard .
the counsellor has to enter into the family dynamic , not intrusively , not demanding compliance with the wishes or even with the needs of the elderly counsellee , but to [make sure] that the feelings and needs of each member of the family , however weak , are heard .

Once the family sessions have begun , the counsellor has to ensure that the family group is maintained , despite the many potentially explosive problems and difficulties that might need to be discussed .
once the family sessions have begun , the counsellor has to [make sure] that the family group is maintained , despite the many potentially explosive problems and difficulties that might need to be discussed .

There are many ways in which the need for openness and honesty can be harmonized with the need to maintain the family group , and to ensure that individuals within the family are not damaged .
there are many ways in which the need for openness and honesty can be harmonized with the need to maintain the family group , and to [make sure] that individuals within the family are not damaged .

Conversely , good adjustment is more likely to ensure the maintenance of health during retirement .
conversely , good adjustment is more likely to [make sure] the maintenance of health during retirement .

The counsellor should become fully acquainted with as much relevant knowledge and information in as many professional spheres as possible , and use that knowledge in an attempt to ensure that the best possible treatment and care for the counsellee is obtained .
the counsellor should become fully acquainted with as much relevant knowledge and information in as many professional spheres as possible , and use that knowledge in an attempt to [make sure] that the best possible treatment and care for the counsellee is obtained .

This is not to set themselves up as nutritionists or as medical experts — but to use the knowledge available to them from every quarter sensibly , and to ensure that others are using their knowledge and expertise in the best interests of the counsellee .
this is not to set themselves up as nutritionists or as medical experts — but to use the knowledge available to them from every quarter sensibly , and to [make sure] that others are using their knowledge and expertise in the best interests of the counsellee .

But how could we ensure that complexity and mystery were the only qualitative differences between the various skylines ?
but how could we [make sure] that complexity and mystery were the only qualitative differences between the various skylines ?

His integrity is admirable and should ensure the survival of his business .
his integrity is admirable and should [make sure] the survival of his business .

Unrealistically high expectations ensure that we maintain our addiction and keep our guilt levels high .
unrealistically high expectations [make sure] that we maintain our addiction and keep our guilt levels high .

The ‘ people like us ’ factor will ensure that , the greater the compatibility between what you are apparently conveying in your talk and what the other person values , the better the outcome .
the ‘ people like us ’ factor will [make sure] that , the greater the compatibility between what you are apparently conveying in your talk and what the other person values , the better the outcome .

To ensure our physical survival we need sex , food and drink .
to [make sure] our physical survival we need sex , food and drink .

There are many wild flowers that can be legally picked , but always ensure that you only choose large and flourishing plants , and never , ever , remove the plant completely by its roots .
there are many wild flowers that can be legally picked , but always [make sure] that you only choose large and flourishing plants , and never , ever , remove the plant completely by its roots .

Think about the shape of the flowers that you are pressing and try to place the blotting paper on top of them as carefully as possible to ensure that they will lie flat under the weights , because once they are permanently pressed you can not start again .
think about the shape of the flowers that you are pressing and try to place the blotting paper on top of them as carefully as possible to [make sure] that they will lie flat under the weights , because once they are permanently pressed you can not start again .

Ensure the flowers are as dry as possible before placing them on the blotting paper , as any remaining moisture will encourage mildew to form and spoil all your efforts .
[make sure] the flowers are as dry as possible before placing them on the blotting paper , as any remaining moisture will encourage mildew to form and spoil all your efforts .

80–1 ) , although in this case you have to make a very definite outline with the leaves and then ensure that it is echoed in the shape that the flowers make in the centre of the design .
80–1 ) , although in this case you have to make a very definite outline with the leaves and then [make sure] that it is echoed in the shape that the flowers make in the centre of the design .

Once you have completed your design , you must ensure that you cover it with a sheet of glass should you have to leave it at any time .
once you have completed your design , you must [make sure] that you cover it with a sheet of glass should you have to leave it at any time .

If necessary , use an angle-poise lamp to ensure that every hair or piece of fluff has been spotted and then removed .
if necessary , use an angle-poise lamp to [make sure] that every hair or piece of fluff has been spotted and then removed .

Carefully study the entire design , check that you have glued everything in place properly , and then gently brush away any hairs , fluff or any other foreign bodies from the background and ensure that the picture itself is absolutely pristine .
carefully study the entire design , check that you have glued everything in place properly , and then gently brush away any hairs , fluff or any other foreign bodies from the background and [make sure] that the picture itself is absolutely pristine .

If you ensure that you have packed the suitable equipment in a suitcase or the boot of your car , you should be able to solve all these problems .
if you [make sure] that you have packed the suitable equipment in a suitcase or the boot of your car , you should be able to solve all these problems .

You should use a plain paper , to give a good background for the pressed flowers , and ensure that it is fairly thick to absorb the glue without becoming transparent .
you should use a plain paper , to give a good background for the pressed flowers , and [make sure] that it is fairly thick to absorb the glue without becoming transparent .

The fabric is cut to the size of the glass , although you must be careful to ensure that the grain of the fabric runs in a straight line , otherwise it is very obvious and will distract from the finished design .
the fabric is cut to the size of the glass , although you must be careful to [make sure] that the grain of the fabric runs in a straight line , otherwise it is very obvious and will distract from the finished design .

Creating a design of this type affords you plenty of scope in choosing pressed flowers and colour schemes , but you must ensure that they complement the mount and frame .
creating a design of this type affords you plenty of scope in choosing pressed flowers and colour schemes , but you must [make sure] that they complement the mount and frame .

Assuming that you have managed to secure the pieces without any glue showing , the trickiest part of the operation comes next : you must now ensure that the mirror is scrupulously clean and free from dust .
assuming that you have managed to secure the pieces without any glue showing , the trickiest part of the operation comes next : you must now [make sure] that the mirror is scrupulously clean and free from dust .

When making a pressed flower mirror you must ensure that you choose a fairly sturdy frame , with a reasonable depth of rebate .
when making a pressed flower mirror you must [make sure] that you choose a fairly sturdy frame , with a reasonable depth of rebate .

It has been held under the drink/driving law that the object of requiring the officer to be ‘ in uniform ’ was to ensure that the constable would be easily recognised as such by the public .
it has been held under the drink/driving law that the object of requiring the officer to be ‘ in uniform ’ was to [make sure] that the constable would be easily recognised as such by the public .

Most of the tensile stresses in tools are due to bending and by keeping stone tools short and compact stresses could be kept low enough to ensure reasonable durability .
most of the tensile stresses in tools are due to bending and by keeping stone tools short and compact stresses could be kept low enough to [make sure] reasonable durability .

And to ensure every carrot is bite-sized and every strawberry perfectly small and red , suppliers are sent a picture of the product with a ruler next it .
and to [make sure] every carrot is bite-sized and every strawberry perfectly small and red , suppliers are sent a picture of the product with a ruler next it .

Apart from low-flying muffins , Karen must ensure menu-makers go for food that is easy to reheat — spinach and roast potatoes get the thumbs down , rice and broccoli the thumbs up .
apart from low-flying muffins , karen must [make sure] menu-makers go for food that is easy to reheat — spinach and roast potatoes get the thumbs down , rice and broccoli the thumbs up .

With a little advance preparation , though , you can ensure you have time to relax and enjoy Christmas morning .
with a little advance preparation , though , you can [make sure] you have time to relax and enjoy christmas morning .

Most schoolgirls are vaccinated against rubella , but it does n't ensure immunity .
most schoolgirls are vaccinated against rubella , but it does n't [make sure] immunity .

This could act as an evolutionary warning device to ensure only top specimens mate and pass on thriving genes .
this could act as an evolutionary warning device to [make sure] only top specimens mate and pass on thriving genes .

And the onus will be on employers to ensure their offices comply with the Display Screen Regulations .
and the onus will be on employers to [make sure] their offices comply with the display screen regulations .

And in January it goes on sale at Ryman so homeowners can ensure their freezers or video recorders are not turned off by mistake .
and in january it goes on sale at ryman so homeowners can [make sure] their freezers or video recorders are not turned off by mistake .

‘ Spielberg is a games fanatic himself and has a hands-on involvement to ensure the final result is as faithful as possible to his original idea .
‘ spielberg is a games fanatic himself and has a hands-on involvement to [make sure] the final result is as faithful as possible to his original idea .

Sweet scents ensure success
sweet scents [make sure] success

Each year more than 850,000 Britons pay an annual subscription to ensure they get their copy of Which ?
each year more than 850,000 britons pay an annual subscription to [make sure] they get their copy of which ?

To ensure she and her children are not quietly excluded from the Royal inner circle , she insisted she should be allowed , on State occasions , to join the Prince for official functions such as the Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph and that , from time to time , she and her children should be official guests at Sandringham and Buckingham Palace .
to [make sure] she and her children are not quietly excluded from the royal inner circle , she insisted she should be allowed , on state occasions , to join the prince for official functions such as the remembrance day service at the cenotaph and that , from time to time , she and her children should be official guests at sandringham and buckingham palace .

His co-star , actress Audrey Jenkinson , apprentice jockey Mo in the series , was there to say goodbye to her favourite horse , and to ensure he would go to a good home .
his co-star , actress audrey jenkinson , apprentice jockey mo in the series , was there to say goodbye to her favourite horse , and to [make sure] he would go to a good home .

‘ The system works with the driver and is programmed to ensure the driver remains in control at all times , ’ says a Mazda spokesman .
‘ the system works with the driver and is programmed to [make sure] the driver remains in control at all times , ’ says a mazda spokesman .

‘ If Diana can be accused of contriving anything then it is to ensure her own survival . ’
‘ if diana can be accused of contriving anything then it is to [make sure] her own survival . ’

When the European trade bar riers are lifted on January 1 French store owners expect an army of Brits to land — eager to snap up bargain-basement alcohol and cigarettes and ensure the happiest of New Years .
when the european trade bar riers are lifted on january 1 french store owners expect an army of brits to land — eager to snap up bargain-basement alcohol and cigarettes and [make sure] the happiest of new years .

And he could ensure those banks that have delayed interest re-adjustments cough up the entire amount — back-dated .
and he could [make sure] those banks that have delayed interest re-adjustments cough up the entire amount — back-dated .

It is such an amateurish effort that it is little wonder the Government has tried to ensure that it is not widely available .
it is such an amateurish effort that it is little wonder the government has tried to [make sure] that it is not widely available .

And he 's prepared to make ‘ harsh decisions ‘ to ensure he gets the return he wants in time for Saturday 's League match against Southampton at The Dell .
and he 's prepared to make ‘ harsh decisions ‘ to [make sure] he gets the return he wants in time for saturday 's league match against southampton at the dell .

Superintendent Clive Fothergill said : ‘ We would have taken appropriate measures to ensure he could have come and gone like any other team manager . ’
superintendent clive fothergill said : ‘ we would have taken appropriate measures to [make sure] he could have come and gone like any other team manager . ’

Wednesday survived some fearsome pressure until Hirst 's strike provided enough breathing space to ensure Monkou 's 79th-minute reply was no more than a consolation goal .
wednesday survived some fearsome pressure until hirst 's strike provided enough breathing space to [make sure] monkou 's 79th-minute reply was no more than a consolation goal .

Let 's say we probably have enough points to ensure staying up .
let 's say we probably have enough points to [make sure] staying up .

‘ It 's going to be a real test of character to ensure we stay up because relegation is unthinkable for a club of this status just when the league is expanding . ’
‘ it 's going to be a real test of character to [make sure] we stay up because relegation is unthinkable for a club of this status just when the league is expanding . ’

Extrovert Biggins is one of five survivors from the side that thumped West Brom 4-2 away and then lost 1-0 to Everton in a fourth-round ‘ home ’ tie , switched to Goodison Park to ensure a big pay day .
extrovert biggins is one of five survivors from the side that thumped west brom 4-2 away and then lost 1-0 to everton in a fourth-round ‘ home ’ tie , switched to goodison park to [make sure] a big pay day .

And with five minutes remaining , United keeper Peter Schmeichel pulled off a magnificent double-save from Quinn and then David White to ensure victory .
and with five minutes remaining , united keeper peter schmeichel pulled off a magnificent double-save from quinn and then david white to [make sure] victory .

Senna went on to win nine Formula Three races in succession and his success was to ensure a regular succession of hopeful young Brazilians leaving home to drive under the watchful eyes of Bennetts .
senna went on to win nine formula three races in succession and his success was to [make sure] a regular succession of hopeful young brazilians leaving home to drive under the watchful eyes of bennetts .

The only German in the field , Michael Stich , beat top seed Stefan Edberg to ensure continuing home-country interest in the absence of Boris Becker , who is giving the tournament a miss because of tiredness .
the only german in the field , michael stich , beat top seed stefan edberg to [make sure] continuing home-country interest in the absence of boris becker , who is giving the tournament a miss because of tiredness .

On top of that , Wright has his England future to worry about because much as he may look forward to an avalanche of goals against San Marino in February , first he must ensure his presence in the team , then be in control of himself when the chances come .
on top of that , wright has his england future to worry about because much as he may look forward to an avalanche of goals against san marino in february , first he must [make sure] his presence in the team , then be in control of himself when the chances come .

Hall made a brief reply and a policeman had to step in to ensure the exchange remained purely verbal .
hall made a brief reply and a policeman had to step in to [make sure] the exchange remained purely verbal .

They are , temporarily and on a smaller scale , in the same position as banks or building societies or insurance companies , all of which are subject to special regulatory regimes to ensure that depositors and policyholders are adequately protected .
they are , temporarily and on a smaller scale , in the same position as banks or building societies or insurance companies , all of which are subject to special regulatory regimes to [make sure] that depositors and policyholders are adequately protected .

It could simply be a requirement for a bond or an insurance policy that would ensure repayment for depositors in the event of a collapse .
it could simply be a requirement for a bond or an insurance policy that would [make sure] repayment for depositors in the event of a collapse .

Mr Riley says that auditors may have to be ring-fenced to ensure their independence .
mr riley says that auditors may have to be ring-fenced to [make sure] their independence .

The Institute of Taxation has stepped up its campaign to ensure that the Institute 's Tax Faculty proposals for a specialist examination are killed off , with a call for all its chartered accountant members to reject the idea .
the institute of taxation has stepped up its campaign to [make sure] that the institute 's tax faculty proposals for a specialist examination are killed off , with a call for all its chartered accountant members to reject the idea .

This is followed up by a second editorial in the September issue in which Ms Ainsworth urges IoT members to use their influence ‘ to ensure that the examination proposals do not get support ’ .
this is followed up by a second editorial in the september issue in which ms ainsworth urges iot members to use their influence ‘ to [make sure] that the examination proposals do not get support ’ .

But with the resurgence in business , those who are left are having to work long hours to ensure that the quality of service to clients is not affected , and she believes that she will have to start recruiting again before long .
but with the resurgence in business , those who are left are having to work long hours to [make sure] that the quality of service to clients is not affected , and she believes that she will have to start recruiting again before long .

But stability alone is not enough to ensure the prosperity of British industry .
but stability alone is not enough to [make sure] the prosperity of british industry .

Furthermore , with more women seeking to enter the profession — almost 70 % of the Institute 's female membership is under the age of 35 , while 36 % of its students currently training are women — more initiatives are required to ensure that the investment in training is not wasted and that the economic value of a vital resource is fully realised .
furthermore , with more women seeking to enter the profession — almost 70 % of the institute 's female membership is under the age of 35 , while 36 % of its students currently training are women — more initiatives are required to [make sure] that the investment in training is not wasted and that the economic value of a vital resource is fully realised .

Faced with the threat of predatory takeover bids , companies strove to ensure that their accounts emphasised success .
faced with the threat of predatory takeover bids , companies strove to [make sure] that their accounts emphasised success .

These two conditions ensure that only gains for which there is a high degree of certainty ( of both their existence and amount ) are included in the p & l account .
these two conditions [make sure] that only gains for which there is a high degree of certainty ( of both their existence and amount ) are included in the p & l account .

Tomkins made no major acquisitions during 1991/92 , and therefore decided that this was an ideal opportunity ‘ to ensure that we are obtaining the best quality audit worldwide , consistent with a justifiable level of cost ’ .
tomkins made no major acquisitions during 1991/92 , and therefore decided that this was an ideal opportunity ‘ to [make sure] that we are obtaining the best quality audit worldwide , consistent with a justifiable level of cost ’ .

An Employment Policy Institute report , Disabled in the Labour Market : Economic Report , Volume 7 , states that 75 % of employers are failing to ensure that 3 % of their staff are registered disabled .
an employment policy institute report , disabled in the labour market : economic report , volume 7 , states that 75 % of employers are failing to [make sure] that 3 % of their staff are registered disabled .

Apart from the obvious benefits of this wider involvement the initial enquiries ensure that the questions on which the analysis will subsequently be based are realistic and important to the activity to be reviewed .
apart from the obvious benefits of this wider involvement the initial enquiries [make sure] that the questions on which the analysis will subsequently be based are realistic and important to the activity to be reviewed .

The objective is simple — to ensure that others learn from the experience of the identified ‘ best ’ and raise their own level of performance to that which has been shown to be attainable .
the objective is simple — to [make sure] that others learn from the experience of the identified ‘ best ’ and raise their own level of performance to that which has been shown to be attainable .

The funding problem is linked to the Institute 's own financial problems , but this year 's District Societies Steering Committee is being very positive on this issue and is doing all it can to ensure a reasonable level of funding .
the funding problem is linked to the institute 's own financial problems , but this year 's district societies steering committee is being very positive on this issue and is doing all it can to [make sure] a reasonable level of funding .

Apart from the need to reduce delays in the investigation of complaints there is no more important issue than the need to ensure that serious misconduct is met with suitable sanctions , and that the costs of disciplinary proceedings should , so far as is practicable and just , be borne by those who cause us to incur those costs .
apart from the need to reduce delays in the investigation of complaints there is no more important issue than the need to [make sure] that serious misconduct is met with suitable sanctions , and that the costs of disciplinary proceedings should , so far as is practicable and just , be borne by those who cause us to incur those costs .

The company also agreed to provide a more adequate explanation of changes in accounting policy in future , and the Panel welcomed the directors ' intention ‘ to ensure that future notes will include reiteration of the former policy as well as a description of the new policy ’ .
the company also agreed to provide a more adequate explanation of changes in accounting policy in future , and the panel welcomed the directors ' intention ‘ to [make sure] that future notes will include reiteration of the former policy as well as a description of the new policy ’ .

All investing parties should use their influence to ensure that companies in which they have invested comply with the code .
all investing parties should use their influence to [make sure] that companies in which they have invested comply with the code .

Airtours might not repeat last year 's extraordinary feats , but its cash pile and cautious management should ensure that it does not lend further credence to the current theory — that this year 's fastest grower is next year 's insolvency .
airtours might not repeat last year 's extraordinary feats , but its cash pile and cautious management should [make sure] that it does not lend further credence to the current theory — that this year 's fastest grower is next year 's insolvency .

It is also advisable to commission a space planner to review the accommodation to be sub-let and ensure that there is optimum use of the sub-let space with minimum loss to the existing accommodation .
it is also advisable to commission a space planner to review the accommodation to be sub-let and [make sure] that there is optimum use of the sub-let space with minimum loss to the existing accommodation .

Alternatively , any firm which has made a definite decision not to seek authorisation must ensure that it understands what constitutes investment business and , having established that it can refer clients to suitable authorised independent advisers , avoid further involvement like the plague .
alternatively , any firm which has made a definite decision not to seek authorisation must [make sure] that it understands what constitutes investment business and , having established that it can refer clients to suitable authorised independent advisers , avoid further involvement like the plague .

Given that there is no downside , groups should ensure that a valid group income election is in place for all members .
given that there is no downside , groups should [make sure] that a valid group income election is in place for all members .

Head office could ensure goal congruence by working out a masterplan and then issuing detailed instructions to each division : make this many units , transfer them to that division in the following numbers at the following prices .
head office could [make sure] goal congruence by working out a masterplan and then issuing detailed instructions to each division : make this many units , transfer them to that division in the following numbers at the following prices .

The European Commission has now decided to draft a proposal dealing specifically with heavy vehicle drivers to enforce harmonisation of working conditions and in particular to ensure a consistent definition of ‘ working time ’ as well as driving time .
the european commission has now decided to draft a proposal dealing specifically with heavy vehicle drivers to enforce harmonisation of working conditions and in particular to [make sure] a consistent definition of ‘ working time ’ as well as driving time .

The purpose of the sacrifice is to ensure the fertility and well-being of the individual , his family and domestic animals and ultimately the whole community .
the purpose of the sacrifice is to [make sure] the fertility and well-being of the individual , his family and domestic animals and ultimately the whole community .

Among the Kimberley tribes the snakes are called Unguds , the word ‘ Ungud ’ being applied primarily to a life principle or a ‘ vital force ’ , and the natives believe that the Wandjina and Ungud paintings must be restored at the beginning of the wet season to ensure that rain will fall and fertilization proceed .
among the kimberley tribes the snakes are called unguds , the word ‘ ungud ’ being applied primarily to a life principle or a ‘ vital force ’ , and the natives believe that the wandjina and ungud paintings must be restored at the beginning of the wet season to [make sure] that rain will fall and fertilization proceed .

Poor Sir Isaac Newton , the father of modern science ; if he only knew , he would surely return to Earth and rewrite his books in Sanskrit to ensure a full understanding of their content .
poor sir isaac newton , the father of modern science ; if he only knew , he would surely return to earth and rewrite his books in sanskrit to [make sure] a full understanding of their content .

Akasha is evoked in India in the form of a Goddess when a house is being built to ensure its completion .
akasha is evoked in india in the form of a goddess when a house is being built to [make sure] its completion .

The organization is free to use any available social mechanisms to enforce compliance and ensure its own stability .
the organization is free to use any available social mechanisms to enforce compliance and [make sure] its own stability .

Anyone having responsibility for an assignment must have sufficient authority delegated to him to ensure the success of the assignment .
anyone having responsibility for an assignment must have sufficient authority delegated to him to [make sure] the success of the assignment .

While people recognized that ‘ unions are as strong as the members make them ’ little was done to ensure that shop stewards had authority from the work force .
while people recognized that ‘ unions are as strong as the members make them ’ little was done to [make sure] that shop stewards had authority from the work force .

These were perceived as tools of management , [ who ] were only interested in productivity and in milking as much as possible out of their work force and were thus responded to by a work force who were determined to ensure that their rewards were as high as possible , and thus there was a perceived necessity to fool the time and motion man .
these were perceived as tools of management , [ who ] were only interested in productivity and in milking as much as possible out of their work force and were thus responded to by a work force who were determined to [make sure] that their rewards were as high as possible , and thus there was a perceived necessity to fool the time and motion man .

If we compare much of contemporary task execution with primitive work , such as hunting , the whole tasks are obvious in the sense that discretion has to be used to ensure the death of the quarry and the result is manifest .
if we compare much of contemporary task execution with primitive work , such as hunting , the whole tasks are obvious in the sense that discretion has to be used to [make sure] the death of the quarry and the result is manifest .

Putting both the police and headmen under the control of government agents did not ensure that they worked together .
putting both the police and headmen under the control of government agents did not [make sure] that they worked together .

While provision was made to treat first offenders leniently , other legislation was passed to ensure that ‘ habitual criminals ’ received harsher punishment .
while provision was made to treat first offenders leniently , other legislation was passed to [make sure] that ‘ habitual criminals ’ received harsher punishment .

’ In some courts a payment was needed to see the magistrate , or to ensure that one 's case was heard promptly .
’ in some courts a payment was needed to see the magistrate , or to [make sure] that one 's case was heard promptly .

Thieves deliberately transported cattle across the boundaries of the police jurisdictions , and senior police officers did not exercise enough supervision to ensure that adjacent stations co-operated with each other .
thieves deliberately transported cattle across the boundaries of the police jurisdictions , and senior police officers did not exercise enough supervision to [make sure] that adjacent stations co-operated with each other .

To give this impression would ensure shipwreck on a reef which we shall in any case be lucky to avoid , the indifference of the reader who takes it for granted that we are trying to deduce imperatives from the facts of which one ought to be aware , and assumes in advance that there has to be a flaw somewhere , hardly worth the trouble of locating , as in a new proposal for a perpetual-motion machine .
to give this impression would [make sure] shipwreck on a reef which we shall in any case be lucky to avoid , the indifference of the reader who takes it for granted that we are trying to deduce imperatives from the facts of which one ought to be aware , and assumes in advance that there has to be a flaw somewhere , hardly worth the trouble of locating , as in a new proposal for a perpetual-motion machine .

Blaina always felt that they had the ability to go up last season so , to ensure that they do not miss out a second time , a new team manager was recruited and given the task of harnessing the club 's talent .
blaina always felt that they had the ability to go up last season so , to [make sure] that they do not miss out a second time , a new team manager was recruited and given the task of harnessing the club 's talent .

‘ To ensure this Law 20(2) , which states the front row must be positioned ‘ no more than one arm 's length from their opponents ’ shoulders . ’
‘ to [make sure] this law 20(2) , which states the front row must be positioned ‘ no more than one arm 's length from their opponents ’ shoulders . ’

They expect us as a matter of course to advise them if they should be taking advantage of their inheritance and capital gains tax exemptions and to ensure that the share capital structure of their companies is maintained to ensure they are not in control for any tax-related purpose , but can still ensure young Harry is kept in his place .
they expect us as a matter of course to advise them if they should be taking advantage of their inheritance and capital gains tax exemptions and to [make sure] that the share capital structure of their companies is maintained to [make sure] they are not in control for any tax-related purpose , but can still [make sure] young harry is kept in his place .

Likewise , our Institute must lobby to ensure that , if change has to come , then only registered auditors or at least members of the Institute are permitted to sign the compilation report .
likewise , our institute must lobby to [make sure] that , if change has to come , then only registered auditors or at least members of the institute are permitted to sign the compilation report .

Firms are divided over proposals requiring audit partners to be rotated every seven years to ensure that they do not develop too cosy a relationship with their clients .
firms are divided over proposals requiring audit partners to be rotated every seven years to [make sure] that they do not develop too cosy a relationship with their clients .

‘ The involvement of a second partner should provide a sufficient safeguard to ensure the objectivity of the audit , even for listed and other public interest companies . ’
‘ the involvement of a second partner should provide a sufficient safeguard to [make sure] the objectivity of the audit , even for listed and other public interest companies . ’

That worked together with the prejudices of the ‘ practical men ’ who built Britain 's early industries — often with little scientific or technical background — to ensure that industrial management remained mediocre .
that worked together with the prejudices of the ‘ practical men ’ who built britain 's early industries — often with little scientific or technical background — to [make sure] that industrial management remained mediocre .

‘ We can ensure that the public has insurance cover ideally suited to their requirements , ’ he says optimistically .
‘ we can [make sure] that the public has insurance cover ideally suited to their requirements , ’ he says optimistically .

This will be necessary because Cadbury had limited terms of reference , and there are many other serious questions of company direction to tackle , such as how to widen the definition of company stakeholders from merely shareholders , how to ensure longer-term financial commitments , and company planning horizons .
this will be necessary because cadbury had limited terms of reference , and there are many other serious questions of company direction to tackle , such as how to widen the definition of company stakeholders from merely shareholders , how to [make sure] longer-term financial commitments , and company planning horizons .

It is of paramount importance to ensure that Tradeco makes the payment under the Deed of Covenant before the end of the accounting year in which the profits arise .
it is of paramount importance to [make sure] that tradeco makes the payment under the deed of covenant before the end of the accounting year in which the profits arise .

The above will ensure that the profits derived from the transactions involving the new site are wholly relieved from tax in the hands of the church .
the above will [make sure] that the profits derived from the transactions involving the new site are wholly relieved from tax in the hands of the church .

The change of strategy to ensure the firm 's survival has meant some hard decisions for managing partner Hugh Aldous .
the change of strategy to [make sure] the firm 's survival has meant some hard decisions for managing partner hugh aldous .

Mr Aldous and his senior partners have been at pains to ensure that this danger has been minimised at Robson Rhodes .
mr aldous and his senior partners have been at pains to [make sure] that this danger has been minimised at robson rhodes .

Mr Aldous insists that Robson Rhodes demonstrates compassion by making every effort to ensure people obliged to leave the firm have somewhere else to go .
mr aldous insists that robson rhodes demonstrates compassion by making every effort to [make sure] people obliged to leave the firm have somewhere else to go .

Care needs to be taken to ensure that there is no loss of retirement relief .
care needs to be taken to [make sure] that there is no loss of retirement relief .

In determining the issue costs of a capital instrument prudence should be exercised to ensure that only those costs which can be demonstrated to relate directly to the issue of the instrument are deducted from the proceeds .
in determining the issue costs of a capital instrument prudence should be exercised to [make sure] that only those costs which can be demonstrated to relate directly to the issue of the instrument are deducted from the proceeds .

For example , one method is that subordinated debt may be repaid only when certain conditions are met , which are intended to ensure that the interests of other creditors are not impaired by the repayment .
for example , one method is that subordinated debt may be repaid only when certain conditions are met , which are intended to [make sure] that the interests of other creditors are not impaired by the repayment .

If the amount notified is wrong , a simple call to the bank asking it to suspend collection is all that is required to ensure that no money is transferred .
if the amount notified is wrong , a simple call to the bank asking it to suspend collection is all that is required to [make sure] that no money is transferred .

All members owe it to themselves , and their fellow professionals , to ensure that they are professionally up-to-date and that the reputation and value of their qualification is safe-guarded .
all members owe it to themselves , and their fellow professionals , to [make sure] that they are professionally up-to-date and that the reputation and value of their qualification is safe-guarded .

As you march stiffly to the bar , still clutching your medal and foil blanket , do ensure that you 've already drunk at least four to six pints of non-alcoholic fluids and consumed the equivalent of a square meal .
as you march stiffly to the bar , still clutching your medal and foil blanket , do [make sure] that you 've already drunk at least four to six pints of non-alcoholic fluids and consumed the equivalent of a square meal .

They advise you to ensure you have a good back support when you come and rest after 26.2 miles .
they advise you to [make sure] you have a good back support when you come and rest after 26.2 miles .

The clichés have abounded ; Pedrosa , a larger-than-life character , has been cast in the role of tough guy , struggling to ensure that his Rosa is given a fair chance .
the clichés have abounded ; pedrosa , a larger-than-life character , has been cast in the role of tough guy , struggling to [make sure] that his rosa is given a fair chance .

Set all alarm clocks in the house to ensure you get up at the right hour , or if you 're in a guest house , ask for a breakfast call , nice and early . Oh , and no sex please , you 're a marathon runner !
set all alarm clocks in the house to [make sure] you get up at the right hour , or if you 're in a guest house , ask for a breakfast call , nice and early . oh , and no sex please , you 're a marathon runner !

The Huarache employs external strapping in lieu of a heel counter , a neoprene/lycra sock to ensure close fit , and a sculpted midsole to partially enclose the foot .
the huarache employs external strapping in lieu of a heel counter , a neoprene/lycra sock to [make sure] close fit , and a sculpted midsole to partially enclose the foot .

The local pub throws a race night before the event and on the day everyone knows they have a particular task to perform to ensure the race is a success .
the local pub throws a race night before the event and on the day everyone knows they have a particular task to perform to [make sure] the race is a success .

As for the Pilkington Cup , to ensure the senior clubs are protected , including the relegated ones , the counties are to lose 10 places in the competition from season 1993–94 .
as for the pilkington cup , to [make sure] the senior clubs are protected , including the relegated ones , the counties are to lose 10 places in the competition from season 1993–94 .

The ref 's job will be to ensure that these guys stay on-side .
the ref 's job will be to [make sure] that these guys stay on-side .

Ensure that there is adequate air-space between the water-level and the cover-glass .
[make sure] that there is adequate air-space between the water-level and the cover-glass .

Know your job description and ensure that your work is in line with it .
know your job description and [make sure] that your work is in line with it .

When the camcorder battery warning light comes on , recharge the battery to ensure that it is ready for the next time it is needed .
when the camcorder battery warning light comes on , recharge the battery to [make sure] that it is ready for the next time it is needed .

At this hour , artificial light will be all the light there is , and your main job the night before will be to ensure that there is sufficient for your purposes .
at this hour , artificial light will be all the light there is , and your main job the night before will be to [make sure] that there is sufficient for your purposes .

With this in mind , when you are shooting camera-originals which are to be assemble edited later , shoot them with at least five seconds of spare length at the beginning of each shot ; this not only facilitates the offsetting of the backspace but also helps to ensure that the edits will be stable on the copy .
with this in mind , when you are shooting camera-originals which are to be assemble edited later , shoot them with at least five seconds of spare length at the beginning of each shot ; this not only facilitates the offsetting of the backspace but also helps to [make sure] that the edits will be stable on the copy .

For all your sound recording , take care to ensure that your microphone leads and audio connections are electrically sound and properly screened from hum pick-up , so that the signal arrives at the camcorder in the best possible condition .
for all your sound recording , take care to [make sure] that your microphone leads and audio connections are electrically sound and properly screened from hum pick-up , so that the signal arrives at the camcorder in the best possible condition .

The statement says that where a member 's opinion is sought on the application of accounting standards or principles to specific circumstances or transactions of an entity of which he is not the auditor , he should ensure that he has access to all relevant information , he should contact the auditor to provide an opportunity for the latter to bring to his attention any relevant facts and , given his client 's permission , he should provide a copy of his opinion to the auditor .
the statement says that where a member 's opinion is sought on the application of accounting standards or principles to specific circumstances or transactions of an entity of which he is not the auditor , he should [make sure] that he has access to all relevant information , he should contact the auditor to provide an opportunity for the latter to bring to his attention any relevant facts and , given his client 's permission , he should provide a copy of his opinion to the auditor .

We are committed to making any changes that may be required to ensure that we can and do regulate effectively .
we are committed to making any changes that may be required to [make sure] that we can and do regulate effectively .

The Committee has shied away from recommending any sanction more drastic than public censure , such as delisting , for failure to include the statement of compliance , and it is to rely on shareholders to use their influence to ensure compliance with the elements of the code .
the committee has shied away from recommending any sanction more drastic than public censure , such as delisting , for failure to include the statement of compliance , and it is to rely on shareholders to use their influence to [make sure] compliance with the elements of the code .

Sir Adrian Cadbury : Market forces will ensure compliance
sir adrian cadbury : market forces will [make sure] compliance

The move to clamp down on specialist valuations is another step in the campaign by the Chartered Accountants Joint Ethics Committee to ensure that auditors are seen to be independent .
the move to clamp down on specialist valuations is another step in the campaign by the chartered accountants joint ethics committee to [make sure] that auditors are seen to be independent .

Roger Davis , head of audit at Coopers & Lybrand , has called for a corporate governance panel — similar to the City 's Takeover Panel — to be set up to ensure that the voluntary system of corporate governance , recommended in the Cadbury report , is effective .
roger davis , head of audit at coopers & lybrand , has called for a corporate governance panel — similar to the city 's takeover panel — to be set up to [make sure] that the voluntary system of corporate governance , recommended in the cadbury report , is effective .

Despite early snowfalls throughout the Alps , the best way to ensure good snow for your holiday is to aim high — especially if you are going in March or later .
despite early snowfalls throughout the alps , the best way to [make sure] good snow for your holiday is to aim high — especially if you are going in march or later .

The question is whether prices and mortgage rates have fallen far enough to ensure that this position will be reached in the near future .
the question is whether prices and mortgage rates have fallen far enough to [make sure] that this position will be reached in the near future .

It is shareholders who , at least in theory , appoint the chairman and should ensure a balanced board and therefore have perhaps the primary role in enforcing the Cadbury code .
it is shareholders who , at least in theory , appoint the chairman and should [make sure] a balanced board and therefore have perhaps the primary role in enforcing the cadbury code .

It is important to appreciate at the start that this must represent the core of your studies , and that completion of this , as set , will almost certainly ensure a successful exam result .
it is important to appreciate at the start that this must represent the core of your studies , and that completion of this , as set , will almost certainly [make sure] a successful exam result .

Implementation of the Cadbury proposals to enhance the role of non-executive directors , and to ensure that all listed companies have an active audit committee will strengthen the auditor 's position vis-a-vis client management .
implementation of the cadbury proposals to enhance the role of non-executive directors , and to [make sure] that all listed companies have an active audit committee will strengthen the auditor 's position vis-a-vis client management .

If so , can it support the necessary level of borrowing ( or even an acceptable level of borrowing ) to ensure that the pain is minimised in the recycled debt ?
if so , can it support the necessary level of borrowing ( or even an acceptable level of borrowing ) to [make sure] that the pain is minimised in the recycled debt ?

The Directive 's aim is to ensure that partnerships that are used as a vehicle by limited liability companies are not exempt from the accounting requirements of the Fourth and Seventh Directives .
the directive 's aim is to [make sure] that partnerships that are used as a vehicle by limited liability companies are not exempt from the accounting requirements of the fourth and seventh directives .

The employer 's main duties are to assess display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .
the employer 's main duties are to assess display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; [make sure] that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .

‘ In many instances all that will be needed will be advice on the improvements necessary and a check later to ensure that they have been made ’ , while more serious problems need firm action .
‘ in many instances all that will be needed will be advice on the improvements necessary and a check later to [make sure] that they have been made ’ , while more serious problems need firm action .

This corporate issuer must review this range of activities carefully to ensure that the risk of underpricing the bonds is minimised .
this corporate issuer must review this range of activities carefully to [make sure] that the risk of underpricing the bonds is minimised .

In these circumstances the treasurer should ensure that the bank 's desire to complete the transaction does not influence its advice on the pricing of the securities .
in these circumstances the treasurer should [make sure] that the bank 's desire to complete the transaction does not influence its advice on the pricing of the securities .

Those of us in smaller accountancy practices have to be particularly careful as to the level of costs incurred whilst trying to ensure that we maintain a high quality service .
those of us in smaller accountancy practices have to be particularly careful as to the level of costs incurred whilst trying to [make sure] that we maintain a high quality service .

It also requires firms to implement quality controls to ensure that independence and objectivity are maintained .
it also requires firms to implement quality controls to [make sure] that independence and objectivity are maintained .

Companies such as Rank Xerox are so dedicated to the idea that they are inverting their organisation structures to ensure that the front-line troops — those who interface most closely with the customer become the focus of attention .
companies such as rank xerox are so dedicated to the idea that they are inverting their organisation structures to [make sure] that the front-line troops — those who interface most closely with the customer become the focus of attention .

The Board 's aim is to ensure that offshore financial activities are run properly so that the islands can avoid becoming potential breeding grounds for illegal activities .
the board 's aim is to [make sure] that offshore financial activities are run properly so that the islands can avoid becoming potential breeding grounds for illegal activities .

Cyprus is also traditionally used for holding interests in the Middle East , partly as a security measure , and partly in conjunction with a Dutch holding company , to ensure that dividends from nil tax countries have a small amount of tax levied in Cyprus ( thereby ensuring qualification for exemption from Dutch tax ) .
cyprus is also traditionally used for holding interests in the middle east , partly as a security measure , and partly in conjunction with a dutch holding company , to [make sure] that dividends from nil tax countries have a small amount of tax levied in cyprus ( thereby ensuring qualification for exemption from dutch tax ) .

It is important to monitor the changing environment and ensure that arrangements produce the most favourable result for the investor .
it is important to monitor the changing environment and [make sure] that arrangements produce the most favourable result for the investor .

Nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the maintenance of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .
nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to [make sure] the maintenance of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .

Systems should by now have been analysed to ensure that the correct information is provided , and within the time scales allowed .
systems should by now have been analysed to [make sure] that the correct information is provided , and within the time scales allowed .

He says that it is important for partners in the smaller firm always to ensure that they will be adequately represented in the combined firm 's management structure .
he says that it is important for partners in the smaller firm always to [make sure] that they will be adequately represented in the combined firm 's management structure .

The initial proposal for transferring the religious to the larger houses to ensure a strengthened reformed monasticism was short-lived and the great houses began to surrender in 1537 , as an insurance policy against wholesale deprivation .
the initial proposal for transferring the religious to the larger houses to [make sure] a strengthened reformed monasticism was short-lived and the great houses began to surrender in 1537 , as an insurance policy against wholesale deprivation .

Where more than one patron existed or disagreement looked probable every step was taken to ensure compromise .
where more than one patron existed or disagreement looked probable every step was taken to [make sure] compromise .

Christmas Day in Bart 's Kenton ward was a children 's delight as staff pulled out all the stops to ensure patients had a magical day .
christmas day in bart 's kenton ward was a children 's delight as staff pulled out all the stops to [make sure] patients had a magical day .

Speaking at Midnight Mass at St Patrick 's Cathedral in Armagh City , Cardinal Daly said a small group of men had the power to call a truce and ensure it was fully observed .
speaking at midnight mass at st patrick 's cathedral in armagh city , cardinal daly said a small group of men had the power to call a truce and [make sure] it was fully observed .

‘ You have to make every effort to ensure they have a rounded life and do n't miss out on things just because there is only one parent there for them , ’ said Mary .
‘ you have to make every effort to [make sure] they have a rounded life and do n't miss out on things just because there is only one parent there for them , ’ said mary .

Police said the measures were ‘ to reassure the public that we are doing everything to ensure their safety ’ .
police said the measures were ‘ to reassure the public that we are doing everything to [make sure] their safety ’ .

Police said the measures were ‘ to reassure the public that we are doing everything to ensure their safety .
police said the measures were ‘ to reassure the public that we are doing everything to [make sure] their safety .

It was just one tactic she used to ensure negotiations with Prince Charles 's lawyers stayed secret .
it was just one tactic she used to [make sure] negotiations with prince charles 's lawyers stayed secret .

Senior British officials were last night urgently considering how they could accelerate the Maastricht process and ensure its passage through the Commons by the summer .
senior british officials were last night urgently considering how they could accelerate the maastricht process and [make sure] its passage through the commons by the summer .

David and wife Catherine had scraped together every last penny to ensure their sons , Stuart , Richard , baby Thomas and Mark , ( from left in picture ) would have the happiest Christmas possible .
david and wife catherine had scraped together every last penny to [make sure] their sons , stuart , richard , baby thomas and mark , ( from left in picture ) would have the happiest christmas possible .

She and her husband Edward will now try to ensure their grandchildren have as good a Christmas as possible at their home in Corsham , Wilts .
she and her husband edward will now try to [make sure] their grandchildren have as good a christmas as possible at their home in corsham , wilts .

Voluntary organisations are anxious to ensure the huge prizes do not draw away much needed cash from their work .
voluntary organisations are anxious to [make sure] the huge prizes do not draw away much needed cash from their work .

What the chapel and the parish managed to ensure , in the last analysis , was that Betty 's last few years were less harrowing than they might otherwise have been .
what the chapel and the parish managed to [make sure] , in the last analysis , was that betty 's last few years were less harrowing than they might otherwise have been .

But one of Charles 's achievements was to ensure that all his children who reached adulthood , male or female , could at least sign their names ; his daughter Elizabeth had produced a most business-like signature at her marriage in 1802 and , here at All Hallows , Benjamin signed with a flourish , above the rather more demure attempt of his new wife .
but one of charles 's achievements was to [make sure] that all his children who reached adulthood , male or female , could at least sign their names ; his daughter elizabeth had produced a most business-like signature at her marriage in 1802 and , here at all hallows , benjamin signed with a flourish , above the rather more demure attempt of his new wife .

We have made mention in passing of mobility within the context of a family 's history : both the ups and down of social mobility according to circumstance , and the more obviously-apparent geographical moves people made to ensure their own survival or to better their lot .
we have made mention in passing of mobility within the context of a family 's history : both the ups and down of social mobility according to circumstance , and the more obviously-apparent geographical moves people made to [make sure] their own survival or to better their lot .

But the two tour operators , Owners and Airtours , have already taken steps to ensure bigger business .
but the two tour operators , owners and airtours , have already taken steps to [make sure] bigger business .

But clearly we have to be careful to ensure that evidence for one phenomenon is not , either by accident or design , adduced in respect of another .
but clearly we have to be careful to [make sure] that evidence for one phenomenon is not , either by accident or design , adduced in respect of another .

But it would be necessary to ensure that the learning which resulted in respect of such content was accepted by students as worth the processing effort .
but it would be necessary to [make sure] that the learning which resulted in respect of such content was accepted by students as worth the processing effort .

This would take pedagogic advantage of the learners ' own experience , and would help to ensure that the tasks were independently purposeful — a crucial design feature if the tasks are to induce language processing consistent with natural use .
this would take pedagogic advantage of the learners ' own experience , and would help to [make sure] that the tasks were independently purposeful — a crucial design feature if the tasks are to induce language processing consistent with natural use .

To ensure that this objective is maintained , it is essential that the highest levels of technical and ethical standards are set and monitored by the professional bodies .
to [make sure] that this objective is maintained , it is essential that the highest levels of technical and ethical standards are set and monitored by the professional bodies .

Indeed , the Consultative Paper , para 9 , states that ‘ … it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the Associate examination of the IoT … ’ The IoT examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on Tax Ethics and Administration , will ensure that the IoT examination retains its relevance for the future .
indeed , the consultative paper , para 9 , states that ‘ … it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the associate examination of the iot … ’ the iot examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on tax ethics and administration , will [make sure] that the iot examination retains its relevance for the future .

First , there must be a continuing and lively debate on ethical matters to ensure that ethical guidance is kept up-to-date .
first , there must be a continuing and lively debate on ethical matters to [make sure] that ethical guidance is kept up-to-date .

Representatives of outside organisations must be closely involved in that debate to help ensure that serious regard is paid to the long-term public interest when changes to ethical guidance are considered .
representatives of outside organisations must be closely involved in that debate to help [make sure] that serious regard is paid to the long-term public interest when changes to ethical guidance are considered .

He felt that ‘ shareholder pressure ’ would ensure compliance with the Code , but added that ‘ if self-regulation does not work , a more bureaucratic legislative solution would be inevitable ’ .
he felt that ‘ shareholder pressure ’ would [make sure] compliance with the code , but added that ‘ if self-regulation does not work , a more bureaucratic legislative solution would be inevitable ’ .

Directors need to make swift , well-informed decisions to ensure that their companies are the first to react and are able to grow at their competitors ' expense .
directors need to make swift , well-informed decisions to [make sure] that their companies are the first to react and are able to grow at their competitors ' expense .

So if the board is to ensure that it is project managing the change effectively , it must have non-financial internal information too .
so if the board is to [make sure] that it is project managing the change effectively , it must have non-financial internal information too .

How can you ensure the information given to senior executives is relevant to the types of business decision they make ?
how can you [make sure] the information given to senior executives is relevant to the types of business decision they make ?

Critical success factors are the limited number of areas in which results , if they are satisfactory , will ensure successful competitive performance .
critical success factors are the limited number of areas in which results , if they are satisfactory , will [make sure] successful competitive performance .

Developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the required key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .
developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will [make sure] that it includes all the required key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .

One of the major concerns is to ensure security ( as far as possible ) and quality of service , rather than simply seek out the highest interest rate or the lowest charges on offer .
one of the major concerns is to [make sure] security ( as far as possible ) and quality of service , rather than simply seek out the highest interest rate or the lowest charges on offer .

First , ensure that the charging authority correctly applies any exemptions or reliefs to which the property or ratepayer is entitled .
first , [make sure] that the charging authority correctly applies any exemptions or reliefs to which the property or ratepayer is entitled .

Second , ensure that the District Valuer correctly identifies the premises occupied and the rateable value is as low as possible .
second , [make sure] that the district valuer correctly identifies the premises occupied and the rateable value is as low as possible .

Any property owner in this position should take immediate advice as action may be necessary both to ensure that the rateable value is as low as possible , and that maximum advantage is taken of the empty rate provisions .
any property owner in this position should take immediate advice as action may be necessary both to [make sure] that the rateable value is as low as possible , and that maximum advantage is taken of the empty rate provisions .

To ‘ work to ensure a system of legal liability for members which provides a reasonable balance between the interests of auditors , preparers and users of accounts ’ is ranked 14th in a list of 15 detailed objectives , which does not encourage one to believe that it is being given a proper priority .
to ‘ work to [make sure] a system of legal liability for members which provides a reasonable balance between the interests of auditors , preparers and users of accounts ’ is ranked 14th in a list of 15 detailed objectives , which does not encourage one to believe that it is being given a proper priority .

There is no reference to any additional expenditure on working to ensure a fairer system of legal liability .
there is no reference to any additional expenditure on working to [make sure] a fairer system of legal liability .

Can you please advise what steps should be taken when registering a company name to ensure that subsequently there is no embarrassment over the use of someone else 's trade mark ?
can you please advise what steps should be taken when registering a company name to [make sure] that subsequently there is no embarrassment over the use of someone else 's trade mark ?

Procedures for preparation of tax computations will have to be reviewed to ensure easy transfer of figures on to the new returns .
procedures for preparation of tax computations will have to be reviewed to [make sure] easy transfer of figures on to the new returns .

Auditors and tax specialists will have to liaise more closely to ensure that internal procedures allow deadlines to be met .
auditors and tax specialists will have to liaise more closely to [make sure] that internal procedures allow deadlines to be met .

System changes ensure clean audit report
system changes [make sure] clean audit report

Amendment has now been made to the legislation to ensure that the time for raising and answering enquiries is calculated correctly .
amendment has now been made to the legislation to [make sure] that the time for raising and answering enquiries is calculated correctly .

So in the case of all who die intestate , and for most of the rather small number who make a will , the outcome of inheritance will be that relatives are beneficiaries , and the legal procedures which ensure this codify a set of obligations to give support which discriminates between close and more distant kin .
so in the case of all who die intestate , and for most of the rather small number who make a will , the outcome of inheritance will be that relatives are beneficiaries , and the legal procedures which [make sure] this codify a set of obligations to give support which discriminates between close and more distant kin .

Typically it means that steps are taken to ensure that women do not take away a proportion of the kin group 's resources when they marry — which can mean variously , that women 's sexuality is tightly controlled , that women are given little choice about whom they marry , that there is a preference for choosing marriage partners from within the kin groups ( Tillion , 1983 ; Goddard , 1987 ) .
typically it means that steps are taken to [make sure] that women do not take away a proportion of the kin group 's resources when they marry — which can mean variously , that women 's sexuality is tightly controlled , that women are given little choice about whom they marry , that there is a preference for choosing marriage partners from within the kin groups ( tillion , 1983 ; goddard , 1987 ) .

At the same time , some women in the older generation believed that they were a less significant source of advice and support for their daughters than their own mothers had been for them , and all were concerned to ensure that their support did not amount to ‘ interference ’ ( Blaxter and Paterson , 1982 , especially pp .
at the same time , some women in the older generation believed that they were a less significant source of advice and support for their daughters than their own mothers had been for them , and all were concerned to [make sure] that their support did not amount to ‘ interference ’ ( blaxter and paterson , 1982 , especially pp .

The nineteenth-century origins of these provisions are closely tied into a desire to hold down state expenditure and to ensure that the wealthier classes did not have to dig too deep into their pockets to support people who could not work for wages .
the nineteenth-century origins of these provisions are closely tied into a desire to hold down state expenditure and to [make sure] that the wealthier classes did not have to dig too deep into their pockets to support people who could not work for wages .

In the early industrial period , where there was an expansion of domestic industrial production , one can see very clearly that co-operative strategies were developed to ensure that the domestic industry was viable .
in the early industrial period , where there was an expansion of domestic industrial production , one can see very clearly that co-operative strategies were developed to [make sure] that the domestic industry was viable .

The idea that there was a golden age of family obligations in the past was born out of a desire to ensure that increasing numbers of elderly people ( and other dependent groups ) in the population did not become too heavy a burden financially upon the wealthier classes ; hence the anxieties about whether working-class people had an adequate sense of ‘ filial affection ’ , which can be documented from at least the nineteenth century .
the idea that there was a golden age of family obligations in the past was born out of a desire to [make sure] that increasing numbers of elderly people ( and other dependent groups ) in the population did not become too heavy a burden financially upon the wealthier classes ; hence the anxieties about whether working-class people had an adequate sense of ‘ filial affection ’ , which can be documented from at least the nineteenth century .

Joseph expects the department to be involved in advocates ' training , ‘ to ensure they understand procedures and what child protection means .
joseph expects the department to be involved in advocates ' training , ‘ to [make sure] they understand procedures and what child protection means .

We humans , however , are not given the power to look into the mind of a penguin and must only accept that this is the best way to ensure survival of the species .
we humans , however , are not given the power to look into the mind of a penguin and must only accept that this is the best way to [make sure] survival of the species .

It was difficult to believe that these birds had been harvested for food on Mykines for generations , or to argue against the Faroese claim that the strict regulations which apply to the fowling are designed to ensure that the population numbers are not adversely affected .
it was difficult to believe that these birds had been harvested for food on mykines for generations , or to argue against the faroese claim that the strict regulations which apply to the fowling are designed to [make sure] that the population numbers are not adversely affected .

Cloned mutated genes were fully sequenced to ensure that the only changes were those required .
cloned mutated genes were fully sequenced to [make sure] that the only changes were those required .

1 ) , using three models of each sex to ensure that responses were not biased by unique characteristics of any one specimen .
1 ) , using three models of each sex to [make sure] that responses were not biased by unique characteristics of any one specimen .

He wants to ensure that , after a general election is held on July 14th , neither she nor Mr Sharif emerges as a strong prime minister .
he wants to [make sure] that , after a general election is held on july 14th , neither she nor mr sharif emerges as a strong prime minister .

In the long run it is not the game wardens — no matter how well financed by international organisations — who will ensure the success of wildlife conservation , but the people who live side by side with wildlife .
in the long run it is not the game wardens — no matter how well financed by international organisations — who will [make sure] the success of wildlife conservation , but the people who live side by side with wildlife .

The agreement to increase wages in eastern Germany by 18 % ( see page 80 ) seems likely to ensure that the high cost will continue for several years .
the agreement to increase wages in eastern germany by 18 % ( see page 80 ) seems likely to [make sure] that the high cost will continue for several years .

The important thing was to ensure that nobody tried to change the border between the new place and Greece .
the important thing was to [make sure] that nobody tried to change the border between the new place and greece .

The Geurrero Centre apparently made every effort to ensure that all the inmates received at least some form of educational tuition during the period of their sentence .
the geurrero centre apparently made every effort to [make sure] that all the inmates received at least some form of educational tuition during the period of their sentence .

Modern Texas prison administration essentially dates from the steps Jester took to ensure that the prisons were run by an accountable board of people with a strong social conscience .
modern texas prison administration essentially dates from the steps jester took to [make sure] that the prisons were run by an accountable board of people with a strong social conscience .

He was adamant that his proposals would not destroy the deterrent value of prisons ; on the contrary , the prohibition of all ‘ riotous amusement ’ would ensure that they were ‘ sufficiently irksome and disagreeable , especially to the idle and profligate ’ .
he was adamant that his proposals would not destroy the deterrent value of prisons ; on the contrary , the prohibition of all ‘ riotous amusement ’ would [make sure] that they were ‘ sufficiently irksome and disagreeable , especially to the idle and profligate ’ .

He intervened rarely , but always decisively , to ensure joint commissions so that the minority ( mostly from the curia ) would be able to accept the Council 's verdict without being humiliated .
he intervened rarely , but always decisively , to [make sure] joint commissions so that the minority ( mostly from the curia ) would be able to accept the council 's verdict without being humiliated .

It was imperative , however , to ensure he would be present at the table of Council presidents when debate was reasonably tranquil .
it was imperative , however , to [make sure] he would be present at the table of council presidents when debate was reasonably tranquil .

Thus the implications of the Eucharistic nature of the Church have never been recognized by Church authority in areas of an acute shortage of priests ; and when , in some of them , episcopal conferences have requested permission to ordain married men to ensure the maintenance of a minimum of regular Eucharistic celebration in local communities , they have been rebuffed by Rome .
thus the implications of the eucharistic nature of the church have never been recognized by church authority in areas of an acute shortage of priests ; and when , in some of them , episcopal conferences have requested permission to ordain married men to [make sure] the maintenance of a minimum of regular eucharistic celebration in local communities , they have been rebuffed by rome .

To say that crime is functional and necessary for society 's health is to say that we must always ensure that we retain a stock of people whom we humiliate , imprison or ( perhaps worst of all ) regard as suitable cases for treatment .
to say that crime is functional and necessary for society 's health is to say that we must always [make sure] that we retain a stock of people whom we humiliate , imprison or ( perhaps worst of all ) regard as suitable cases for treatment .

‘ Certain aspects must be directly provided to ensure cartels are avoided and centres of excellence encouraged , ’ he said .
‘ certain aspects must be directly provided to [make sure] cartels are avoided and centres of excellence encouraged , ’ he said .

He believes the inspector should ensure children are reasonably well looked after , not change a school 's culture .
he believes the inspector should [make sure] children are reasonably well looked after , not change a school 's culture .

Second , identify the conditions of the internal organisation and external relations of residential settings which will ensure the safety and welfare of the child while simultaneously helping growth and development .
second , identify the conditions of the internal organisation and external relations of residential settings which will [make sure] the safety and welfare of the child while simultaneously helping growth and development .

Many of the changes in community care have massive and largely unrecognised implications for women , both as workers and service users , and vigilance and action are needed to ensure oppression is not perpetuated .
many of the changes in community care have massive and largely unrecognised implications for women , both as workers and service users , and vigilance and action are needed to [make sure] oppression is not perpetuated .

She says a new management structure will ensure care staff work closely with the assessment and rehabilitation teams .
she says a new management structure will [make sure] care staff work closely with the assessment and rehabilitation teams .

The trio claimed that the leaders had manipulated the contest to ensure that the list was dominated by orthodox Communists — a charge denied by Mr Anguita , who points out that the second and fourth places on the list were occupied by followers of the slighted trio .
the trio claimed that the leaders had manipulated the contest to [make sure] that the list was dominated by orthodox communists — a charge denied by mr anguita , who points out that the second and fourth places on the list were occupied by followers of the slighted trio .

Citrine and Self also felt a duty to ensure some fairness between Boards in cases where resources or needs differed , or where temporary financial difficulties were encountered .
citrine and self also felt a duty to [make sure] some fairness between boards in cases where resources or needs differed , or where temporary financial difficulties were encountered .

When they try to stunt the growth of waste and to ensure that it is properly disposed of , governments face a real quandary .
when they try to stunt the growth of waste and to [make sure] that it is properly disposed of , governments face a real quandary .

The drawbacks would be mainly administrative : how to ensure that products really did contain as much recycled material as was claimed — and how to apply the scheme to imports .
the drawbacks would be mainly administrative : how to [make sure] that products really did contain as much recycled material as was claimed — and how to apply the scheme to imports .

Elaborate procedures are set out to ensure that both the exporter and the importer know what the wastes are , and where they have come from .
elaborate procedures are set out to [make sure] that both the exporter and the importer know what the wastes are , and where they have come from .

Retailers , closer to the customer and flush with the success of their own-labels , will ensure the death of many brands .
retailers , closer to the customer and flush with the success of their own-labels , will [make sure] the death of many brands .

There were strict age limits for entry to the training establishment maintained by the Company to train its recruits , for cadets and writers had to enter within the ages of fifteen and twenty-two , and there was thus great anxiety to secure a place in a director 's list which would ensure that an appointment could be secured before age excluded the candidate for ever .
there were strict age limits for entry to the training establishment maintained by the company to train its recruits , for cadets and writers had to enter within the ages of fifteen and twenty-two , and there was thus great anxiety to secure a place in a director 's list which would [make sure] that an appointment could be secured before age excluded the candidate for ever .

Failure to secure an appointment , particularly when that failure could be linked to an appearance of neglect , would produce lasting enmity more certainly than the gift of patronage could ensure permanent friendship .
failure to secure an appointment , particularly when that failure could be linked to an appearance of neglect , would produce lasting enmity more certainly than the gift of patronage could [make sure] permanent friendship .

Postmasters could , and did , ensure that priority was given to the letter advising of these developments which was intended for their own particular political friend in London , and that his enemies ' letters would be delayed until the next post .
postmasters could , and did , [make sure] that priority was given to the letter advising of these developments which was intended for their own particular political friend in london , and that his enemies ' letters would be delayed until the next post .

In the eighteenth century the scales of justice could be tilted in favour of a relative or friend , or it was feared that this was the case , unless strong interest was made in behalf of a litigant in order to ensure equity .
in the eighteenth century the scales of justice could be tilted in favour of a relative or friend , or it was feared that this was the case , unless strong interest was made in behalf of a litigant in order to [make sure] equity .

As this is being written ( in 1985 ) , the publicity given to the case of Jasmine Beckford , who died after she was returned from public care to her parents ' care , will ensure that social workers will once again be reminded of the need to respond to the apparently contradictory demands of society both to intervene effectively and to respect family autonomy .
as this is being written ( in 1985 ) , the publicity given to the case of jasmine beckford , who died after she was returned from public care to her parents ' care , will [make sure] that social workers will once again be reminded of the need to respond to the apparently contradictory demands of society both to intervene effectively and to respect family autonomy .

It seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .
it seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to [make sure] that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .

Embracing such a cause does not ensure a black child 's welfare and may , unwittingly , damage it .
embracing such a cause does not [make sure] a black child 's welfare and may , unwittingly , damage it .

Seeking to ensure that people are seen to live in pleasant , ordinary homes , are seen to drive in ordinary vehicles ( not Sunshine buses , for example ) , go on ordinary holidays ( not with large groups of other people who also have handicaps ) , wear attractive clothes , have attractive hairstyles , receive the same kind of support services as other people , and now , with social role valorisation ( Wolfensberger , 1983 ) be seen to have appropriate , valued roles in society ; seeking all this begins to sound dangerously close to a marketing strategy .
seeking to [make sure] that people are seen to live in pleasant , ordinary homes , are seen to drive in ordinary vehicles ( not sunshine buses , for example ) , go on ordinary holidays ( not with large groups of other people who also have handicaps ) , wear attractive clothes , have attractive hairstyles , receive the same kind of support services as other people , and now , with social role valorisation ( wolfensberger , 1983 ) be seen to have appropriate , valued roles in society ; seeking all this begins to sound dangerously close to a marketing strategy .

It is equally important that their different roles and functions are properly co-ordinated with each other , so that the participants in the process are mindful of all of the child 's needs and rights , that they keep each other well informed , ensure that nothing gets ‘ left out ’ and yet avoid duplication .
it is equally important that their different roles and functions are properly co-ordinated with each other , so that the participants in the process are mindful of all of the child 's needs and rights , that they keep each other well informed , [make sure] that nothing gets ‘ left out ’ and yet avoid duplication .

At the very least parents should be kept fully informed about the purpose of the case conference , and arrangements made to ensure that their views , and accounts of what happened , are heard .
at the very least parents should be kept fully informed about the purpose of the case conference , and arrangements made to [make sure] that their views , and accounts of what happened , are heard .

Work needs to be done to agree how these forms of communication will operate , and to ensure they are maintained and followed , despite crises and other pressures .
work needs to be done to agree how these forms of communication will operate , and to [make sure] they are maintained and followed , despite crises and other pressures .

The people concerned need opportunities to develop the necessary competencies to ensure effective intra- and interagency communication .
the people concerned need opportunities to develop the necessary competencies to [make sure] effective intra- and interagency communication .

Ways must be found to ensure that all professionals involved in child abuse work are fully informed about the local arrangements for interprofessional co-operation , and are regularly kept up to date with new developments .
ways must be found to [make sure] that all professionals involved in child abuse work are fully informed about the local arrangements for interprofessional co-operation , and are regularly kept up to date with new developments .

These ensure very smooth , jerk free panning camera movements , with the tilt damper being adjustable for stiffness .
these [make sure] very smooth , jerk free panning camera movements , with the tilt damper being adjustable for stiffness .

The decision came after a year-long test to ensure that packaging made from pulp mould was strong enough to protect cameras should they de dropped or roughly handled during transport .
the decision came after a year-long test to [make sure] that packaging made from pulp mould was strong enough to protect cameras should they de dropped or roughly handled during transport .

She asked him whether he would see the film and ‘ issue a statement about it both to encourage anxious parents and to ensure that the Church was seen to be caring about the matter ’ .
she asked him whether he would see the film and ‘ issue a statement about it both to encourage anxious parents and to [make sure] that the church was seen to be caring about the matter ’ .

Such events led greens to suspect that the Forest Service and timber industry people had been in cahoots , trying to determine not only how best to make the plan public , but also how best to ensure its demise .
such events led greens to suspect that the forest service and timber industry people had been in cahoots , trying to determine not only how best to make the plan public , but also how best to [make sure] its demise .

Mr Alphandéry claims the draft law 's provisions will still ensure the central bank 's independence .
mr alphandéry claims the draft law 's provisions will still [make sure] the central bank 's independence .

As the industry edges into better times , insurance regulators are trying to ensure that it stays there by laying down tough new risk-based capital-adequacy rules .
as the industry edges into better times , insurance regulators are trying to [make sure] that it stays there by laying down tough new risk-based capital-adequacy rules .

The Community Health Team aim was to ensure a place of treatment for children from the earliest possible age , to enable them to develop to their fullest potential .
the community health team aim was to [make sure] a place of treatment for children from the earliest possible age , to enable them to develop to their fullest potential .

This could lead to over-protectiveness and care had to be taken to ensure that a child was involved in all the group 's activities .
this could lead to over-protectiveness and care had to be taken to [make sure] that a child was involved in all the group 's activities .

The net effect of these injunctions ( as well as others we shall meet later ) is to ensure that the natural inability of human beings to respond ‘ perfectly ’ to all situations , however demanding or paradoxical , is construed by those human beings as clear evidence of personal inadequacy : they lack the ability , resilience or ready-made savoir-faire that they somehow ought to have , in limitless supply , if they are to be able to look themselves in the eye in the bathroom mirror each morning .
the net effect of these injunctions ( as well as others we shall meet later ) is to [make sure] that the natural inability of human beings to respond ‘ perfectly ’ to all situations , however demanding or paradoxical , is construed by those human beings as clear evidence of personal inadequacy : they lack the ability , resilience or ready-made savoir-faire that they somehow ought to have , in limitless supply , if they are to be able to look themselves in the eye in the bathroom mirror each morning .

Now it is approaching completion and return to steam and every effort is being made to ensure that his locomotive is operating in steam at the works Open Day on Sunday , September 27 .
now it is approaching completion and return to steam and every effort is being made to [make sure] that his locomotive is operating in steam at the works open day on sunday , september 27 .

Great care is taken to ensure the accuracy of each item .
great care is taken to [make sure] the accuracy of each item .

The Direction also oversees and assists the so-called classes and controlés museums , that is the 1200 or so provincial museums either directly linked into the Ministry through their director or supervised in order to ensure that they comply with certain requirements ( see chart ) .
the direction also oversees and assists the so-called classes and controlés museums , that is the 1200 or so provincial museums either directly linked into the ministry through their director or supervised in order to [make sure] that they comply with certain requirements ( see chart ) .

Its chief purpose was to ensure corporate independence for the entire ecclesiastical organization in relation to all other social organizations , such as the Empire , and all the kingdoms , baronies , fiefs , and urban communities , which were beginning to proliferate in western Europe .
its chief purpose was to [make sure] corporate independence for the entire ecclesiastical organization in relation to all other social organizations , such as the empire , and all the kingdoms , baronies , fiefs , and urban communities , which were beginning to proliferate in western europe .

These were mere fragments of the complex arrangements which he had made in order to secure his throne , and they were entirely necessary to Henry if he was to have sufficient support among those families — perilously few and divided in their allegiance — who alone could ensure his survival as king of England .
these were mere fragments of the complex arrangements which he had made in order to secure his throne , and they were entirely necessary to henry if he was to have sufficient support among those families — perilously few and divided in their allegiance — who alone could [make sure] his survival as king of england .

But it seems clear that some people , perhaps the members of the monastery themselves , thought it was a serious possibility , and they took steps to ensure that neither Lanfranc nor anyone else would be able to carry out this sweeping measure of reform .
but it seems clear that some people , perhaps the members of the monastery themselves , thought it was a serious possibility , and they took steps to [make sure] that neither lanfranc nor anyone else would be able to carry out this sweeping measure of reform .

dazzling neo-industrial six-track mini-LP ‘ secretly recorded in a variety of locations without the permission of the record label to ensure it could fester without divine intervention ’ , according to vocalist Trent Reznor
dazzling neo-industrial six-track mini-lp ‘ secretly recorded in a variety of locations without the permission of the record label to [make sure] it could fester without divine intervention ’ , according to vocalist trent reznor

After five years ' work , Olivier was certain of only two things : that the population , even at the highest estimate , was by no means enough to ensure the eventual survival of the species ; and that the figures henceforward would be on the way down rather than up .
after five years ' work , olivier was certain of only two things : that the population , even at the highest estimate , was by no means enough to [make sure] the eventual survival of the species ; and that the figures henceforward would be on the way down rather than up .

These days , sadly , the natural system is not enough to ensure the survival of the species .
these days , sadly , the natural system is not enough to [make sure] the survival of the species .

Running concurrent with this , however , was a belief that the community in the post-war period did little to ensure or support such life styles .
running concurrent with this , however , was a belief that the community in the post-war period did little to [make sure] or support such life styles .

It is the process where-by the state encourages and legitimates certain forms of dependency , such as unemployment and early retirement among men aged 60–64 , while subjecting others not only to substantially lower incomes , but also to control procedures intended to ensure that they continue searching for work ( Sinfield 1981 : 142 ) .
it is the process where-by the state encourages and legitimates certain forms of dependency , such as unemployment and early retirement among men aged 60–64 , while subjecting others not only to substantially lower incomes , but also to control procedures intended to [make sure] that they continue searching for work ( sinfield 1981 : 142 ) .

The Home Office was willingly cooperating with other authorities to ensure the events passed off peacefully and with due respect .
the home office was willingly cooperating with other authorities to [make sure] the events passed off peacefully and with due respect .

Yes , leave the door slightly open to ensure that if necessary he could leave at speed .
yes , leave the door slightly open to [make sure] that if necessary he could leave at speed .

‘ We presented a revised budget to the bank in June and are confident that we can produce a result by the year-end that will ensure that future long-term security of the company .
‘ we presented a revised budget to the bank in june and are confident that we can produce a result by the year-end that will [make sure] that future long-term security of the company .

Work on the statue was prolonged by the discovery of a fracture between the tail and the body of the horse , but the robust internal crossbar inserted by Giambologna has proved to be sufficient support to ensure its survival .
work on the statue was prolonged by the discovery of a fracture between the tail and the body of the horse , but the robust internal crossbar inserted by giambologna has proved to be sufficient support to [make sure] its survival .

The British strategy had been , in Bevin 's words , to ensure that the proposed structure would be ‘ as little embarrassing as possible ’ .
the british strategy had been , in bevin 's words , to [make sure] that the proposed structure would be ‘ as little embarrassing as possible ’ .

The dual design had been influenced greatly by the negative British attitude , with the pro-Europeans reluctantly compromising as much as possible in order to ensure British membership .
the dual design had been influenced greatly by the negative british attitude , with the pro-europeans reluctantly compromising as much as possible in order to [make sure] british membership .

Its objectives were to be quite ambitious : to vet proposed national legislation and to submit proposals for new legislation in such a way that conformity of objective and practice would be achieved , and also to ensure a coordinated joint Nordic view at international conferences .
its objectives were to be quite ambitious : to vet proposed national legislation and to submit proposals for new legislation in such a way that conformity of objective and practice would be achieved , and also to [make sure] a coordinated joint nordic view at international conferences .

The treaty gave no indication of what a common agricultural policy would be other than something that would increase agricultural productivity , ensure a fair standard .
the treaty gave no indication of what a common agricultural policy would be other than something that would increase agricultural productivity , [make sure] a fair standard .

of living for the agricultural population , guarantee regular supplies of produce on the market , and ensure reasonable food prices for the consumer .
of living for the agricultural population , guarantee regular supplies of produce on the market , and [make sure] reasonable food prices for the consumer .

Moreover , had the local police contacted the British Consul at once , his friends and family would have got to Spain earlier to ensure that all efforts were being made to find him .
moreover , had the local police contacted the british consul at once , his friends and family would have got to spain earlier to [make sure] that all efforts were being made to find him .

The whole shooting match is being computerised and guides will be held on disc and hopefully updated constantly to ensure the minimum of delay in publishing a new volume .
the whole shooting match is being computerised and guides will be held on disc and hopefully updated constantly to [make sure] the minimum of delay in publishing a new volume .

The Management Notes ensure the business content of each case is accessible to all teachers .
the management notes [make sure] the business content of each case is accessible to all teachers .

The Activity Book , written by Tony Cornish and Bill Horncastle , is substantial and original , to ensure that your students gain full benefit from the video .
the activity book , written by tony cornish and bill horncastle , is substantial and original , to [make sure] that your students gain full benefit from the video .

Throughout the series , use is made of tables , diagrams , and charts which are used to sensitize students to the way in which written texts are structured and also to support the numerous information transfer activities that ensure that meaning is never lost .
throughout the series , use is made of tables , diagrams , and charts which are used to sensitize students to the way in which written texts are structured and also to support the numerous information transfer activities that [make sure] that meaning is never lost .

Teachers using Fast Forward find the material is already under control and organized ideally to ensure rapid progress .
teachers using fast forward find the material is already under control and organized ideally to [make sure] rapid progress .

To ensure that the marking goes as quickly and smoothly as possible , Marking Kit overlays are now available .
to [make sure] that the marking goes as quickly and smoothly as possible , marking kit overlays are now available .

The Tests themselves have been carefully scrutinized for balance and consistency to ensure they are reliable time and time again .
the tests themselves have been carefully scrutinized for balance and consistency to [make sure] they are reliable time and time again .

Care has been taken to ensure that getting the right answer requires a genuine understanding of the grammatical rules .
care has been taken to [make sure] that getting the right answer requires a genuine understanding of the grammatical rules .

Every effort has been made to ensure maximum clarity for the user .
every effort has been made to [make sure] maximum clarity for the user .

For example , whenever fuller explanations are needed , and to avoid over-simplification , there are longer , four-page units ( see below ) which ensure each point is given the attention it needs .
for example , whenever fuller explanations are needed , and to avoid over-simplification , there are longer , four-page units ( see below ) which [make sure] each point is given the attention it needs .

The Activity Books are fully illustrated and contain a wealth of material to ensure that the video is fully exploited for its language potential .
the activity books are fully illustrated and contain a wealth of material to [make sure] that the video is fully exploited for its language potential .

All the readers are graded to give children confidence , and to ensure that they are not distracted by unfamiliar words and structures .
all the readers are graded to give children confidence , and to [make sure] that they are not distracted by unfamiliar words and structures .

Vocabulary and structures are constantly revised throughout the course to reinforce the language learning process and to ensure that children who join the class late do not find themselves struggling .
vocabulary and structures are constantly revised throughout the course to reinforce the language learning process and to [make sure] that children who join the class late do not find themselves struggling .

Language learning progresses at an easy pace , with plenty of reinforcement and revision to ensure lessons are thoroughly learnt .
language learning progresses at an easy pace , with plenty of reinforcement and revision to [make sure] lessons are thoroughly learnt .

The Teacher 's Book contains transcripts of all the recordings , and detailed information to ensure material is exploited to the full .
the teacher 's book contains transcripts of all the recordings , and detailed information to [make sure] material is exploited to the full .

The Streamline Graded Readers series has been specially designed to meet the needs of students at the lower levels of language learning and to ensure the ease of reading which will keep students encouraged and motivated . To this end :
the streamline graded readers series has been specially designed to meet the needs of students at the lower levels of language learning and to [make sure] the ease of reading which will keep students encouraged and motivated . to this end :

The student 's Activity Book has been designed to ensure that language presented by the video will be practised and assimilated .
the student 's activity book has been designed to [make sure] that language presented by the video will be practised and assimilated .

The Video Guide provides teachers with complete lesson plans that will ensure the most effective use of the video and Activity Book .
the video guide provides teachers with complete lesson plans that will [make sure] the most effective use of the video and activity book .

When the target area was reached , and the bombload dropped , the tail gunner had the task of counting each bomb flash to ensure that all of the bombs had exploded .
when the target area was reached , and the bombload dropped , the tail gunner had the task of counting each bomb flash to [make sure] that all of the bombs had exploded .

At the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .
at the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to [make sure] that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .

Whether working in an expansive phase in which the techniques of ‘ agitation ’ were widely used or in a ‘ consolidationist ’ period in which ‘ pressure from without ’ assumed less importance , antislavery needed to maximise its influence in parliament and the administration in order to translate aspiration into policy and ensure that policy was effectively executed .
whether working in an expansive phase in which the techniques of ‘ agitation ’ were widely used or in a ‘ consolidationist ’ period in which ‘ pressure from without ’ assumed less importance , antislavery needed to maximise its influence in parliament and the administration in order to translate aspiration into policy and [make sure] that policy was effectively executed .

Growing tropical nymphaea is basically the same procedure as with ‘ hardies ’ providing you ensure the following :
growing tropical nymphaea is basically the same procedure as with ‘ hardies ’ providing you [make sure] the following :

Thus when choosing fish for the aquarium try to ensure you are providing correct water quality for the species you are acquiring .
thus when choosing fish for the aquarium try to [make sure] you are providing correct water quality for the species you are acquiring .

Ensure that your filtration and routine maintenance/water changes are designed to maintain an equilibrium i.e. steady conditions of water quality .
[make sure] that your filtration and routine maintenance/water changes are designed to maintain an equilibrium i.e. steady conditions of water quality .

In practice the rockpooler should ensure his arrival about four hours after high spring water , to give him approximately two hours twelve and one half minutes to follow the ebbing tide out before it turns .
in practice the rockpooler should [make sure] his arrival about four hours after high spring water , to give him approximately two hours twelve and one half minutes to follow the ebbing tide out before it turns .

The movies succeeded because people could just walk in from the streets but from the beginning everything was done to ensure that as many people as possible were brought in .
the movies succeeded because people could just walk in from the streets but from the beginning everything was done to [make sure] that as many people as possible were brought in .

The support of the press was seen as being vital and every manager was expected to ensure that he had his local newspapers on his side , but even this was not enough .
the support of the press was seen as being vital and every manager was expected to [make sure] that he had his local newspapers on his side , but even this was not enough .

The way to greater profitability , then , lay in the direction of bringing in better sorts of people and , to ensure that , a careful eye had to be kept on what was actually shown in the cinemas .
the way to greater profitability , then , lay in the direction of bringing in better sorts of people and , to [make sure] that , a careful eye had to be kept on what was actually shown in the cinemas .

The quest for respectability was very much part of the drive to increase audiences generally and to ensure that motion-picture theatres were not confined to any down-town ghetto but it was also part of an even more fundamental question .
the quest for respectability was very much part of the drive to increase audiences generally and to [make sure] that motion-picture theatres were not confined to any down-town ghetto but it was also part of an even more fundamental question .

Later that year All-Star released The Jungle and a reviewer assured readers that the producing company had spared nothing in order to ensure that ‘ this picturization ’ would be equal to the novel .
later that year all-star released the jungle and a reviewer assured readers that the producing company had spared nothing in order to [make sure] that ‘ this picturization ’ would be equal to the novel .

In their publicity for the film , Warner Bros boasted of the way in which the story had grown out of an actual incident and of Judge Musmanno 's involvement in the subsequent litigation , and also of how ex-miners had been brought in to ensure authentic mining scenes .
in their publicity for the film , warner bros boasted of the way in which the story had grown out of an actual incident and of judge musmanno 's involvement in the subsequent litigation , and also of how ex-miners had been brought in to [make sure] authentic mining scenes .

Only trials where the digit was correctly reported were used in analysis , to ensure that the stimulus was presented to the appropriate hemisphere .
only trials where the digit was correctly reported were used in analysis , to [make sure] that the stimulus was presented to the appropriate hemisphere .

Examine and repair flashings to ensure they are firmly embedded in brickwork and in close contact with the roofing
examine and repair flashings to [make sure] they are firmly embedded in brickwork and in close contact with the roofing

It pays to examine all gutter brackets and clips to ensure no water will drip on to walls . Gutter sealant may need to be applied to metal guttering , and plastic guttering may need the replacement of perished foam gaskets
it pays to examine all gutter brackets and clips to [make sure] no water will drip on to walls . gutter sealant may need to be applied to metal guttering , and plastic guttering may need the replacement of perished foam gaskets

Ensure that external rendering is sound . Hollow areas , where rendering has blistered away from the wall , are also prone to damp
[make sure] that external rendering is sound . hollow areas , where rendering has blistered away from the wall , are also prone to damp

But today there are decorative paints and protective coatings which can ensure that your house remains dry under the most severe weather conditions .
but today there are decorative paints and protective coatings which can [make sure] that your house remains dry under the most severe weather conditions .

As work progresses , make regular check for horizontal , and to ensure that both walls are exactly the same height
as work progresses , make regular check for horizontal , and to [make sure] that both walls are exactly the same height

With a planter wall , if no holes have been made in the base concrete , leave a few joints open just above the ground level to ensure good drainage
with a planter wall , if no holes have been made in the base concrete , leave a few joints open just above the ground level to [make sure] good drainage

Drill and plug one hole in the wall , using the top hole in the slotted strip . Loosely secure the strip , then use a spirit level to ensure the strip is vertical before marking for other fixing holes
drill and plug one hole in the wall , using the top hole in the slotted strip . loosely secure the strip , then use a spirit level to [make sure] the strip is vertical before marking for other fixing holes

Before fitting any mortise lock , ensure that you have sufficient depth of wood in which to house it .
before fitting any mortise lock , [make sure] that you have sufficient depth of wood in which to house it .

Ensure that the frame does n't lean in or out
[make sure] that the frame does n't lean in or out

Prepare the frame to receive the glazing units . This usually involves both temporary and permanent wedges to ensure the glass sits correctly in the frame
prepare the frame to receive the glazing units . this usually involves both temporary and permanent wedges to [make sure] the glass sits correctly in the frame

To do this , first clean the plaque with a grease-removing powder , and ensure that no grease remains on the surface .
to do this , first clean the plaque with a grease-removing powder , and [make sure] that no grease remains on the surface .

Equipment must be services and tested after every hire , to ensure that it is safe to operate , and the test results recorded .
equipment must be services and tested after every hire , to [make sure] that it is safe to operate , and the test results recorded .

Once you 've chosen a company , try to visit the premises to discuss your d-i-y project , and to ensure you 'll be hiring the right equipment for the job .
once you 've chosen a company , try to visit the premises to discuss your d-i-y project , and to [make sure] you 'll be hiring the right equipment for the job .

On collection day , ensure that the hire contract details are correct , and that the equipment is clean , and in good condition .
on collection day , [make sure] that the hire contract details are correct , and that the equipment is clean , and in good condition .

So how can we ensure that we do n't fall victim to the cheque cheats ?
so how can we [make sure] that we do n't fall victim to the cheque cheats ?

The giving of these notices at the proper times is important because they enable your council to inspect your work , to ensure that it is important because they enable your council to inspect your work , to ensure that it is satisfactory before being covered up .
the giving of these notices at the proper times is important because they enable your council to inspect your work , to [make sure] that it is important because they enable your council to inspect your work , to [make sure] that it is satisfactory before being covered up .

It 's no good preaching sermons to young people about the value of labour if all they do is to guide a piece of metal into a press and tread on a pedal a hundred times a day … It 's not the job of education to ensure that young people settle for the status quo .
it 's no good preaching sermons to young people about the value of labour if all they do is to guide a piece of metal into a press and tread on a pedal a hundred times a day … it 's not the job of education to [make sure] that young people settle for the status quo .

Put simply , the duty of the LEAs is to ensure that sufficient schools and teachers are available to provide suitable primary and secondary education to meet the age , needs , aptitudes and abilities of all the children within the area they administer .
put simply , the duty of the leas is to [make sure] that sufficient schools and teachers are available to provide suitable primary and secondary education to meet the age , needs , aptitudes and abilities of all the children within the area they administer .

In preparing the job description the head teacher shall ensure that no teacher shall be given a job description which requires him or her to undertake duties which in combination can not reasonably be discharged .
in preparing the job description the head teacher shall [make sure] that no teacher shall be given a job description which requires him or her to undertake duties which in combination can not reasonably be discharged .

To ensure that this was accomplished as effectively as possible there should be positive discrimination in favour of those who have special needs .
to [make sure] that this was accomplished as effectively as possible there should be positive discrimination in favour of those who have special needs .

However one views these initiatives ( whether they stem from local or central government ) they are covertly political — to ensure that schools broadly reflect parental wishes ( for parents , being instinctively conservative in matters educational , provide the most effective brake on radical local initiative ) or to give public credibility to the educational programme of a particular local authority ( ‘ We , the elected councillors , have discussed this with parents and … ’ )
however one views these initiatives ( whether they stem from local or central government ) they are covertly political — to [make sure] that schools broadly reflect parental wishes ( for parents , being instinctively conservative in matters educational , provide the most effective brake on radical local initiative ) or to give public credibility to the educational programme of a particular local authority ( ‘ we , the elected councillors , have discussed this with parents and … ’ )

Equally it is expensive to ensure that equipment will continue to function under rough handling conditions , for example the necessary ‘ ruggedising ’ of military equipment .
equally it is expensive to [make sure] that equipment will continue to function under rough handling conditions , for example the necessary ‘ ruggedising ’ of military equipment .

In any case there is a need for widespread intercommunication which may be mainly informal but requires some formality to ensure that clashes of attitude do not delay or distort decisions and to make sure also that finalised decisions are unambiguously recorded .
in any case there is a need for widespread intercommunication which may be mainly informal but requires some formality to [make sure] that clashes of attitude do not delay or distort decisions and to make sure also that finalised decisions are unambiguously recorded .

There is a deceptive simplicity about such lists which requires extensive effort to ensure a comprehensive but coherent content .
there is a deceptive simplicity about such lists which requires extensive effort to [make sure] a comprehensive but coherent content .

Always structure the interview to ensure that all essential points are covered .
always structure the interview to [make sure] that all essential points are covered .

Often the relevant population is stratified to ensure that the sample will be more representative in certain respects .
often the relevant population is stratified to [make sure] that the sample will be more representative in certain respects .

Reconsideration should ensure that the needs of people living in urban priority areas are properly recognised .
reconsideration should [make sure] that the needs of people living in urban priority areas are properly recognised .

It appears that if girls ' interests are catered for , if teachers become aware of the need for careful classroom management to ensure girls ' participation , if the social and human implications of science and technology are stressed , girls will respond positively .
it appears that if girls ' interests are catered for , if teachers become aware of the need for careful classroom management to [make sure] girls ' participation , if the social and human implications of science and technology are stressed , girls will respond positively .

The implication is that pupil attitude change is not sufficient on its own to ensure that pupils will actually make non-traditional option choices .
the implication is that pupil attitude change is not sufficient on its own to [make sure] that pupils will actually make non-traditional option choices .

First , in an organisation with an all white or largely white workforce , network recruitment will help to ensure that this stays the case , particularly at a time when large numbers of white workers are unemployed and prepared to re-enter the comparatively poorly paid and less pleasant jobs they deserted in the past few years .
first , in an organisation with an all white or largely white workforce , network recruitment will help to [make sure] that this stays the case , particularly at a time when large numbers of white workers are unemployed and prepared to re-enter the comparatively poorly paid and less pleasant jobs they deserted in the past few years .

At best , this will help to ensure that black workers remain in those employment sectors they entered in the boom years of the 50 's and 60 's .
at best , this will help to [make sure] that black workers remain in those employment sectors they entered in the boom years of the 50 's and 60 's .

The adventurers might have to find some information in Castle Drachenfels to enable them to track down the location of Ghal-Maraz , or they might have to ensure that the Great Enchanter remains safely dead and does n't enter the fray .
the adventurers might have to find some information in castle drachenfels to enable them to track down the location of ghal-maraz , or they might have to [make sure] that the great enchanter remains safely dead and does n't enter the fray .

You should make every effort to ensure that this violent ‘ kamikaze ’ attitude is properly roleplayed by any affected adventurers . If they know where to find a powerful enemy this is where they will go , even if it means almost certain — or , indeed , certain — death !
you should make every effort to [make sure] that this violent ‘ kamikaze ’ attitude is properly roleplayed by any affected adventurers . if they know where to find a powerful enemy this is where they will go , even if it means almost certain — or , indeed , certain — death !

If the character has any sense , he will realize that being out in a lightning storm carrying a chunk of metal is n't a good idea , and drop it to his associates on the ground , turn ethereal , or take some other steps to ensure his safety .
if the character has any sense , he will realize that being out in a lightning storm carrying a chunk of metal is n't a good idea , and drop it to his associates on the ground , turn ethereal , or take some other steps to [make sure] his safety .

In the Soviet-type Communist system … theoretically the trade unions are an independent organisation , not a Party or state organisation , and no one is allowed to interfere in their activities and to impose decisions upon them … Actually , the trade unions are subordinate to the Party and have to ensure the execution of assigned tasks .
in the soviet-type communist system … theoretically the trade unions are an independent organisation , not a party or state organisation , and no one is allowed to interfere in their activities and to impose decisions upon them … actually , the trade unions are subordinate to the party and have to [make sure] the execution of assigned tasks .

In this respect the associations can try to ensure that disputes are processed in an orderly way ( to promote stability ) through the imposition of an industry procedure agreement.3
in this respect the associations can try to [make sure] that disputes are processed in an orderly way ( to promote stability ) through the imposition of an industry procedure agreement.3

The fall of Thomas Cromwell the following year helped to ensure that this conservative statement of faith remained in force until Henry 's death .
the fall of thomas cromwell the following year helped to [make sure] that this conservative statement of faith remained in force until henry 's death .

This alignment , designed by diplomats to maintain the balance of power and thus ensure peace in Europe , was in fact potentially inflammatory .
this alignment , designed by diplomats to maintain the balance of power and thus [make sure] peace in europe , was in fact potentially inflammatory .

Meanwhile , to ensure that the Germans did not rush reinforcements by rail to the threatened area , General Alexei Alexeievich Brusilov , commanding the South West Front , was ordered to make menacing probes in his area .
meanwhile , to [make sure] that the germans did not rush reinforcements by rail to the threatened area , general alexei alexeievich brusilov , commanding the south west front , was ordered to make menacing probes in his area .

He had bare parity of strength with the Austrians — 38 divisions to 37 — a wholly inadequate number with which to mount an attack , since all evidence had shown that a ratio of 3:1 was the least that could reasonably be expected to ensure success .
he had bare parity of strength with the austrians — 38 divisions to 37 — a wholly inadequate number with which to mount an attack , since all evidence had shown that a ratio of 3:1 was the least that could reasonably be expected to [make sure] success .

From now on he would take care of himself and , as time went on , to ensure family solidarity , he would take care of the family .
from now on he would take care of himself and , as time went on , to [make sure] family solidarity , he would take care of the family .

The filaments are firmly set in epoxy resin to ensure minimal loss , and the ferrule is made of stainless steel , so it will not rust or discolour , providing a hard-wearing , quality paintbrush .
the filaments are firmly set in epoxy resin to [make sure] minimal loss , and the ferrule is made of stainless steel , so it will not rust or discolour , providing a hard-wearing , quality paintbrush .

The path simply sheds water to either side ; but where a path which follows the contours goes down into a dip , you 'll have to ensure that ponding does n't occur , and it may be necessary to form a small land drain to lead the water away to a less waterlogged area .
the path simply sheds water to either side ; but where a path which follows the contours goes down into a dip , you 'll have to [make sure] that ponding does n't occur , and it may be necessary to form a small land drain to lead the water away to a less waterlogged area .

Coat the edges of the crack with neat pva building adhesive . This will ensure the new mortar gets a firm grip
coat the edges of the crack with neat pva building adhesive . this will [make sure] the new mortar gets a firm grip

To ensure an even finish , place a board over them and tap it to level the cobbles .
to [make sure] an even finish , place a board over them and tap it to level the cobbles .

Mark on one side wall the position of your first shelf bracket . Use a short spirit level to ensure it is horizontal before marking through pre-drilled holes in the support
mark on one side wall the position of your first shelf bracket . use a short spirit level to [make sure] it is horizontal before marking through pre-drilled holes in the support

If necessary , chisel a recess to ensure that the gap between latch and staple is correct .
if necessary , chisel a recess to [make sure] that the gap between latch and staple is correct .

Give a great deal of thought to the position and size of opening windows , both with regard to security and , more importantly , to ensure a quick means of escape in case of fire , especially at night when doors are likely to be well secured .
give a great deal of thought to the position and size of opening windows , both with regard to security and , more importantly , to [make sure] a quick means of escape in case of fire , especially at night when doors are likely to be well secured .

You can reckon on spending several thousand pounds for a typical house — especially if you call in a firm to fit the windows — but you will at least ensure that your windows are the best that money can buy .
you can reckon on spending several thousand pounds for a typical house — especially if you call in a firm to fit the windows — but you will at least [make sure] that your windows are the best that money can buy .

They seldom incorporate weatherstripping , and ordinary galvanised types need regular checks to ensure that any damage does n't lead to rust .
they seldom incorporate weatherstripping , and ordinary galvanised types need regular checks to [make sure] that any damage does n't lead to rust .

Whichever type of window you choose , ensure that it has at least one casement or sash that can be easily opened to provide an exit in case of emergency .
whichever type of window you choose , [make sure] that it has at least one casement or sash that can be easily opened to provide an exit in case of emergency .

Construct the frame from 75 × 75mm ( 3 × 3in ) treated timber , and secure the joints with coach bolts or galvanised nails . Tighten the spikes to ensure the posts are rigid ( check verticals first )
construct the frame from 75 × 75mm ( 3 × 3in ) treated timber , and secure the joints with coach bolts or galvanised nails . tighten the spikes to [make sure] the posts are rigid ( check verticals first )

Ensure that tread nosings project beyond the face of each riser , to throw a shadow and accentuate the edge of the tread .
[make sure] that tread nosings project beyond the face of each riser , to throw a shadow and accentuate the edge of the tread .

Family size is shrinking as mothers no longer need large numbers of children to work either down the mines or in the factories ( the machine would take anybody to work for it at first ) or to ensure that a few would survive ; high infant mortality rates are now becoming a thing of the past .
family size is shrinking as mothers no longer need large numbers of children to work either down the mines or in the factories ( the machine would take anybody to work for it at first ) or to [make sure] that a few would survive ; high infant mortality rates are now becoming a thing of the past .

The entire country highly appreciates the outstanding activity you carry out in the field of science and technology … Your valuable work — crowned by the high distinctions and titles awarded you by some prestigious scientific , cultural , and educational institutions from various countries of the world represents , much to the pride of all our people , a greatly important contribution to ensure the flourishing of the national and universal science and culture , as a brilliant example of revolutionary abnegation and deep concern with the cause of Socialist Romania 's flourishing and the cause of all the nation 's progress and civilization .
the entire country highly appreciates the outstanding activity you carry out in the field of science and technology … your valuable work — crowned by the high distinctions and titles awarded you by some prestigious scientific , cultural , and educational institutions from various countries of the world represents , much to the pride of all our people , a greatly important contribution to [make sure] the flourishing of the national and universal science and culture , as a brilliant example of revolutionary abnegation and deep concern with the cause of socialist romania 's flourishing and the cause of all the nation 's progress and civilization .

In selecting texts teachers should take every opportunity to ensure that pupils are able to make progress as readers and to master increasingly demanding written material .
in selecting texts teachers should take every opportunity to [make sure] that pupils are able to make progress as readers and to master increasingly demanding written material .

In particular they stressed that ‘ The framework [ for English ] should ensure , at the minimum , that all school-leavers are competent in the use of English — written and spoken — whether or not it is their first language .
in particular they stressed that ‘ the framework [ for english ] should [make sure] , at the minimum , that all school-leavers are competent in the use of english — written and spoken — whether or not it is their first language .

Schools need to ensure that all pupils , irrespective of their backgrounds , have an equal opportunity to achieve the attainment targets .
schools need to [make sure] that all pupils , irrespective of their backgrounds , have an equal opportunity to achieve the attainment targets .

This was to ensure by international law that children everywhere would be covered for all their needs .
this was to [make sure] by international law that children everywhere would be covered for all their needs .

Such measures include producing Mass tapes to ensure that the housebound do not miss out on hearing Mass in their local parishes , and to form a young people 's liturgy group , so that we can continue to celebrate the Eucharist in style .
such measures include producing mass tapes to [make sure] that the housebound do not miss out on hearing mass in their local parishes , and to form a young people 's liturgy group , so that we can continue to celebrate the eucharist in style .

It is up to our families , our school and our parishes to ensure that the right values are conveyed to our young people , and help them to develop positive attitudes .
it is up to our families , our school and our parishes to [make sure] that the right values are conveyed to our young people , and help them to develop positive attitudes .

Regulations under the Consumer Credit Act will of course ensure that accurate cost information is available for all forms of credit .
regulations under the consumer credit act will of course [make sure] that accurate cost information is available for all forms of credit .

Finally , it is felt that bolts should be located to ensure minimum visual impact and should be placed using current best practices .
finally , it is felt that bolts should be located to [make sure] minimum visual impact and should be placed using current best practices .

It is intended that these principles are not seen purely as constrictive rules , but as a guide to promote the positive development of Scottish rock climbing to ensure that sports climbing , rather than becoming a substitute for the traditional climbing , grows alongside it .
it is intended that these principles are not seen purely as constrictive rules , but as a guide to promote the positive development of scottish rock climbing to [make sure] that sports climbing , rather than becoming a substitute for the traditional climbing , grows alongside it .

There was no fairness on earth if someone who would appreciate it and work hard was kept out just because of a greedy , uncaring family who would prefer to forget the child of an unsuitable union rather than make a generous gesture and ensure that some right was done at the end of the day .
there was no fairness on earth if someone who would appreciate it and work hard was kept out just because of a greedy , uncaring family who would prefer to forget the child of an unsuitable union rather than make a generous gesture and [make sure] that some right was done at the end of the day .

Ensure the cut is square or the panels will lean
[make sure] the cut is square or the panels will lean

Offer up the decorative trellis panels ( concave and convex arches are available , as well as rectangular sections ) and use a spirit level to ensure they are horizontal and approximately 2in above the top of the fence . Galvanised nails hold the panels to the posts
offer up the decorative trellis panels ( concave and convex arches are available , as well as rectangular sections ) and use a spirit level to [make sure] they are horizontal and approximately 2in above the top of the fence . galvanised nails hold the panels to the posts

The bottom running track can be screwed directly through the floorcovering . Ensure there are no pipes or cables below
the bottom running track can be screwed directly through the floorcovering . [make sure] there are no pipes or cables below

The first essential is to check the clearance in the actual loft space to ensure that the ladder will fold away correctly when not in use .
the first essential is to check the clearance in the actual loft space to [make sure] that the ladder will fold away correctly when not in use .

Before hacking away at walls , it is always wise to check with a detector to ensure there are no cables or pipes in the immediate vicinity .
before hacking away at walls , it is always wise to check with a detector to [make sure] there are no cables or pipes in the immediate vicinity .

Ensure loft insulation is 6in thick .
[make sure] loft insulation is 6in thick .

Make a simple frame from 50x50 mm timber , using halving or tenon joints . Ensure joints are a tight fit , and secure with waterproof glue and rustproof screws
make a simple frame from 50x50 mm timber , using halving or tenon joints . [make sure] joints are a tight fit , and secure with waterproof glue and rustproof screws

However , structural advice from an engineer is needed to ensure that the roof is not weakened .
however , structural advice from an engineer is needed to [make sure] that the roof is not weakened .

They will examine the credibility of the source to ensure that the person is genuine and sincere .
they will examine the credibility of the source to [make sure] that the person is genuine and sincere .

Therefore , the application of communication techniques , no matter how skilled and imaginative , will not of itself ensure the effective transmission of the gospel message .
therefore , the application of communication techniques , no matter how skilled and imaginative , will not of itself [make sure] the effective transmission of the gospel message .

While the geographical map may be helpful to ensure a measure of blanket coverage , it can at the same time be very misleading if used as the only planning model .
while the geographical map may be helpful to [make sure] a measure of blanket coverage , it can at the same time be very misleading if used as the only planning model .

Steps must be taken to ensure that each decision is genuine , and adequate post-baptismal ( or post-conversion ) counsel and care must be provided to ensure a good environment for the nurturing of new life ( McQuilkin 1973 , 1974:48 ) .
steps must be taken to [make sure] that each decision is genuine , and adequate post-baptismal ( or post-conversion ) counsel and care must be provided to [make sure] a good environment for the nurturing of new life ( mcquilkin 1973 , 1974:48 ) .

This is not to say that the world dictates the pattern for the Church to adopt , but to point out that the Church must be constantly examining itself to ensure that it is remaining true to the gospel and that the only barrier is the inescapable offence of the atoning message of the cross which stands at the centre of that gospel .
this is not to say that the world dictates the pattern for the church to adopt , but to point out that the church must be constantly examining itself to [make sure] that it is remaining true to the gospel and that the only barrier is the inescapable offence of the atoning message of the cross which stands at the centre of that gospel .

Denominational headquarters also need sound data-handling methods to ensure an accurate national picture .
denominational headquarters also need sound data-handling methods to [make sure] an accurate national picture .

Moses is expressly commanded to count the people upon entering the Sinai wilderness to ensure that they can subsequently be accounted for .
moses is expressly commanded to count the people upon entering the sinai wilderness to [make sure] that they can subsequently be accounted for .

The principle of counting to ensure pastoral care and effective deployment of manpower is carried over into the New Testament .
the principle of counting to [make sure] pastoral care and effective deployment of manpower is carried over into the new testament .

Those which give cause for concern are primarily the responsibility of the leadership to ensure prompt and effective action .
those which give cause for concern are primarily the responsibility of the leadership to [make sure] prompt and effective action .

The important thing to ensure is that the measure is done in the same way each year so that true trends can be discerned by being able to compare like with like .
the important thing to [make sure] is that the measure is done in the same way each year so that true trends can be discerned by being able to compare like with like .

Such information can not be gathered with such precision as numerical data , but it is essential that each area be investigated to ensure that there is a balance between worship , fellowship , learning , evangelism and service .
such information can not be gathered with such precision as numerical data , but it is essential that each area be investigated to [make sure] that there is a balance between worship , fellowship , learning , evangelism and service .

It must , therefore , ensure that it has the means within its membership to fulfil this inescapable obligation .
it must , therefore , [make sure] that it has the means within its membership to fulfil this inescapable obligation .

When this is the case the churches can ask to provide their material to add to the pack , and then ensure that they follow up with a personal call .
when this is the case the churches can ask to provide their material to add to the pack , and then [make sure] that they follow up with a personal call .

4.2.1.1 to use all reasonable endeavours properly to co-ordinate the Project in accordance with the directions of the Project Committee , to convene meetings of the Project Committee and ensure the proper distribution of information between the Parties
4.2.1.1 to use all reasonable endeavours properly to co-ordinate the project in accordance with the directions of the project committee , to convene meetings of the project committee and [make sure] the proper distribution of information between the parties

9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this Agreement . In the event of any error or other deficiency therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time
9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to [make sure] the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this agreement . in the event of any error or other deficiency therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time

14.3 If any Party sub-contracts any work under the Project it shall ensure that the Sub-contractor enters into an appropriate confidentiality and restricted use agreement and it shall further ensure that it acquired the right to disclose and sub-license results generated under the sub-contract to the same extent that it can disclose and licence its own results .
14.3 if any party sub-contracts any work under the project it shall [make sure] that the sub-contractor enters into an appropriate confidentiality and restricted use agreement and it shall further [make sure] that it acquired the right to disclose and sub-license results generated under the sub-contract to the same extent that it can disclose and licence its own results .

agrees that samples of all packaging , advertising , labelling and the like of the Licensed Products shall be provided to for inspection prior to initial use of the first Licensed Product to be published by which incorporates the Work to ensure that all Trade Marks are properly identified as the property of .
agrees that samples of all packaging , advertising , labelling and the like of the licensed products shall be provided to for inspection prior to initial use of the first licensed product to be published by which incorporates the work to [make sure] that all trade marks are properly identified as the property of .

5.2 shall ensure that it invoices the Licensed Products immediately on their despatch to third parties .
5.2 shall [make sure] that it invoices the licensed products immediately on their despatch to third parties .

‘ But Lord Richard Grey is your own son , maman — ’ said Richard , as if such would ensure his safety ‘ — and the king 's half-brother . ’
‘ but lord richard grey is your own son , maman — ’ said richard , as if such would [make sure] his safety ‘ — and the king 's half-brother . ’

Whichever hand it is held in , ensure that the fingers are supporting the other cover .
whichever hand it is held in , [make sure] that the fingers are supporting the other cover .

The Victorians were fond of detached envelope ‘ fronts ’ , written by celebrities or ‘ franked ’ , that is signed by members of parliament , bishops and innumerable nonentities to ensure free passage through the post .
the victorians were fond of detached envelope ‘ fronts ’ , written by celebrities or ‘ franked ’ , that is signed by members of parliament , bishops and innumerable nonentities to [make sure] free passage through the post .

Liberal representative systems ensure an open , competitive ruling class .
liberal representative systems [make sure] an open , competitive ruling class .

In return , national elites channel public funding and economic development to ensure that local notables have the resources to maintain their political role effectively .
in return , national elites channel public funding and economic development to [make sure] that local notables have the resources to maintain their political role effectively .

He devoted his life to politics for a twofold purpose : to ensure that the useless slaughter of the First World War was not repeated , and that the survivors of that horrific experience should live in a better world .
he devoted his life to politics for a twofold purpose : to [make sure] that the useless slaughter of the first world war was not repeated , and that the survivors of that horrific experience should live in a better world .

Baldwin 's rise to power as the Conservative leader and prime minister in 1923 and 1924 — 9 was ruled by two considerations : first , the need to tame the Labour party and to force it to accept the conventions of parliamentary politics ; and second , to ensure that Lloyd George be kept out of office at all costs .
baldwin 's rise to power as the conservative leader and prime minister in 1923 and 1924 — 9 was ruled by two considerations : first , the need to tame the labour party and to force it to accept the conventions of parliamentary politics ; and second , to [make sure] that lloyd george be kept out of office at all costs .

This was symbolized by the doomed attempt to restore the gold standard at pre-war parity as the basis of economic policy , which necessitated vigorous deflation to ensure financial rectitude in the altered conditions of the post-war world .
this was symbolized by the doomed attempt to restore the gold standard at pre-war parity as the basis of economic policy , which necessitated vigorous deflation to [make sure] financial rectitude in the altered conditions of the post-war world .

Meanwhile Lloyd George 's radical plans , although ensuring a partial revival of the Liberal corpse in the 1929 election , were effectively sidelined , and the accident of illness was to ensure that he played no part in the formation of the coalition government of 1931 either .
meanwhile lloyd george 's radical plans , although ensuring a partial revival of the liberal corpse in the 1929 election , were effectively sidelined , and the accident of illness was to [make sure] that he played no part in the formation of the coalition government of 1931 either .

On the one hand its ultra-patriotism and Ger-manophobia made it an important driving force behind the campaign for no compromise and total victory ; but against this was the undoubted fact that the most dynamic political leadership and organizing ability to ensure this outcome was provided by Lloyd George , the radical right 's bête noire .
on the one hand its ultra-patriotism and ger-manophobia made it an important driving force behind the campaign for no compromise and total victory ; but against this was the undoubted fact that the most dynamic political leadership and organizing ability to [make sure] this outcome was provided by lloyd george , the radical right 's bête noire .

Formed by Beamish in 1918 as a patriotic organization dedicated to the eradication of what it termed alien influences in British life , the Britons campaigned for the forced expulsion of Jews from England and for the revoking of the Act of Settlement of 1700 , which would ensure that immigrants and their descendents would be ineligible to hold public office .
formed by beamish in 1918 as a patriotic organization dedicated to the eradication of what it termed alien influences in british life , the britons campaigned for the forced expulsion of jews from england and for the revoking of the act of settlement of 1700 , which would [make sure] that immigrants and their descendents would be ineligible to hold public office .

Before he became Home Secretary Morrison had argued that the best way for Jews to prevent anti-semitism was to ensure that they could not be blamed for social injustices in areas where they lived .
before he became home secretary morrison had argued that the best way for jews to prevent anti-semitism was to [make sure] that they could not be blamed for social injustices in areas where they lived .

To Leese immigration and race-mixing was a jewish plot to undermine the British Empire , and to ensure that the ‘ poisoning of our Anglo-Saxon blood by this yellow negroid horde is proceeding a pace ’ .
to leese immigration and race-mixing was a jewish plot to undermine the british empire , and to [make sure] that the ‘ poisoning of our anglo-saxon blood by this yellow negroid horde is proceeding a pace ’ .

Hence the somewhat incongruous background to the emergence of Britain 's most important fascist organization : the publication of a reasoned pragmatic plan of action to attack unemployment in Mosley 's The Greater Britain , combined with the creation of a uniformed defence force to ensure that those who wished to hear of such ideas at public meetings would be able to do so .
hence the somewhat incongruous background to the emergence of britain 's most important fascist organization : the publication of a reasoned pragmatic plan of action to attack unemployment in mosley 's the greater britain , combined with the creation of a uniformed defence force to [make sure] that those who wished to hear of such ideas at public meetings would be able to do so .

The secretary of state meanwhile pledged himself to ensure that discharges of seriously mentally ill people from hospital would take place only when adequate medical and social care was available for them outside hospital .
the secretary of state meanwhile pledged himself to [make sure] that discharges of seriously mentally ill people from hospital would take place only when adequate medical and social care was available for them outside hospital .

The American theory of autonomic development of interest group pressures to ensure equitable state policy outcomes draws attention to the shape of popular pressures of health services .
the american theory of autonomic development of interest group pressures to [make sure] equitable state policy outcomes draws attention to the shape of popular pressures of health services .

They are impartially applied in order to ensure that the goals of welfare are not subverted to the partial concerns of those implementing policy .
they are impartially applied in order to [make sure] that the goals of welfare are not subverted to the partial concerns of those implementing policy .

Exeter would act as principal negotiator with the other health authorities and the county social services department , and with the other health authorities , loaning some of its own senior managers to the latter agencies in order to ensure that they implemented change , so guaranteeing withdrawal from the big hospitals .
exeter would act as principal negotiator with the other health authorities and the county social services department , and with the other health authorities , loaning some of its own senior managers to the latter agencies in order to [make sure] that they implemented change , so guaranteeing withdrawal from the big hospitals .

The interests of the prosecution to secure a conviction and the interests of the defence to ensure that the verdict is one of manslaughter rather than murder may on occasion coalesce , so that it often appears — in reading the newspapers that consensus rather than conflict between prosecution and defence is the general order of the day .
the interests of the prosecution to secure a conviction and the interests of the defence to [make sure] that the verdict is one of manslaughter rather than murder may on occasion coalesce , so that it often appears — in reading the newspapers that consensus rather than conflict between prosecution and defence is the general order of the day .

He was much respected for his knowledge of golf courses , but was a throwback to the days when caddies wore old macs or tweed overcoats , slept rough in the summer , and in October committed a misdemeanour mild enough to ensure six months in jail to see them through the winter and send them out sobered up and refreshed for the new golf season .
he was much respected for his knowledge of golf courses , but was a throwback to the days when caddies wore old macs or tweed overcoats , slept rough in the summer , and in october committed a misdemeanour mild enough to [make sure] six months in jail to see them through the winter and send them out sobered up and refreshed for the new golf season .

Making a will is the only way to ensure your wishes are respected .
making a will is the only way to [make sure] your wishes are respected .

Some countries in Eastern Europe and the developing world lack rigorous systems to ensure uncontaminated blood and sterile medical equipment .
some countries in eastern europe and the developing world lack rigorous systems to [make sure] uncontaminated blood and sterile medical equipment .

It is to be hoped that all steam enthusiasts will perhaps make an effort to support this railway at some time during the present season to help to ensure that it remains in being into the future .
it is to be hoped that all steam enthusiasts will perhaps make an effort to support this railway at some time during the present season to help to [make sure] that it remains in being into the future .

The distinctive sound and the working success of the whistles will ensure that the results of Nigel Day 's hobby are in continued demand from railways and owners near and far for many years to come .
the distinctive sound and the working success of the whistles will [make sure] that the results of nigel day 's hobby are in continued demand from railways and owners near and far for many years to come .

There is a resurgence of indigenous organisations and groups throughout the Americas are working at community , national and international levels to ensure the protection of their civil , political , economic , cultural and social rights .
there is a resurgence of indigenous organisations and groups throughout the americas are working at community , national and international levels to [make sure] the protection of their civil , political , economic , cultural and social rights .

As a state party to the United Nations Convention Against Torture , Egypt is required to ‘ ensure that any individual who alleges he has been subjected to torture in any territory under its jurisdiction has the right to complain to , and to have his case promptly and impartially examined by , its competent authorities … ’
as a state party to the united nations convention against torture , egypt is required to ‘ [make sure] that any individual who alleges he has been subjected to torture in any territory under its jurisdiction has the right to complain to , and to have his case promptly and impartially examined by , its competent authorities … ’

Some want softer balls or smaller frames to ensure rallies can still exist on the quickest surface of them all .
some want softer balls or smaller frames to [make sure] rallies can still exist on the quickest surface of them all .

The churches , however , are doing all they can to encourage as much dialogue as possible and to ensure that effective communication plays a key role in the democratic process .
the churches , however , are doing all they can to encourage as much dialogue as possible and to [make sure] that effective communication plays a key role in the democratic process .

Questions concerned with access to the curriculum lie at the heart of any whole-school policy . What factors limit the access of certain children to the curriculum ? What modifications are necessary to ensure fuller curriculum access ? Are there areas of the curriculum from which some children are excluded ? Is this because they are thought ‘ unlikely to be able to benefit ’ ? And even if they are physically present , are there particular lessons or activities which are inaccessible because textbooks or work-sheets demand a level of literacy and comprehension which effectively prevent access ? Are there tasks in which children partly or wholly fail to understand the language which the teacher is using ? Are some teaching styles inappropriate for individual children ?
questions concerned with access to the curriculum lie at the heart of any whole-school policy . what factors limit the access of certain children to the curriculum ? what modifications are necessary to [make sure] fuller curriculum access ? are there areas of the curriculum from which some children are excluded ? is this because they are thought ‘ unlikely to be able to benefit ’ ? and even if they are physically present , are there particular lessons or activities which are inaccessible because textbooks or work-sheets demand a level of literacy and comprehension which effectively prevent access ? are there tasks in which children partly or wholly fail to understand the language which the teacher is using ? are some teaching styles inappropriate for individual children ?

To be so , the screening procedures are dependent on the co-operation of school heads and staff in order to ensure that proper facilities are available for the testing to be undertaken properly .
to be so , the screening procedures are dependent on the co-operation of school heads and staff in order to [make sure] that proper facilities are available for the testing to be undertaken properly .

Classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to ensure optimum learning conditions and offering clearly presented materials .
classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to [make sure] optimum learning conditions and offering clearly presented materials .

There will be classrooms where it is evident that these factors are already borne in mind , and which will need only minor additions such as the clear labelling of cupboards in print or braille , or a rearrangement of seating in relation to light sources from windows and to ensure clear visibility of blackboard or overhead projector .
there will be classrooms where it is evident that these factors are already borne in mind , and which will need only minor additions such as the clear labelling of cupboards in print or braille , or a rearrangement of seating in relation to light sources from windows and to [make sure] clear visibility of blackboard or overhead projector .

’ In the teaching situation , verbal descriptions should draw on aspects of the pupil 's experience , and it will be necessary to ensure that there are opportunities for individual and small-group demonstrations supported by relevant verbal descriptions .
’ in the teaching situation , verbal descriptions should draw on aspects of the pupil 's experience , and it will be necessary to [make sure] that there are opportunities for individual and small-group demonstrations supported by relevant verbal descriptions .

In July Amnesty International called on the Uzbek authorities to ensure that the incidents were fully investigated and that every effort was made to identify the persons responsible and bring them to justice .
in july amnesty international called on the uzbek authorities to [make sure] that the incidents were fully investigated and that every effort was made to identify the persons responsible and bring them to justice .

Three Mutawas had been told of the indignation from the foreign community and they stood with the armed guards at the entry of the delivery theatre to ensure that no sympathetic foreigner assisted the girl to escape .
three mutawas had been told of the indignation from the foreign community and they stood with the armed guards at the entry of the delivery theatre to [make sure] that no sympathetic foreigner assisted the girl to escape .

When food aid arrived in some of the outlying villages , the elders ' authority was strong enough to ensure a fair distribution .
when food aid arrived in some of the outlying villages , the elders ' authority was strong enough to [make sure] a fair distribution .

The law in most countries places clear responsibilities on dog owners to ensure that their pets are properly trained , and not a menace to other people or animals .
the law in most countries places clear responsibilities on dog owners to [make sure] that their pets are properly trained , and not a menace to other people or animals .

Always ensure that the choke chain is positioned correctly .
always [make sure] that the choke chain is positioned correctly .

Should you acquire an adult dog from a rescue centre , it may be worth enquiring whether it is marked in this manner to ensure that the record is updated when you take possession of the dog .
should you acquire an adult dog from a rescue centre , it may be worth enquiring whether it is marked in this manner to [make sure] that the record is updated when you take possession of the dog .

These simple steps should ensure the problem 's rapid disappearance .
these simple steps should [make sure] the problem 's rapid disappearance .

Do not allow the leash to slacken at this point , but try to keep it taut as this will help to ensure the puppy adopts the required position rather than jumping up .
do not allow the leash to slacken at this point , but try to keep it taut as this will help to [make sure] the puppy adopts the required position rather than jumping up .

Again , apart from alerting you to the likely development of a problem here , such inspections will help to ensure that even with a painful condition , the dog will have sufficient confidence to allow you to treat it without attempting to snap or simply pulling its head away repeatedly .
again , apart from alerting you to the likely development of a problem here , such inspections will help to [make sure] that even with a painful condition , the dog will have sufficient confidence to allow you to treat it without attempting to snap or simply pulling its head away repeatedly .

As in many of the less obvious aspects of dog training , care over details such as this will help to ensure that there is no adverse reaction on the part of the dog .
as in many of the less obvious aspects of dog training , care over details such as this will help to [make sure] that there is no adverse reaction on the part of the dog .

Try to ensure that it has relieved itself before the journey , and do not feed the dog immediately before setting out , since this appears to increase the risk of travel sickness .
try to [make sure] that it has relieved itself before the journey , and do not feed the dog immediately before setting out , since this appears to increase the risk of travel sickness .

According to a British study published in 1984 , at least three-quarters of all dog owners look to their pets to provide some security around the home , but proper training is required to ensure that your dog does not become a dominant tyrant at home .
according to a british study published in 1984 , at least three-quarters of all dog owners look to their pets to provide some security around the home , but proper training is required to [make sure] that your dog does not become a dominant tyrant at home .

If you are on holiday with your dog , for example , you may encounter a canal or a similar stretch of water unexpectedly , and it will be important to ensure that your dog does not plunge into its depths , as this could be dangerous .
if you are on holiday with your dog , for example , you may encounter a canal or a similar stretch of water unexpectedly , and it will be important to [make sure] that your dog does not plunge into its depths , as this could be dangerous .

In any event you should ensure that your dog poses no threat to human health by deworming it every six months once it has reached this age .
in any event you should [make sure] that your dog poses no threat to human health by deworming it every six months once it has reached this age .

Whatever arrangements you make , however , you must ensure that the dog 's inoculations are up to date .
whatever arrangements you make , however , you must [make sure] that the dog 's inoculations are up to date .

The simple solution in this case is to ensure that all food remains out of their reach .
the simple solution in this case is to [make sure] that all food remains out of their reach .

The ferry was free , and funded by the County Council in recognition of their responsibility to ensure an uninterrupted flow of traffic .
the ferry was free , and funded by the county council in recognition of their responsibility to [make sure] an uninterrupted flow of traffic .

The special is timed for an 8.00pm departure from Waterloo to comply with the ban on daylight running over the third rail and to ensure that there is no diesel pilot .
the special is timed for an 8.00pm departure from waterloo to comply with the ban on daylight running over the third rail and to [make sure] that there is no diesel pilot .

Only a certain number of eggs can be incubated efficiently , and each female in the group tries to ensure that those eggs are hers .
only a certain number of eggs can be incubated efficiently , and each female in the group tries to [make sure] that those eggs are hers .

If , by mating with more than one male , the female could persuade the males to help rear the young , then she would ensure a better chance of survival for her offspring than if she had only one helper or none at all .
if , by mating with more than one male , the female could persuade the males to help rear the young , then she would [make sure] a better chance of survival for her offspring than if she had only one helper or none at all .

By laying their eggs in small strips or bundles attached to vegetation , spadefoots ensure that each individual egg is , as far as possible , surrounded by water and thus receives the maximum supply of available oxygen .
by laying their eggs in small strips or bundles attached to vegetation , spadefoots [make sure] that each individual egg is , as far as possible , surrounded by water and thus receives the maximum supply of available oxygen .

The mother will protect it from predators , such as eagles , and will try to ensure that it does n't fall down the mountainside by always standing on the downhill side of it .
the mother will protect it from predators , such as eagles , and will try to [make sure] that it does n't fall down the mountainside by always standing on the downhill side of it .

He thought , not for the first time , that a system which required ministers to run their departments , fulfil their parliamentary responsibilities , and spend the weekend listening to the grievances of their constituents , might have been designed to ensure that major decisions were made by men and women tired to the point of exhaustion .
he thought , not for the first time , that a system which required ministers to run their departments , fulfil their parliamentary responsibilities , and spend the weekend listening to the grievances of their constituents , might have been designed to [make sure] that major decisions were made by men and women tired to the point of exhaustion .

But it had been enough to ensure him , at least pictorially , a vicarious immortality .
but it had been enough to [make sure] him , at least pictorially , a vicarious immortality .

The young Principal , with a tact that would help ensure he remained a ‘ high flyer ’ , had suggested that he should take first luncheon if that were agreeable to the Minister , and had disappeared .
the young principal , with a tact that would help [make sure] he remained a ‘ high flyer ’ , had suggested that he should take first luncheon if that were agreeable to the minister , and had disappeared .

He and his journalist wife , Rosamund , are very welcoming and helpful hosts ; they take great trouble to ensure their guests enjoy their stay at Eagle House to the full , booking sports activities ( including hot air ballooning ) , theatre seats , and dinner reservations .
he and his journalist wife , rosamund , are very welcoming and helpful hosts ; they take great trouble to [make sure] their guests enjoy their stay at eagle house to the full , booking sports activities ( including hot air ballooning ) , theatre seats , and dinner reservations .

It stands in gardens landscaped over a period of two years ( which were designed to ensure an array of colours and scents throughout the year ) , and woodlands resplendent with over one hundred species of trees and shrubs , the home of owls , badgers , green woodpeckers , pheasants and foxes .
it stands in gardens landscaped over a period of two years ( which were designed to [make sure] an array of colours and scents throughout the year ) , and woodlands resplendent with over one hundred species of trees and shrubs , the home of owls , badgers , green woodpeckers , pheasants and foxes .

No ordinary carriage , not subject to any hasty conversion to ensure its usefulness , but out of the railway factory yards of Leningrad and designed only for transporting the prisoners .
no ordinary carriage , not subject to any hasty conversion to [make sure] its usefulness , but out of the railway factory yards of leningrad and designed only for transporting the prisoners .

The lathes were serviced with a light oil film , draped in it as if to give them an overcoat protection that would ensure their survival against age and wear .
the lathes were serviced with a light oil film , draped in it as if to give them an overcoat protection that would [make sure] their survival against age and wear .

If we accept that we can not prevent science and technology from changing our world , we can at least try to ensure that the changes they make are in the right directions .
if we accept that we can not prevent science and technology from changing our world , we can at least try to [make sure] that the changes they make are in the right directions .

Mrs Smith needs someone to help her with the practical side of caring , to arrange respite breaks , coordinate the nursing input and ensure that the hospital and local authority services work together with her .
mrs smith needs someone to help her with the practical side of caring , to arrange respite breaks , coordinate the nursing input and [make sure] that the hospital and local authority services work together with her .

They ensure , for example , that meals are eaten at the right time , that appointments are kept , that a daily routine is adhered to and that patients do not neglect themselves or put themselves in danger .
they [make sure] , for example , that meals are eaten at the right time , that appointments are kept , that a daily routine is adhered to and that patients do not neglect themselves or put themselves in danger .

Finally , Griffiths was concerned to ensure that the quality of services was regularly inspected and suggested that local authority registration and inspection units should be strengthened and supported by a national inspectorate .
finally , griffiths was concerned to [make sure] that the quality of services was regularly inspected and suggested that local authority registration and inspection units should be strengthened and supported by a national inspectorate .

It was therefore felt that any new arrangements should ensure that no council could ignore its responsibilities , although no effective legal mechanism existed for central government to impose Griffiths ' ‘ ring-fence ’ budget on local authorities .
it was therefore felt that any new arrangements should [make sure] that no council could ignore its responsibilities , although no effective legal mechanism existed for central government to impose griffiths ' ‘ ring-fence ’ budget on local authorities .

Griffiths , for example , wanted decisive central government action to ensure that clear objectives and priorities were set , but no such central direction was contained in Caring for People and no mechanisms were devised by which the government could ensure that local planning and implementation were consistent with national priorities ; indeed , no such priorities were set .
griffiths , for example , wanted decisive central government action to [make sure] that clear objectives and priorities were set , but no such central direction was contained in caring for people and no mechanisms were devised by which the government could [make sure] that local planning and implementation were consistent with national priorities ; indeed , no such priorities were set .

There are a few District Health Authorities who are already grasping the nettle and beginning to work closely with their local authority colleagues to ensure the implementation of the community care proposals , but close joint working is very patchy across the country .
there are a few district health authorities who are already grasping the nettle and beginning to work closely with their local authority colleagues to [make sure] the implementation of the community care proposals , but close joint working is very patchy across the country .

The system must operate so as to protect patients ' rights and ensure their civil liberties are not denied them
the system must operate so as to protect patients ' rights and [make sure] their civil liberties are not denied them

Once the ‘ ordinary ’ needs of daily life have been successfully provided , mentally disordered people living in the community need regular skilled review of their mental state to ensure that medical , nursing and psychological expertise is used to best effect to minimize the impact of the disorder .
once the ‘ ordinary ’ needs of daily life have been successfully provided , mentally disordered people living in the community need regular skilled review of their mental state to [make sure] that medical , nursing and psychological expertise is used to best effect to minimize the impact of the disorder .

The old hospitals used to employ special patients ' monies officers whose sole job was to ensure that patients ' income and capital assets were administered for their benefit both while in hospital and on discharge .
the old hospitals used to employ special patients ' monies officers whose sole job was to [make sure] that patients ' income and capital assets were administered for their benefit both while in hospital and on discharge .

Any comprehensive community care system must ensure that all service users have ready access to skilled help from someone who is trained to assess their entitlements , to negotiate on their behalf with the Department of Social Security and other agencies , to assist with budgeting , offer financial advice and , where the individual desires it , hold benefit books and cheque books and arrange for regular bills to be paid and financial commitments to be planned .
any comprehensive community care system must [make sure] that all service users have ready access to skilled help from someone who is trained to assess their entitlements , to negotiate on their behalf with the department of social security and other agencies , to assist with budgeting , offer financial advice and , where the individual desires it , hold benefit books and cheque books and arrange for regular bills to be paid and financial commitments to be planned .

There should be sufficient staff both day and night to ensure that all residents have access at all times to physical and emotional support .
there should be sufficient staff both day and night to [make sure] that all residents have access at all times to physical and emotional support .

In times of full employment , employers are more willing to take on disabled people of all kinds and there is a direct economic incentive to ensure that those who can work do .
in times of full employment , employers are more willing to take on disabled people of all kinds and there is a direct economic incentive to [make sure] that those who can work do .

Most businesses rely on two complementary forces to ensure that they maintain and raise their standards .
most businesses rely on two complementary forces to [make sure] that they maintain and raise their standards .

First , they take notice of what the customers want and incorporate their requirements into their products or services and , second , they have a quality monitoring programme within the organization to ensure that agreed standards are being met .
first , they take notice of what the customers want and incorporate their requirements into their products or services and , second , they have a quality monitoring programme within the organization to [make sure] that agreed standards are being met .

‘ Quality assurance ’ is the term used for a programme of activities instigated by service managers to ensure that certain standards are met .
‘ quality assurance ’ is the term used for a programme of activities instigated by service managers to [make sure] that certain standards are met .

Any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .
any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to [make sure] that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .

Monitoring rivals closely to copy good ideas and ensure that they are keeping their service in the forefront of developments
monitoring rivals closely to copy good ideas and [make sure] that they are keeping their service in the forefront of developments

Third , the Mental Health Act Commission has a specific and quite narrow remit to protect the rights of detained patients , to ensure that the provisions of the Mental Health Act of 1983 for consent to treatment are followed , and to investigate individual complaints .
third , the mental health act commission has a specific and quite narrow remit to protect the rights of detained patients , to [make sure] that the provisions of the mental health act of 1983 for consent to treatment are followed , and to investigate individual complaints .

The second tactic is to ensure that we stop adding more people to the numbers of tragic people on our streets as a result of years of social and self-neglect .
the second tactic is to [make sure] that we stop adding more people to the numbers of tragic people on our streets as a result of years of social and self-neglect .

We must ensure that hospitals have well thought out discharge plans for every individual , whether he or she has been in hospital for five years or just five days , and that follow-up and after-care services are available for a lifetime if necessary .
we must [make sure] that hospitals have well thought out discharge plans for every individual , whether he or she has been in hospital for five years or just five days , and that follow-up and after-care services are available for a lifetime if necessary .

Moreover , the sub-contractor will probably develop the ability to work on his own initiative and will ensure that management is positive , forward thinking and alert .
moreover , the sub-contractor will probably develop the ability to work on his own initiative and will [make sure] that management is positive , forward thinking and alert .

Measurement of sub-contractor 's work is a difficult and laborious task and management controls are necessary to ensure that work is accurately measured and valued and that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve these objectives .
measurement of sub-contractor 's work is a difficult and laborious task and management controls are necessary to [make sure] that work is accurately measured and valued and that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve these objectives .

( d ) That care is taken to ensure that overpayments do not occur , particularly when using method ( c ) above .
( d ) that care is taken to [make sure] that overpayments do not occur , particularly when using method ( c ) above .

It is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .
it is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to [make sure] that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .

Moreover , care must be taken to ensure that the sub-contractor does not front-end load the pricing of the work , particularly where the sub-contract period is prolonged or intermittent .
moreover , care must be taken to [make sure] that the sub-contractor does not front-end load the pricing of the work , particularly where the sub-contract period is prolonged or intermittent .

In essence the result of this change was to ensure that when a contractor made a payment to a sub-contractor holding a tax certificate issued by the Inland Revenue , the sub-contractor could be paid in full .
in essence the result of this change was to [make sure] that when a contractor made a payment to a sub-contractor holding a tax certificate issued by the inland revenue , the sub-contractor could be paid in full .

( c ) Ensure that no voucher is retained for a longer period than 14 days from receipt .
( c ) [make sure] that no voucher is retained for a longer period than 14 days from receipt .

( i ) Management must ensure that the site is well organised and materials are delivered on time .
( i ) management must [make sure] that the site is well organised and materials are delivered on time .

Increased productivity is equally the responsibility of management , who must ensure that materials , plant and scaffolding are available and in the right location , adequate instructions are given on time , the work place is prepared and the programme of work for other trades correlated and integrated .
increased productivity is equally the responsibility of management , who must [make sure] that materials , plant and scaffolding are available and in the right location , adequate instructions are given on time , the work place is prepared and the programme of work for other trades correlated and integrated .

It is of course necessary for landowners or prospective purchasers to apply for planning approval in the usual way and such applications may be refused , particularly where the local planning authority is seeking to ensure comprehensive development of an area , of which the site in question forms only a part .
it is of course necessary for landowners or prospective purchasers to apply for planning approval in the usual way and such applications may be refused , particularly where the local planning authority is seeking to [make sure] comprehensive development of an area , of which the site in question forms only a part .

For this to occur , developers should ensure that they have a good reputation for fair dealing and an established relationship with local and national estate agents .
for this to occur , developers should [make sure] that they have a good reputation for fair dealing and an established relationship with local and national estate agents .

Most companies will adopt a positive approach to site investigations and use standard forms or check-lists to ensure that no stone is left unturned in investigating every aspect of the site .
most companies will adopt a positive approach to site investigations and use standard forms or check-lists to [make sure] that no stone is left unturned in investigating every aspect of the site .

Where adjoining owners enjoy benefits from the indirect use of land such as ’ right of support ’ or ’ right of light ’ , the developer may be obliged to ensure that such rights are maintained both during the development period and in perpetuity .
where adjoining owners enjoy benefits from the indirect use of land such as ’ right of support ’ or ’ right of light ’ , the developer may be obliged to [make sure] that such rights are maintained both during the development period and in perpetuity .

The relationship between the sewer or sewers and the site should be examined and checked to ensure that access to the sewer is possible without requiring easements from adjoining owners .
the relationship between the sewer or sewers and the site should be examined and checked to [make sure] that access to the sewer is possible without requiring easements from adjoining owners .

The actual design and construction of the outfall will also necessitate approval by the water authority in order to ensure that erosion does not occur .
the actual design and construction of the outfall will also necessitate approval by the water authority in order to [make sure] that erosion does not occur .

In selecting these methods , management must exercise judgement to ensure that the methods chosen provide the fairest practicable approximation to actual costs .
in selecting these methods , management must exercise judgement to [make sure] that the methods chosen provide the fairest practicable approximation to actual costs .

Furthermore , where standard costs are used , they need to be reviewed frequently to ensure that they bear a reasonable relationship to actual costs obtaining during the period .
furthermore , where standard costs are used , they need to be reviewed frequently to [make sure] that they bear a reasonable relationship to actual costs obtaining during the period .

This is partly to ensure that any increase in profitability can be identified as the result of improved efficiency rather than a change in the method of compiling the accounts .
this is partly to [make sure] that any increase in profitability can be identified as the result of improved efficiency rather than a change in the method of compiling the accounts .

This will ensure that revenue and cost have been more correctly matched .
this will [make sure] that revenue and cost have been more correctly matched .

In order to ensure that the cost accounts are a proven and reliable record it is essential that the cost and financial accounts are integrated .
in order to [make sure] that the cost accounts are a proven and reliable record it is essential that the cost and financial accounts are integrated .

By the use of control accounts in both the financial and cost accounts it will be possible to ensure that both sets of accounts are balanced and integrated .
by the use of control accounts in both the financial and cost accounts it will be possible to [make sure] that both sets of accounts are balanced and integrated .

It would be usual practice to ensure that the payment is costed to the month in which the work is carried out .
it would be usual practice to [make sure] that the payment is costed to the month in which the work is carried out .

This will ensure that when the invoices are received they will be relatively easy to code and will not need splitting between different cost centres .
this will [make sure] that when the invoices are received they will be relatively easy to code and will not need splitting between different cost centres .

She so much wanted this to be exactly right ; and perhaps , by the time that Wayne returned , she 'd have enough of a grip on herself to ensure that it would be .
she so much wanted this to be exactly right ; and perhaps , by the time that wayne returned , she 'd have enough of a grip on herself to [make sure] that it would be .

Influenced by developments such as these , substantial public support began to develop for measures which would protect the position of the indigenous nationalities and which would ensure that economic decisions were taken with a greater degree of consideration for local circumstances .
influenced by developments such as these , substantial public support began to develop for measures which would protect the position of the indigenous nationalities and which would [make sure] that economic decisions were taken with a greater degree of consideration for local circumstances .

But he also mentioned the need to ensure that the various nationalities were properly represented in political and economic life , and he acknowledged that party officials had sometimes handled nationality issues without the degree of sensitivity that they required .
but he also mentioned the need to [make sure] that the various nationalities were properly represented in political and economic life , and he acknowledged that party officials had sometimes handled nationality issues without the degree of sensitivity that they required .

They must be attentive to all the susceptibilities that people might have in this connection , and ensure that all of them played a part in resolving the tasks that arose in a society of this kind .
they must be attentive to all the susceptibilities that people might have in this connection , and [make sure] that all of them played a part in resolving the tasks that arose in a society of this kind .

Where the market is allocated on the basis of tenders , more intricate measures may be needed to ensure that the contracts are shared out , including perhaps ‘ allocation ’ of each contract to a particular firm and agreement on how the other firms will rig their bids to ensure that they are not awarded the contract ‘ by mistake ’ .
where the market is allocated on the basis of tenders , more intricate measures may be needed to [make sure] that the contracts are shared out , including perhaps ‘ allocation ’ of each contract to a particular firm and agreement on how the other firms will rig their bids to [make sure] that they are not awarded the contract ‘ by mistake ’ .

Administrative trainees obtain a salary on a par with that obtainable from industry ; they enjoy incremental salary scales which ensure progress even during periods of pay restraint , together with near-certain promotion within the administrative grade to under-secretary level .
administrative trainees obtain a salary on a par with that obtainable from industry ; they enjoy incremental salary scales which [make sure] progress even during periods of pay restraint , together with near-certain promotion within the administrative grade to under-secretary level .

It is this interactional organization which motivates us to make choices that ensure that a clear progression of links is achieved and that a coherent point of view is maintained throughout a text .
it is this interactional organization which motivates us to make choices that [make sure] that a clear progression of links is achieved and that a coherent point of view is maintained throughout a text .

In context , grammaticality does not necessarily ensure acceptability or coherence .
in context , grammaticality does not necessarily [make sure] acceptability or coherence .

If you do , you must ensure that your target version has its own method of development and maintains a sense of continuity in its own right .
if you do , you must [make sure] that your target version has its own method of development and maintains a sense of continuity in its own right .

And that is why you have to ensure that whatever elements you put in initial-clause position in your target text or in a given part of your target text add up to something that can be understood as a method of development and that can provide a point of orientation for that part of the text .
and that is why you have to [make sure] that whatever elements you put in initial-clause position in your target text or in a given part of your target text add up to something that can be understood as a method of development and that can provide a point of orientation for that part of the text .

In order to ensure comparability , the main effort in the interviews was focused on recording carefully designed word-lists , which sampled realizations of several phonological variables in a range of phonetic environments .
in order to [make sure] comparability , the main effort in the interviews was focused on recording carefully designed word-lists , which sampled realizations of several phonological variables in a range of phonetic environments .

’ If the consignor wanted to ensure that no person other than the consignee or the lawful holder of the bill could claim delivery , he could stipulate that delivery required production of all the copies or parts of the set that were not in the master 's possession .
’ if the consignor wanted to [make sure] that no person other than the consignee or the lawful holder of the bill could claim delivery , he could stipulate that delivery required production of all the copies or parts of the set that were not in the master 's possession .

Another Visby amendment was designed to ensure that the one-year time bar to claims for damages applies also to claims for misdelivery of the goods .
another visby amendment was designed to [make sure] that the one-year time bar to claims for damages applies also to claims for misdelivery of the goods .

In general , ministers are willing to be flexible to ensure that they can counter criticism arising from immediate public anxieties .
in general , ministers are willing to be flexible to [make sure] that they can counter criticism arising from immediate public anxieties .

The slow evolution of select committee work has helped to ensure that both these obstacles have been surmounted .
the slow evolution of select committee work has helped to [make sure] that both these obstacles have been surmounted .

It was devised in the mid nineteenth century , at a time when the Commons had considerable direct power over the government , the purpose being to ensure that the Commons could exercise control over officials by pressing the appropriate minister .
it was devised in the mid nineteenth century , at a time when the commons had considerable direct power over the government , the purpose being to [make sure] that the commons could exercise control over officials by pressing the appropriate minister .

Thus ministers no longer feel that the doctrine exposes them to special risks in the House but , by confining all the advice of the departments to ministers , it does ensure that they are so much better informed and briefed than their critics .
thus ministers no longer feel that the doctrine exposes them to special risks in the house but , by confining all the advice of the departments to ministers , it does [make sure] that they are so much better informed and briefed than their critics .

There are also many active individual members , deeply dissatisfied with the record of recent Labour Cabinets , who are determined to ensure that any future Labour Government shall carry out socialist policies and be responsive to the views of active party members .
there are also many active individual members , deeply dissatisfied with the record of recent labour cabinets , who are determined to [make sure] that any future labour government shall carry out socialist policies and be responsive to the views of active party members .

Governments must take measures to ensure that the deprived areas receive more in services than other areas both as regards buildings and equipment as well as staff .
governments must take measures to [make sure] that the deprived areas receive more in services than other areas both as regards buildings and equipment as well as staff .

‘ Health services ’ , writes Hay in his discussion of social reforms during this period , ‘ would ensure that the worker was returned to the labour force as soon as possible after illness .
‘ health services ’ , writes hay in his discussion of social reforms during this period , ‘ would [make sure] that the worker was returned to the labour force as soon as possible after illness .

These are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to ensure that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 Act are strictly observed .
these are very large powers , every bit as large as powers of compulsory acquisition of property ; and , in my judgment , the court should seek to [make sure] that , just as in the case of compulsory purchase powers , the conditions for the exercise of the powers conferred by the 1975 act are strictly observed .

Those who have recognized the cool clear rush of air for what it may presage have already taken steps to ensure the accurate placement of a safety net .
those who have recognized the cool clear rush of air for what it may presage have already taken steps to [make sure] the accurate placement of a safety net .

However it may be constructed , the romance formula can ensure such a consistency of product that the texts are marketed through a standing order principle through retail outlets , ranging from supermarket checkouts to station bookstalls .
however it may be constructed , the romance formula can [make sure] such a consistency of product that the texts are marketed through a standing order principle through retail outlets , ranging from supermarket checkouts to station bookstalls .

It was simultaneous with the involvement of Torstar that romance took off as a ‘ publishing phenomenon ’ , with a confidence that could ensure print runs of several million for each title .
it was simultaneous with the involvement of torstar that romance took off as a ‘ publishing phenomenon ’ , with a confidence that could [make sure] print runs of several million for each title .

To ensure their proper fullness they are first blocked in with a broad contour-band ( the ‘ eighth-of-an-inch stripe ’ ) which gave the painter 's eye the sense of the background to come .
to [make sure] their proper fullness they are first blocked in with a broad contour-band ( the ‘ eighth-of-an-inch stripe ’ ) which gave the painter 's eye the sense of the background to come .

Public accountability and transparency might be assisted by opening up the negotiation process between Central and Local government to participation by disinterested , knowledgeable parties and to non-expert advisors who could seek to ensure transparency , which is manifestly lacking in current procedures , particularly for the assessment of Grant Related Expenditure .
public accountability and transparency might be assisted by opening up the negotiation process between central and local government to participation by disinterested , knowledgeable parties and to non-expert advisors who could seek to [make sure] transparency , which is manifestly lacking in current procedures , particularly for the assessment of grant related expenditure .

Somehow , a stronger system of checks and balances and of public scrutiny in order to ensure greater objectivity must be established .
somehow , a stronger system of checks and balances and of public scrutiny in order to [make sure] greater objectivity must be established .

On one occasion , when George Brown was to give a seminal broadcast on a new financial plan , Wigg , who had been assigned by the Prime Minister to ensure , or to endeavour to ensure , that Brown arrived at Broadcasting House respectably sober , could think of nothing better to do than to consign him in the early afternoon to the sitting-room in my flat at Ashley Gardens .
on one occasion , when george brown was to give a seminal broadcast on a new financial plan , wigg , who had been assigned by the prime minister to [make sure] , or to endeavour to [make sure] , that brown arrived at broadcasting house respectably sober , could think of nothing better to do than to consign him in the early afternoon to the sitting-room in my flat at ashley gardens .

But there were times when he had to hold his tongue , if only to ensure that he could keep on using this fool for his own ends .
but there were times when he had to hold his tongue , if only to [make sure] that he could keep on using this fool for his own ends .

Farmers , concerned about the disappearance of casual labour , built dwellings on their land which would ensure a pool of workers and these houses were known as ‘ tied ’ houses because they were rented from the employer rather than ‘ open ’ houses rented directly from the landowner .
farmers , concerned about the disappearance of casual labour , built dwellings on their land which would [make sure] a pool of workers and these houses were known as ‘ tied ’ houses because they were rented from the employer rather than ‘ open ’ houses rented directly from the landowner .

The civilities of politeness and social etiquette may ensure that the locals ' resentment is voiced only in their own social circle .
the civilities of politeness and social etiquette may [make sure] that the locals ' resentment is voiced only in their own social circle .

In both cases the greater stability and permanency of the labour force encouraged farmers to build more tied cottages in order to ensure a supply of labour — and the significance of tied cottages was further increased by estates being broken up and sold to sitting tenants , a change which also brought about a decline in the number of closed villages .
in both cases the greater stability and permanency of the labour force encouraged farmers to build more tied cottages in order to [make sure] a supply of labour — and the significance of tied cottages was further increased by estates being broken up and sold to sitting tenants , a change which also brought about a decline in the number of closed villages .

Tied cottages , indeed , performed much the same function as the closed village in Victorian times , by enabling farmers to ensure that their expenditure on housing was limited as far as possible to guaranteeing their own labour requirements .
tied cottages , indeed , performed much the same function as the closed village in victorian times , by enabling farmers to [make sure] that their expenditure on housing was limited as far as possible to guaranteeing their own labour requirements .

Nationally imposed cost yardsticks ensure that many rural councils can only afford to build houses to a standard design in relatively large estates , yet on both grounds they are often out of sympathy with the visual quality of many English villages .
nationally imposed cost yardsticks [make sure] that many rural councils can only afford to build houses to a standard design in relatively large estates , yet on both grounds they are often out of sympathy with the visual quality of many english villages .

SSDs have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that appropriate accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .
ssds have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to [make sure] that appropriate accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .

The inclusion of representatives from local groups of disabled people in the debates at Ashdown is not likely to provide simple solutions to the dilemmas faced by professionals and parents , but it would provide a different perspective which could help ensure that the interests of the students as young disabled people were pursued .
the inclusion of representatives from local groups of disabled people in the debates at ashdown is not likely to provide simple solutions to the dilemmas faced by professionals and parents , but it would provide a different perspective which could help [make sure] that the interests of the students as young disabled people were pursued .

Apart from on Tuesdays , every effort was made by senior staff to ensure that an unfettered atmosphere prevailed .
apart from on tuesdays , every effort was made by senior staff to [make sure] that an unfettered atmosphere prevailed .

Such a framework needs to be flexible enough to move with the times , keep abreast of public sympathy , but ensure that their control over our lives remains essentially untouched .
such a framework needs to be flexible enough to move with the times , keep abreast of public sympathy , but [make sure] that their control over our lives remains essentially untouched .

If our patients have problems we can not cope with , we usually say so ; we may then simply advise going elsewhere , or we may act as advocates to ensure that the issues are properly taken on by others .
if our patients have problems we can not cope with , we usually say so ; we may then simply advise going elsewhere , or we may act as advocates to [make sure] that the issues are properly taken on by others .

And in some cases there is support for more elaborate reforms to ensure that social welfare considerations are given appropriate weight in decision making and are not left merely to managerial discretion .
and in some cases there is support for more elaborate reforms to [make sure] that social welfare considerations are given appropriate weight in decision making and are not left merely to managerial discretion .

Since in these cases incorporation and public benefit were intimately linked it was also accepted that there should be a measure of state control to ensure that private interest was not allowed to predominate over the public good .
since in these cases incorporation and public benefit were intimately linked it was also accepted that there should be a measure of state control to [make sure] that private interest was not allowed to predominate over the public good .

The idea that society is entitled to take whatever steps may be considered necessary to ensure that companies serve the public interest depends on the theory that the only basis on which companies can be allowed to possess power , which effectively means the only basis on which large companies can be allowed to exist , is that they produce consequences beneficial to society .
the idea that society is entitled to take whatever steps may be considered necessary to [make sure] that companies serve the public interest depends on the theory that the only basis on which companies can be allowed to possess power , which effectively means the only basis on which large companies can be allowed to exist , is that they produce consequences beneficial to society .

Company law also assigns to the members the ultimate right to make decisions in certain key areas , for example with regard to changes in the corporate constitution or increases in capital , again in order to ensure that the business is run in accordance with their , and not the directors ' , interests .
company law also assigns to the members the ultimate right to make decisions in certain key areas , for example with regard to changes in the corporate constitution or increases in capital , again in order to [make sure] that the business is run in accordance with their , and not the directors ' , interests .

As economically rational actors , the shareholders will ensure that the contract contains the terms necessary to safeguard their interests against management abuse .
as economically rational actors , the shareholders will [make sure] that the contract contains the terms necessary to safeguard their interests against management abuse .

As already mentioned , one aspect of this behaviour is ‘ shirking ’ — expending insufficient effort to ensure the maximum profitability of the business .
as already mentioned , one aspect of this behaviour is ‘ shirking ’ — expending insufficient effort to [make sure] the maximum profitability of the business .

It would be impossible , therefore , to construct a rule that would frame the ambit of management discretion in such a way as to ensure that the members ' varying expectations were uniformly satisfied .
it would be impossible , therefore , to construct a rule that would frame the ambit of management discretion in such a way as to [make sure] that the members ' varying expectations were uniformly satisfied .

Having examined how the law defines the ends for which directors must use their powers , we are now in a position to consider the law 's capacity to ensure that they act within the bounds laid down .
having examined how the law defines the ends for which directors must use their powers , we are now in a position to consider the law 's capacity to [make sure] that they act within the bounds laid down .

It should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .
it should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to [make sure] that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .

The law has some part to play in stimulating directors to take appropriate action in these areas by imposing liability where loss can be attributed to a failure on the part of the board to ensure that the company is equipped with an adequate organisational structure .
the law has some part to play in stimulating directors to take appropriate action in these areas by imposing liability where loss can be attributed to a failure on the part of the board to [make sure] that the company is equipped with an adequate organisational structure .

Managers are not themselves subject to these processes , and so in order to ensure that they carry out their duties efficiently , it is contended that they should be given the incentive of performance-linked pay .
managers are not themselves subject to these processes , and so in order to [make sure] that they carry out their duties efficiently , it is contended that they should be given the incentive of performance-linked pay .

Since results are dependent on team effort , managers are also given an incentive to ensure that each member of the team pulls his or her weight .
since results are dependent on team effort , managers are also given an incentive to [make sure] that each member of the team pulls his or her weight .

By rubbing her clitoris with two fingers , she aroused her sexuality sufficiently to ensure a secretion of bodily fluid to moisten her unwilling channel .
by rubbing her clitoris with two fingers , she aroused her sexuality sufficiently to [make sure] a secretion of bodily fluid to moisten her unwilling channel .

To ensure that all the product types for a given category and factory are kept together , the following algorithm is used : This arranges for every product type for category 1 and factory 1 to come first , and every factory in category 1 to precede those in category 2 .
to [make sure] that all the product types for a given category and factory are kept together , the following algorithm is used : this arranges for every product type for category 1 and factory 1 to come first , and every factory in category 1 to precede those in category 2 .

After an algorithm has been selected , it is wise to ensure that it will be successful before using it in a program .
after an algorithm has been selected , it is wise to [make sure] that it will be successful before using it in a program .

Ensure that the number of synonyms is at a minimum .
[make sure] that the number of synonyms is at a minimum .

It is essential to ensure that every storage position has been initialized , or at least to remove any data remaining from previous uses of the device .
it is essential to [make sure] that every storage position has been initialized , or at least to remove any data remaining from previous uses of the device .

To avoid these problems , addition and deletion algorithms will have to ensure that at least one home record remains in any bucket to which any records randomize .
to avoid these problems , addition and deletion algorithms will have to [make sure] that at least one home record remains in any bucket to which any records randomize .

Despite the extra work involved in moving records about to ensure that all possible records are held in their home addresses , compared with the less restrictive requirement of at least one home record discussed earlier , this stricter file housekeeping pays off when retrievals outnumber additions and deletions .
despite the extra work involved in moving records about to [make sure] that all possible records are held in their home addresses , compared with the less restrictive requirement of at least one home record discussed earlier , this stricter file housekeeping pays off when retrievals outnumber additions and deletions .

The precautions needed to ensure that such a file performs satisfactorily are discussed in the main body of this chapter .
the precautions needed to [make sure] that such a file performs satisfactorily are discussed in the main body of this chapter .

As all of these may have default options , it is important that the designer should make positive decisions about them and ensure that the file does reflect the design intended for it .
as all of these may have default options , it is important that the designer should make positive decisions about them and [make sure] that the file does reflect the design intended for it .

This information would not be automatically collected from the request , but is essential in order to describe the person fully , and the retrieval process has to ensure that it is provided .
this information would not be automatically collected from the request , but is essential in order to describe the person fully , and the retrieval process has to [make sure] that it is provided .

This is because in searching a very large library collection it is essential to attempt to ensure that the user gets just those references that are required .
this is because in searching a very large library collection it is essential to attempt to [make sure] that the user gets just those references that are required .

Even Crump himself might be better meeting his Judgement now , after a life of useful business , than later when the disturbances of retirement — already foreshadowed — would most likely have made him less of a man than he was now , less happy , less useful , perhaps even diminished , by turbulent pettiness , in the very qualities which might now ensure his redemption .
even crump himself might be better meeting his judgement now , after a life of useful business , than later when the disturbances of retirement — already foreshadowed — would most likely have made him less of a man than he was now , less happy , less useful , perhaps even diminished , by turbulent pettiness , in the very qualities which might now [make sure] his redemption .

In the first place they may want to do no more than ensure that the Constitution is not altered casually or carelessly or by subterfuge or implication ; they may want to secure that this important document is not lightly tampered with , but solemnly , with due notice and deliberation , consciously amended .
in the first place they may want to do no more than [make sure] that the constitution is not altered casually or carelessly or by subterfuge or implication ; they may want to secure that this important document is not lightly tampered with , but solemnly , with due notice and deliberation , consciously amended .

If , as we believe to be the case , powers are being so exercised , then the issue of constitutional legitimacy which arises is quite simple : what is the value or use of a constitution based on and designed to ensure the maintenance of a system of limited government if it can , quite lawfully and even constitutionally , be set on one side ?
if , as we believe to be the case , powers are being so exercised , then the issue of constitutional legitimacy which arises is quite simple : what is the value or use of a constitution based on and designed to [make sure] the maintenance of a system of limited government if it can , quite lawfully and even constitutionally , be set on one side ?

What is needed to ensure that some popular control can be exerted over political leadership , some governmental accountability can be enforced ?
what is needed to [make sure] that some popular control can be exerted over political leadership , some governmental accountability can be enforced ?

The boys-only choir will ensure the continuity of a traditional male choir at a time when the authenticity of musical performance still receives widespread emphasis .
the boys-only choir will [make sure] the continuity of a traditional male choir at a time when the authenticity of musical performance still receives widespread emphasis .

Many lay clerks are themselves former choristers , and the case is often made for retaining boys ' voices in order to ensure a future supply of altos , tenors and basses .
many lay clerks are themselves former choristers , and the case is often made for retaining boys ' voices in order to [make sure] a future supply of altos , tenors and basses .

The frequent changes resulting from postings and the demands of the duty roster make it difficult to ensure the continuity not only of a ‘ uniformed ’ organist , but also of a choir .
the frequent changes resulting from postings and the demands of the duty roster make it difficult to [make sure] the continuity not only of a ‘ uniformed ’ organist , but also of a choir .

It enables all to partake in vocal recitation and yet demands sufficient practice and attention to ensure the full involvement of those using it .
it enables all to partake in vocal recitation and yet demands sufficient practice and attention to [make sure] the full involvement of those using it .

Those operating an amplification system need to ensure that there is a proper balance between the sound of the musicians using it and those who speak on the church 's public address system , where there is one .
those operating an amplification system need to [make sure] that there is a proper balance between the sound of the musicians using it and those who speak on the church 's public address system , where there is one .

Those who make and operate the laws of copyright seek both to safeguard the integrity of a work and to ensure an income for its writer .
those who make and operate the laws of copyright seek both to safeguard the integrity of a work and to [make sure] an income for its writer .

The purpose of the provisions relating to copyright is to ensure that both composer and publisher receive the reward which is due to them for their work .
the purpose of the provisions relating to copyright is to [make sure] that both composer and publisher receive the reward which is due to them for their work .

It is in the interest of church musicians to ensure that the necessary licence is obtained , or their playing or singing of copyright music in such circumstances could constitute an infringement of copyright through being an unauthorised ‘ performance ’ .
it is in the interest of church musicians to [make sure] that the necessary licence is obtained , or their playing or singing of copyright music in such circumstances could constitute an infringement of copyright through being an unauthorised ‘ performance ’ .

That congregations be taught to use opportunities of silence and the value of listening , and that those responsible for planning services ensure a proper balance between the spoken and the sung ( 517–521 ) .
that congregations be taught to use opportunities of silence and the value of listening , and that those responsible for planning services [make sure] a proper balance between the spoken and the sung ( 517–521 ) .

In this way they ensure the perpetuation of one of the great traditions of the Christian Church .
in this way they [make sure] the perpetuation of one of the great traditions of the christian church .

That clergy and musicians ensure the continuing place of psalmody in Anglican worship , whether it be sung or said ( 535–537 ) .
that clergy and musicians [make sure] the continuing place of psalmody in anglican worship , whether it be sung or said ( 535–537 ) .

Where it employs professional musicians full- or part-time it should ensure that their salaries take account of their training and qualifications as well as of the time and contribution which they are expected to give to the worship .
where it employs professional musicians full- or part-time it should [make sure] that their salaries take account of their training and qualifications as well as of the time and contribution which they are expected to give to the worship .

That clergy and musicians do all in their power to ensure close and amicable working relationships ( 557–559 , 562 ) .
that clergy and musicians do all in their power to [make sure] close and amicable working relationships ( 557–559 , 562 ) .

If there is no overall director of music for the church , the leaders of the two groups will need to ensure a close relationship and positive co-operation with each other .
if there is no overall director of music for the church , the leaders of the two groups will need to [make sure] a close relationship and positive co-operation with each other .

It is designed to protect children and to ensure that care is taken in making appointments to any post which involves contact with children .
it is designed to protect children and to [make sure] that care is taken in making appointments to any post which involves contact with children .

An imaginative and sustained programme of recruitment for choirs and music groups is required , not only to ensure their future but also to train tomorrow 's directors of music .
an imaginative and sustained programme of recruitment for choirs and music groups is required , not only to [make sure] their future but also to train tomorrow 's directors of music .

That clergy , in particular , recognise the value of choirs and music groups for evangelism and nurturing in the Christian faith , and ensure that children participating in them receive spiritual and pastoral care ( 589–590 ) .
that clergy , in particular , recognise the value of choirs and music groups for evangelism and nurturing in the christian faith , and [make sure] that children participating in them receive spiritual and pastoral care ( 589–590 ) .

That organists or directors of music give consideration to the formation of a music group , where there is none , and ensure its close working relationship with any existing choir ( 591–593 ) .
that organists or directors of music give consideration to the formation of a music group , where there is none , and [make sure] its close working relationship with any existing choir ( 591–593 ) .

It should be possible for clergy and teachers to ensure both that churches include some of the school 's repertoire in their own , and that schools make room in their assemblies for some traditional hymns .
it should be possible for clergy and teachers to [make sure] both that churches include some of the school 's repertoire in their own , and that schools make room in their assemblies for some traditional hymns .

Probably Sukarno 's renunciation of non-cooperation did ensure a less severe fate for him .
probably sukarno 's renunciation of non-cooperation did [make sure] a less severe fate for him .

The British Government professed to ‘ have always regarded it as desirable that these elections should be held and have advised the Government of the Republic of [ South ] Vietnam to enter into consultation with the Viet Minh authorities [ sic ] in order to ensure that all the necessary conditions obtain for a free expression of the national will ’ .
the british government professed to ‘ have always regarded it as desirable that these elections should be held and have advised the government of the republic of [ south ] vietnam to enter into consultation with the viet minh authorities [ sic ] in order to [make sure] that all the necessary conditions obtain for a free expression of the national will ’ .

One of the aims of the Government 's 1988 benefit reforms was to ensure that no working families were faced with a marginal tax rate of over 100 per cent .
one of the aims of the government 's 1988 benefit reforms was to [make sure] that no working families were faced with a marginal tax rate of over 100 per cent .

Whereas until now we have been considering changes that are forming an underclass , we now turn to examine a reform already enacted that will ensure that the underclass , and other vulnerable groups , continue to be the least privileged in old age .
whereas until now we have been considering changes that are forming an underclass , we now turn to examine a reform already enacted that will [make sure] that the underclass , and other vulnerable groups , continue to be the least privileged in old age .

The distribution of wealth is important because one aim of the radical left should be to ensure that people draw an income from work , welfare and wealth .
the distribution of wealth is important because one aim of the radical left should be to [make sure] that people draw an income from work , welfare and wealth .

In other words , they would still be dependent on a means-tested housing benefit in order to ensure that their income was paid at the minimum level laid down by Parliament .
in other words , they would still be dependent on a means-tested housing benefit in order to [make sure] that their income was paid at the minimum level laid down by parliament .

This move alone will not ensure that the working partner of an unemployed person is not penalized for working .
this move alone will not [make sure] that the working partner of an unemployed person is not penalized for working .

‘ Proper ’ subjects have to ensure that even if they involve skills , they are not based on them .
‘ proper ’ subjects have to [make sure] that even if they involve skills , they are not based on them .

The implication is that if college graduates are relatively weak on inferred ability , they should ensure that they are strong on relevant competence .
the implication is that if college graduates are relatively weak on inferred ability , they should [make sure] that they are strong on relevant competence .

The appropriate response is to set up ways to manage the resistance productively and to ensure that its effects further the organization 's progress in its journey from here to there .
the appropriate response is to set up ways to manage the resistance productively and to [make sure] that its effects further the organization 's progress in its journey from here to there .

Identifying the power relationships and resources necessary to ensure the perpetuation of the change .
identifying the power relationships and resources necessary to [make sure] the perpetuation of the change .

Nevertheless , the system worked remarkably well , in large part because it was designed to ensure that each of its members had the information he needed to do his job .
nevertheless , the system worked remarkably well , in large part because it was designed to [make sure] that each of its members had the information he needed to do his job .

Finally , the toughest problem will probably be to ensure the supply , preparation , and testing of top management people .
finally , the toughest problem will probably be to [make sure] the supply , preparation , and testing of top management people .

Great care would be taken with the selection of personnel in order to ensure homogeneity in the organization 's reproduction .
great care would be taken with the selection of personnel in order to [make sure] homogeneity in the organization 's reproduction .

Long-term employment and extremely low rate of labour mobility ensure that shared knowledge remains internal to the enterprise and that leakage is minimal .
long-term employment and extremely low rate of labour mobility [make sure] that shared knowledge remains internal to the enterprise and that leakage is minimal .

Although criminal liability is imposed to ensure compliance with the provisions of s. 4 of the Business Names Act 1985 , there is a further sanction , and in practical terms this may be more effective .
although criminal liability is imposed to [make sure] compliance with the provisions of s. 4 of the business names act 1985 , there is a further sanction , and in practical terms this may be more effective .

Many companies currently in existence have ‘ objects clauses ’ in their memoranda of association which run to several pages in an attempt to ensure that the company will have the power to do anything the directors feel it needs to do .
many companies currently in existence have ‘ objects clauses ’ in their memoranda of association which run to several pages in an attempt to [make sure] that the company will have the power to do anything the directors feel it needs to do .

The company is then faced with the prospect of stepping from private ownership to public ownership to ensure future prosperity .
the company is then faced with the prospect of stepping from private ownership to public ownership to [make sure] future prosperity .

An administration order is designed to help a company which is likely to become or actually is insolvent to survive as a going concern , or if this is not possible to ensure an advantageous realization of the company 's assets .
an administration order is designed to help a company which is likely to become or actually is insolvent to survive as a going concern , or if this is not possible to [make sure] an advantageous realization of the company 's assets .

As liquidator , the official receiver 's function is to ensure that the company 's assets are got in , sold and distributed to the creditors and other persons properly entitled .
as liquidator , the official receiver 's function is to [make sure] that the company 's assets are got in , sold and distributed to the creditors and other persons properly entitled .

Hence , provided the independent contractor was one who could reasonably be entrusted with such work and the hotelier did what he could to ensure that the work was done properly , the lift company as independent contractors will alone be liable .
hence , provided the independent contractor was one who could reasonably be entrusted with such work and the hotelier did what he could to [make sure] that the work was done properly , the lift company as independent contractors will alone be liable .

Duty to ensure that premises are reasonably safe
duty to [make sure] that premises are reasonably safe

Efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .
efficiency : seeking to [make sure] that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .

( iii ) To ensure that the government machine responds and adapts itself to new policies and programmes as they emerge , within the broad framework of the main departmental fields of responsibility .
( iii ) to [make sure] that the government machine responds and adapts itself to new policies and programmes as they emerge , within the broad framework of the main departmental fields of responsibility .

take better policy decisions by assisting them to work out the implications of their basic strategy in terms of policies in specific areas , to establish the relative priorities to be given to the different sectors of their programme as a whole , to identify those areas of policy in which new choices can be exercised and to ensure that the underlying implications of alternative courses of action are fully analysed and considered .
take better policy decisions by assisting them to work out the implications of their basic strategy in terms of policies in specific areas , to establish the relative priorities to be given to the different sectors of their programme as a whole , to identify those areas of policy in which new choices can be exercised and to [make sure] that the underlying implications of alternative courses of action are fully analysed and considered .

The Exchequer and Audit Departments Act of 1866 ( as slightly amended in 1921 ) created the office of the Comptroller and Auditor General and charged him to identify and report upon the public accounts and to ensure that expenditures were authorised by Parliament and supported by the Treasury .
the exchequer and audit departments act of 1866 ( as slightly amended in 1921 ) created the office of the comptroller and auditor general and charged him to identify and report upon the public accounts and to [make sure] that expenditures were authorised by parliament and supported by the treasury .

ensure reliability of records ;
[make sure] reliability of records ;

The role of internal audit is to ensure that these arrangements are implemented and that they remain satisfactory .
the role of internal audit is to [make sure] that these arrangements are implemented and that they remain satisfactory .

Clearly Select Committees will have an important role to play in further developing the presentation of these reports to ensure that they provide greater accountability .
clearly select committees will have an important role to play in further developing the presentation of these reports to [make sure] that they provide greater accountability .

’ 3 Staff : ‘ The Agencies are putting considerable efforts into seeming what skills are needed and putting into effect the appropriate development programmes to ensure that their existing staff can meet them … There have also been financial rewards for staff .
’ 3 staff : ‘ the agencies are putting considerable efforts into seeming what skills are needed and putting into effect the appropriate development programmes to [make sure] that their existing staff can meet them … there have also been financial rewards for staff .

might be most usefully exploited , and about how to recognize which markets to enter first and what strategies to use to ensure the most effective implementation .
might be most usefully exploited , and about how to recognize which markets to enter first and what strategies to use to [make sure] the most effective implementation .

Thus , one person 's project has to be translated into something of wider benefit around the organization — which helps ensure success because it has support .
thus , one person 's project has to be translated into something of wider benefit around the organization — which helps [make sure] success because it has support .

Equally , the firms can not ensure that decisions will be made according to what they see as appropriate criteria unless those criteria are built into the decision process .
equally , the firms can not [make sure] that decisions will be made according to what they see as appropriate criteria unless those criteria are built into the decision process .

In essence , managerial time — supervisory effort — is being put in as the transaction cost to ensure effective committee efforts .
in essence , managerial time — supervisory effort — is being put in as the transaction cost to [make sure] effective committee efforts .

They are communal answers to the problem of human survival , a problem which requires collective solutions because , in the final resort , individuals can not ensure the reproduction of the species even if they can , for a finite period , ensure their own .
they are communal answers to the problem of human survival , a problem which requires collective solutions because , in the final resort , individuals can not [make sure] the reproduction of the species even if they can , for a finite period , [make sure] their own .

Each culture has its own ‘ agreed ’ way of surviving , which involves a social organization constructed to ensure that sufficient food , drink and shelter is obtained to allow reproduction for as many members of the cultural group as possible .
each culture has its own ‘ agreed ’ way of surviving , which involves a social organization constructed to [make sure] that sufficient food , drink and shelter is obtained to allow reproduction for as many members of the cultural group as possible .

The ways in which those resources are appraised and their potential realized become part of a culture , a collective system for the organization of survival which provides the rules within which societies seek to ensure their reproduction .
the ways in which those resources are appraised and their potential realized become part of a culture , a collective system for the organization of survival which provides the rules within which societies seek to [make sure] their reproduction .

Liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain criteria , such as the freedoms to form and join organizations , to express opinions , to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office , plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which ensure that government policies reflect popularly expressed preferences ( Johnston , 1989d , after Dahl , 1978 ) .
liberal democracy describes the political system in a number of countries that meet certain criteria , such as the freedoms to form and join organizations , to express opinions , to vote and to compete for votes and to stand for public office , plus the holding of free and fair elections and the existence of institutions which [make sure] that government policies reflect popularly expressed preferences ( johnston , 1989d , after dahl , 1978 ) .

The state , as argued by many theorists , is necessary to the capitalist mode of production , and it must ensure the conditions for capitalist success .
the state , as argued by many theorists , is necessary to the capitalist mode of production , and it must [make sure] the conditions for capitalist success .

The state is linked to all three components , through a set of institutions which : regulates the sphere of circulation , in order to ensure continued accumulation of surplus value in the sphere of production , but in doing so may promote the interests of certain intra-class groups over others ; oversees the processes of economic , biological and cultural reproduction ; and acts as the arena within which the popular democratic forces struggle over the other two .
the state is linked to all three components , through a set of institutions which : regulates the sphere of circulation , in order to [make sure] continued accumulation of surplus value in the sphere of production , but in doing so may promote the interests of certain intra-class groups over others ; oversees the processes of economic , biological and cultural reproduction ; and acts as the arena within which the popular democratic forces struggle over the other two .

Their intransigence , plus the unwillingness of other unions ( notably on the railways and in the steel industry ) to provide supportive action , was sufficient to ensure the strike 's defeat .
their intransigence , plus the unwillingness of other unions ( notably on the railways and in the steel industry ) to provide supportive action , was sufficient to [make sure] the strike 's defeat .

Enough coal was mined and transported to the power stations and coke works to ensure that the impact beyond the mining industry was minimal .
enough coal was mined and transported to the power stations and coke works to [make sure] that the impact beyond the mining industry was minimal .

The Butterley Company found that men whose wives could not find work were less likely to stay at Ollerton , and so planned the building of factories in the village which would ensure both that men were not lost and that family incomes could be supplemented .
the butterley company found that men whose wives could not find work were less likely to stay at ollerton , and so planned the building of factories in the village which would [make sure] both that men were not lost and that family incomes could be supplemented .

Since most of the money being offered was raised through Federal taxation , especially income tax , these mechanisms were being used to try and ensure that State governments did operate the welfare programmes seen as desirable by the Federal government ; if they did not , then their residents were paying taxes to Washington , but receiving relatively little in return .
since most of the money being offered was raised through federal taxation , especially income tax , these mechanisms were being used to try and [make sure] that state governments did operate the welfare programmes seen as desirable by the federal government ; if they did not , then their residents were paying taxes to washington , but receiving relatively little in return .

He will also regularly look over pollution control installations in his district to ensure their satisfactory operation and maintenance .
he will also regularly look over pollution control installations in his district to [make sure] their satisfactory operation and maintenance .

As we had suspected , however , for most of the new entrants , the new category was peripheral to their main business interests and relatively few resources were committed to ensure adequate software and hardware build quality .
as we had suspected , however , for most of the new entrants , the new category was peripheral to their main business interests and relatively few resources were committed to [make sure] adequate software and hardware build quality .

Consumers rapidly became aware that they had paid a low price because very little had been invested by manufacturers to ensure durability , integrity of the wordlist or good functionality as far as the software was concerned .
consumers rapidly became aware that they had paid a low price because very little had been invested by manufacturers to [make sure] durability , integrity of the wordlist or good functionality as far as the software was concerned .

The name is significant because Sony are determinedly working to rename their Data Discman in the public mind and to ensure it becomes known as the Electronic Book Player .
the name is significant because sony are determinedly working to rename their data discman in the public mind and to [make sure] it becomes known as the electronic book player .

The money dispensers in the capital could only be approached through their acolyte , whose job it was to demand some offerings and make the right moves to ensure success .
the money dispensers in the capital could only be approached through their acolyte , whose job it was to demand some offerings and make the right moves to [make sure] success .

The historical adviser is there not to ensure verisimilitude , but to be an accomplice in furthering the aims of the producer .
the historical adviser is there not to [make sure] verisimilitude , but to be an accomplice in furthering the aims of the producer .

However , whatever that ability may be , inspectors can not avoid the criticism that they fail to follow many of the practices that ensure rigour in research .
however , whatever that ability may be , inspectors can not avoid the criticism that they fail to follow many of the practices that [make sure] rigour in research .

Inspectors in charge of serials will search their officers to ensure that no officers have concealed six foot scaffold poles or pick axe handles in their pockets .
inspectors in charge of serials will search their officers to [make sure] that no officers have concealed six foot scaffold poles or pick axe handles in their pockets .

She was the arooseh , the bride of the Nile , and her sacrifice was meant to ensure a plentiful inundation .
she was the arooseh , the bride of the nile , and her sacrifice was meant to [make sure] a plentiful inundation .

In my judgment , the plain meaning of article 9 , viewed against the historical background in which it was enacted , was to ensure that Members of Parliament were not subjected to any penalty , civil or criminal for what they said and were able , contrary to the previous assertions of the Stuart monarchy , to discuss what they , as opposed to the monarch , chose to have discussed .
in my judgment , the plain meaning of article 9 , viewed against the historical background in which it was enacted , was to [make sure] that members of parliament were not subjected to any penalty , civil or criminal for what they said and were able , contrary to the previous assertions of the stuart monarchy , to discuss what they , as opposed to the monarch , chose to have discussed .

No doubt all judges will be astute to ensure that counsel does not in any way impugn or criticise the minister 's statements or his reasoning .
no doubt all judges will be astute to [make sure] that counsel does not in any way impugn or criticise the minister 's statements or his reasoning .

The majority , however , were adamantly opposed to anything which weakened their absolute control over their crews and were prepared to take any action which would ensure that this was upheld , the most effective method being the recruitment of non-union crews which were prepared to sail at lower rates and under worse conditions than union men .
the majority , however , were adamantly opposed to anything which weakened their absolute control over their crews and were prepared to take any action which would [make sure] that this was upheld , the most effective method being the recruitment of non-union crews which were prepared to sail at lower rates and under worse conditions than union men .

No trick , as he gleefully recounted himself was too low or devious to ensure the required result , though he might boast of being the `` King of the Bristol Channel `` .
no trick , as he gleefully recounted himself was too low or devious to [make sure] the required result , though he might boast of being the `` king of the bristol channel `` .

To the Annual Conference of the union in September 1915 he reported that `` the Government had commandeered the Camp `` , and that , when they eventually handed it back , reinstated as agricultural land , which he doubted that they ever would , compensation and rent paid or payable would ensure that `` the maintenance of aliens at Eastcote would have cost the Union not a single farthing `` and provide a useful start to its programme of Homes for Seamen .
to the annual conference of the union in september 1915 he reported that `` the government had commandeered the camp `` , and that , when they eventually handed it back , reinstated as agricultural land , which he doubted that they ever would , compensation and rent paid or payable would [make sure] that `` the maintenance of aliens at eastcote would have cost the union not a single farthing `` and provide a useful start to its programme of homes for seamen .

At the port level , the constitution provided for Port Consultants appointed by the union and the Federation whose duties were to ensure an adequate supply of labour , enabling boats to sail without delay .
at the port level , the constitution provided for port consultants appointed by the union and the federation whose duties were to [make sure] an adequate supply of labour , enabling boats to sail without delay .

If , for employment law purposes , large organisations are anxious to stress that the parties have no obligations to one another , they are also keen to ensure that the situation is not one of anarchy .
if , for employment law purposes , large organisations are anxious to stress that the parties have no obligations to one another , they are also keen to [make sure] that the situation is not one of anarchy .

Although they face daily and substantial fluctuations in demand for their output , they wish to ensure that they do have sufficient staff available to help them satisfy this demand .
although they face daily and substantial fluctuations in demand for their output , they wish to [make sure] that they do have sufficient staff available to help them satisfy this demand .

The court held that the practice of making first offers of work to a selected group of people who had declared themselves available , and the practice of declaring oneself available to ensure that such offers would be made , whilst an arrangement `` of mutual advantage `` to the parties , was not one involving contractual commitments or mutual obligation .
the court held that the practice of making first offers of work to a selected group of people who had declared themselves available , and the practice of declaring oneself available to [make sure] that such offers would be made , whilst an arrangement `` of mutual advantage `` to the parties , was not one involving contractual commitments or mutual obligation .

They have recognised the necessity of temporary working given the particular circumstances of the enterprise concerned , and have sought , where possible , to ensure , that temporary workers otherwise enjoy the same terms and conditions as regular workers .
they have recognised the necessity of temporary working given the particular circumstances of the enterprise concerned , and have sought , where possible , to [make sure] , that temporary workers otherwise enjoy the same terms and conditions as regular workers .

The purpose is to ensure that those bodies that are susceptible to judicial review have carried out their public duties in the way it was intended they should .
the purpose is to [make sure] that those bodies that are susceptible to judicial review have carried out their public duties in the way it was intended they should .

The subtleties of shape that ensure that both halves of the tongs fit together and work , may only be apparent to the smith .
the subtleties of shape that [make sure] that both halves of the tongs fit together and work , may only be apparent to the smith .

Additionally , the activity will need to initiate data generating and checking processes internally to establish model boundaries and ensure they are not violated .
additionally , the activity will need to initiate data generating and checking processes internally to establish model boundaries and [make sure] they are not violated .

Hence a new modification can be thoroughly inspected at the design stage to ensure a high degree of success before manufacture and installation .
hence a new modification can be thoroughly inspected at the design stage to [make sure] a high degree of success before manufacture and installation .

This should really be conducted in a negative sense by establishing whether the approach contains any constraint boundaries which will ensure that a successful design can never be achieved .
this should really be conducted in a negative sense by establishing whether the approach contains any constraint boundaries which will [make sure] that a successful design can never be achieved .

Price mechanism can be structured from cost-effective analysis to enable us to set a reasonable charge that will ensure profitability .
price mechanism can be structured from cost-effective analysis to enable us to set a reasonable charge that will [make sure] profitability .

( 3 ) The terms of reference must be defined in advance to ensure that the author and his boss or client are agreed on what is being studied and what the final report should cover .
( 3 ) the terms of reference must be defined in advance to [make sure] that the author and his boss or client are agreed on what is being studied and what the final report should cover .

You should , however , absorb the recommendations of sections 2.1 — 2.5 , which ensure that your report will be well based .
you should , however , absorb the recommendations of sections 2.1 — 2.5 , which [make sure] that your report will be well based .

Ensure that any answer you give is an elegant work of art ; the subject matter of the question will be related to your own studies , but the way in which it should be answered is more related to chess .
[make sure] that any answer you give is an elegant work of art ; the subject matter of the question will be related to your own studies , but the way in which it should be answered is more related to chess .

They are all based on long experience of examinations of the type concerned , and ensure that your paper is efficiently marked .
they are all based on long experience of examinations of the type concerned , and [make sure] that your paper is efficiently marked .

This will at least partially ensure a punctual attendance next time .
this will at least partially [make sure] a punctual attendance next time .

Certain ants , such as the common black ant found in the garden , use weather cues for a very different purpose — to ensure successful mating .
certain ants , such as the common black ant found in the garden , use weather cues for a very different purpose — to [make sure] successful mating .

Many fish , squid , octopuses , comb-jellies and jellyfish ensure that the abyssal depths are never completely dark by filling them with the sparkle and shimmer of animal light .
many fish , squid , octopuses , comb-jellies and jellyfish [make sure] that the abyssal depths are never completely dark by filling them with the sparkle and shimmer of animal light .

To ensure that its courtship sounds are heard , the male mole cricket builds an amplifier which works in a similar way to the horn of an old gramophone .
to [make sure] that its courtship sounds are heard , the male mole cricket builds an amplifier which works in a similar way to the horn of an old gramophone .

By using the moon to time their breeding , the palolo worms ensure that they all spawn simultaneously .
by using the moon to time their breeding , the palolo worms [make sure] that they all spawn simultaneously .

‘ There is a dishonest appropriation for the purposes of the Theft Act 1968 where by the substitution of a price label showing a lesser price on goods for one showing a greater price , a defendant either by that act alone or by that act in conjunction with another act or other acts ( whether done before or after the substitution of the labels ) adversely interferes with or usurps the right of the owner to ensure that the goods concerned are sold and paid for at that greater price .
‘ there is a dishonest appropriation for the purposes of the theft act 1968 where by the substitution of a price label showing a lesser price on goods for one showing a greater price , a defendant either by that act alone or by that act in conjunction with another act or other acts ( whether done before or after the substitution of the labels ) adversely interferes with or usurps the right of the owner to [make sure] that the goods concerned are sold and paid for at that greater price .

The chief purpose of this repatriation agreement was to ensure that `` all Soviet citizens liberated by forces under British command and all British subjects liberated by forces under Soviet command `` should `` without delay after their tiberation `` be separated and properly maintained `` until they have been handed over to Soviet or British authority , as the case may be `` .
the chief purpose of this repatriation agreement was to [make sure] that `` all soviet citizens liberated by forces under british command and all british subjects liberated by forces under soviet command `` should `` without delay after their tiberation `` be separated and properly maintained `` until they have been handed over to soviet or british authority , as the case may be `` .

In general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 May Definition Order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult operation should proceed with as little complication as possible .
in general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 may definition order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to [make sure] that a difficult operation should proceed with as little complication as possible .

Although the Yugoslavs had so far had no indication that they were being taken to anywhere but another camp , probably in Italy , and therefore McCreery would have observed an operation apparently going smoothly , we think it unlikely that Verney , Rose-Price and others who disliked the fact that Yugoslavs were being repatriated under a misapprehension as to their destination would have failed to ensure that the Army Commander was given a true picture .
although the yugoslavs had so far had no indication that they were being taken to anywhere but another camp , probably in italy , and therefore mccreery would have observed an operation apparently going smoothly , we think it unlikely that verney , rose-price and others who disliked the fact that yugoslavs were being repatriated under a misapprehension as to their destination would have failed to [make sure] that the army commander was given a true picture .

The strong flavours of culinary herbs ensure that they should be used in small quantities , but there is no need to go to the other extreme and be timid with them .
the strong flavours of culinary herbs [make sure] that they should be used in small quantities , but there is no need to go to the other extreme and be timid with them .

In particular , the Kitchen herbs are liable not to be used unless they are very close to hand for the cook ; in the rush of making up food amongst all the other demands being made at the same time , a trough or window-box of herbs on the Kitchen windowsill or just outside the backdoor will ensure that culinary herbs are used daily .
in particular , the kitchen herbs are liable not to be used unless they are very close to hand for the cook ; in the rush of making up food amongst all the other demands being made at the same time , a trough or window-box of herbs on the kitchen windowsill or just outside the backdoor will [make sure] that culinary herbs are used daily .

However , it does pay to provide some care and attention when growing herbs in the mass , to ensure their greater decorativeness and well-being , or even simply to curtail the activity of the lustier wild plants .
however , it does pay to provide some care and attention when growing herbs in the mass , to [make sure] their greater decorativeness and well-being , or even simply to curtail the activity of the lustier wild plants .

If they came from a garden centre , take the container off each root-ball , cut any long , coiled-round roots off level with the soil-ball , and plant without otherwise disturbing in a hole sufficiently deep to ensure that the surface of the soil-ball is level with or a little below that of the surrounding soil .
if they came from a garden centre , take the container off each root-ball , cut any long , coiled-round roots off level with the soil-ball , and plant without otherwise disturbing in a hole sufficiently deep to [make sure] that the surface of the soil-ball is level with or a little below that of the surrounding soil .

In fact , it was said that a plant of balm In the garden would ensure that the bees never left their hive to set up home elsewhere , and since sugar was highly priced in medieval days , honey carried a considerable premium .
in fact , it was said that a plant of balm in the garden would [make sure] that the bees never left their hive to set up home elsewhere , and since sugar was highly priced in medieval days , honey carried a considerable premium .

Cotton lavender needs a dry sunny situation in light soil to ensure that it ripens fully and is thus better able to withstand cold .
cotton lavender needs a dry sunny situation in light soil to [make sure] that it ripens fully and is thus better able to withstand cold .

To ensure as much foliage as possible , flowering stems should be removed as they appear .
to [make sure] as much foliage as possible , flowering stems should be removed as they appear .

The aim was to ensure that subjects had been fixating correctly by requiring them to report this digit immediately prior to recalling the stimulus .
the aim was to [make sure] that subjects had been fixating correctly by requiring them to report this digit immediately prior to recalling the stimulus .

It is important that those who are on such diets long term take care to ensure an adequate intake of essential nutrients .
it is important that those who are on such diets long term take care to [make sure] an adequate intake of essential nutrients .

However , if you know exactly what you need to be eating it is far easier to ensure that your body gets what it needs .
however , if you know exactly what you need to be eating it is far easier to [make sure] that your body gets what it needs .

If you do increase your calorie intake , ensure that you increase all portions of all the foods and not just some , so that the nutritious balance of the diet will be maintained .
if you do increase your calorie intake , [make sure] that you increase all portions of all the foods and not just some , so that the nutritious balance of the diet will be maintained .

You will need these as you go along , so do ensure you keep accurate records .
you will need these as you go along , so do [make sure] you keep accurate records .

This week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms Oxo , Knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast extract .
this week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms oxo , knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to [make sure] you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast extract .

Institutions which do produce more complex programmes as a regular feature of their work need to have someone in charge of the operation to ensure that proper planning is done .
institutions which do produce more complex programmes as a regular feature of their work need to have someone in charge of the operation to [make sure] that proper planning is done .

Phat was Duclos ' particular favourite among the cai because the ruthless sadism with which he disciplined his fellow coolies was matched by the utter servility he showed to Duclos to ensure he retained both his approval and the necessary stamp of his authority .
phat was duclos ' particular favourite among the cai because the ruthless sadism with which he disciplined his fellow coolies was matched by the utter servility he showed to duclos to [make sure] he retained both his approval and the necessary stamp of his authority .

Phat counted the strokes , darting an occasional glance at Duclos to ensure he retained his approval .
phat counted the strokes , darting an occasional glance at duclos to [make sure] he retained his approval .

Before you begin ensure that you have the following to hand :
before you begin [make sure] that you have the following to hand :

Ensure that your physical environment allows good levels of concentration .
[make sure] that your physical environment allows good levels of concentration .

Quickly re-read the relevant sections and ensure that you have n't missed anything of importance .
quickly re-read the relevant sections and [make sure] that you have n't missed anything of importance .

This would help to ensure that you have mastered its main ideas on this crucial topic , and give you a first taste of the strategy in practice .
this would help to [make sure] that you have mastered its main ideas on this crucial topic , and give you a first taste of the strategy in practice .

The chapter , and especially the Strategy , may seem to make the reading process far too time-consuming ; a sledgehammer to crack an historical nut ! Once mastered , however , it can be completed in minutes and ensure that you are reading at your optimum level .
the chapter , and especially the strategy , may seem to make the reading process far too time-consuming ; a sledgehammer to crack an historical nut ! once mastered , however , it can be completed in minutes and [make sure] that you are reading at your optimum level .

ensure your note-structure reflects these questions .
[make sure] your note-structure reflects these questions .

Uneven demographic distribution , diplomatic and military considerations , the location of major industries , commercial relations , cultural influences and the centralization of political and administrative power in either St Petersburg or Moscow ( ancient and modern ) have all helped to ensure that cis-Uralian Russia has enjoyed a near-monopoly of European and North American scholarship in this field .
uneven demographic distribution , diplomatic and military considerations , the location of major industries , commercial relations , cultural influences and the centralization of political and administrative power in either st petersburg or moscow ( ancient and modern ) have all helped to [make sure] that cis-uralian russia has enjoyed a near-monopoly of european and north american scholarship in this field .

The overall length of the Siberian lines was 2,100 versts , and mounted cossack patrols constantly made the rounds to ensure that all was peaceful .
the overall length of the siberian lines was 2,100 versts , and mounted cossack patrols constantly made the rounds to [make sure] that all was peaceful .

Consequently the bear-feast — ubiquitous in Siberia — was on the one hand a communal enjoyment of the cooked flesh of the animal , but on the other hand a sacred ritual intended to placate the bear-spirit and ensure that , while the dead animal would live again , its spirit would not seek vengeance on those who had killed it .
consequently the bear-feast — ubiquitous in siberia — was on the one hand a communal enjoyment of the cooked flesh of the animal , but on the other hand a sacred ritual intended to placate the bear-spirit and [make sure] that , while the dead animal would live again , its spirit would not seek vengeance on those who had killed it .

The only way to tell is to ask your dealer , so please ensure that you are dealing with one that you can trust , especially if you have to specifically order them .
the only way to tell is to ask your dealer , so please [make sure] that you are dealing with one that you can trust , especially if you have to specifically order them .

By now your heater will have brought the water to temperature and should have been adjusted to ensure that it 's spot on .
by now your heater will have brought the water to temperature and should have been adjusted to [make sure] that it 's spot on .

But having prepared the tank to ensure the best possible water quality and filters that have a head start , the maximum stock to begin with is two fish ( though arguably this could mean two 3″ Barbs or a shoal of six 1″ Tetras .
but having prepared the tank to [make sure] the best possible water quality and filters that have a head start , the maximum stock to begin with is two fish ( though arguably this could mean two 3″ barbs or a shoal of six 1″ tetras .

Diet is fine , but you could also try mussels , prawns , beef heart and good quality pellets to ensure correct vitamin balance .
diet is fine , but you could also try mussels , prawns , beef heart and good quality pellets to [make sure] correct vitamin balance .

Once in place a flow deflector and venturi unit can be set to ensure the required flow and aeration .
once in place a flow deflector and venturi unit can be set to [make sure] the required flow and aeration .

Your filter mat has been heat bonded to ensure that it retains its shape and that loose fibres do n't slip through to jam powerheads .
your filter mat has been heat bonded to [make sure] that it retains its shape and that loose fibres do n't slip through to jam powerheads .

Ed 's comment : Great care must be taken to ensure that the rocks used have no hidden cavities which might cause cracking or even an explosion when overheated .
ed 's comment : great care must be taken to [make sure] that the rocks used have no hidden cavities which might cause cracking or even an explosion when overheated .

This oxygen release will ensure that there is sufficient in all but the most overcrowded pond , throughout the day time .
this oxygen release will [make sure] that there is sufficient in all but the most overcrowded pond , throughout the day time .

Obviously it is worth keeping watch over the pond during these times to ensure that the fish do not become stuck .
obviously it is worth keeping watch over the pond during these times to [make sure] that the fish do not become stuck .

Motion control was required in order to ensure that a whole variety of models , photographed separately against blue screen , could be exactly slotted together in composite shots to create fast dogfights between space vehicles , for instance .
motion control was required in order to [make sure] that a whole variety of models , photographed separately against blue screen , could be exactly slotted together in composite shots to create fast dogfights between space vehicles , for instance .

The second will consider the work being done to mobilize the concern and commitment of individuals working in all aspects of health care to ensure that they were genuinely working for the health of the people .
the second will consider the work being done to mobilize the concern and commitment of individuals working in all aspects of health care to [make sure] that they were genuinely working for the health of the people .

Another important aspect for me was to recognize that the health sector needed to be allied with the most significant political forces working for the kind of changes that would help ensure healthy public policy .
another important aspect for me was to recognize that the health sector needed to be allied with the most significant political forces working for the kind of changes that would help [make sure] healthy public policy .

However , this recognition is not in order to freeze into cynical inaction , in the words of John Huddleston , but rather to ensure that our thinking about the future is practical and down-to-earth as well as visionary ( Huddleston , 1991 ) .
however , this recognition is not in order to freeze into cynical inaction , in the words of john huddleston , but rather to [make sure] that our thinking about the future is practical and down-to-earth as well as visionary ( huddleston , 1991 ) .

The emphasis on health , as well as disease , leads primary health care managers to liaise with other sectors whose work influences health and to ensure community involvement in the collection and use of data .
the emphasis on health , as well as disease , leads primary health care managers to liaise with other sectors whose work influences health and to [make sure] community involvement in the collection and use of data .

To that end the legal system has to ensure that there is a mechanism by which the police are able , in an organised and systematic way , to adapt relevant scientific information to the concrete needs of criminal investigations .
to that end the legal system has to [make sure] that there is a mechanism by which the police are able , in an organised and systematic way , to adapt relevant scientific information to the concrete needs of criminal investigations .

Part of his technique for staying in power has been to ensure that all the people closest to him get their hands bloody by sharing in the hangman 's work ; he calls it ‘ democratic execution ’
part of his technique for staying in power has been to [make sure] that all the people closest to him get their hands bloody by sharing in the hangman 's work ; he calls it ‘ democratic execution ’

The Metro uses a system of Hydragas spheres for its suspension , which link the front to the rear of the car and ensure a smooth passage over bumps — provided they do n't become moguls .
the metro uses a system of hydragas spheres for its suspension , which link the front to the rear of the car and [make sure] a smooth passage over bumps — provided they do n't become moguls .

The practices of infanticide and geronticide are culturally defined behaviour patterns designed to ensure the survival of the group in times of extreme food shortages .
the practices of infanticide and geronticide are culturally defined behaviour patterns designed to [make sure] the survival of the group in times of extreme food shortages .

In particular they have been seen as a system of colonization , and as institutions designed to ensure the military dominance of Israel over the indigenous Palestinian population .
in particular they have been seen as a system of colonization , and as institutions designed to [make sure] the military dominance of israel over the indigenous palestinian population .

He sees the business class in particular as exercising a crucial role in the economy , and he argues that it is able to draw upon its social contacts with a wider establishment to try to ensure that its interests are not fundamentally damaged .
he sees the business class in particular as exercising a crucial role in the economy , and he argues that it is able to draw upon its social contacts with a wider establishment to try to [make sure] that its interests are not fundamentally damaged .

To ensure that there is a sufficient supply of skilled people is the first of them , which requires that attention should be paid to advanced education .
to [make sure] that there is a sufficient supply of skilled people is the first of them , which requires that attention should be paid to advanced education .

The review panels now assembling to evaluate research proposals must ensure that human material is essential , and animal or substitute models should be used for preference when possible .
the review panels now assembling to evaluate research proposals must [make sure] that human material is essential , and animal or substitute models should be used for preference when possible .

The main safeguards in this area are the Housing Acts , supported by public health legislation , which is intended to ensure that no person should be allowed to live in a dwelling that is unfit for human habitation .
the main safeguards in this area are the housing acts , supported by public health legislation , which is intended to [make sure] that no person should be allowed to live in a dwelling that is unfit for human habitation .

These were designed partly to ensure the survival of a minimum level of service provision in rural areas , and , in the face of the continued decline of rural services , such a policy may have been necessary m some locations .
these were designed partly to [make sure] the survival of a minimum level of service provision in rural areas , and , in the face of the continued decline of rural services , such a policy may have been necessary m some locations .

In assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should ensure that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give appropriate directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .
in assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the police and criminal evidence act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should [make sure] that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give appropriate directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .

Whilst in most cases offenders rarely have the funds to provide victim compensation , this legislation is intended to ensure that if money in the form of literary profits is available , it be preserved for the victim .
whilst in most cases offenders rarely have the funds to provide victim compensation , this legislation is intended to [make sure] that if money in the form of literary profits is available , it be preserved for the victim .

The fast process would ensure that each cortical neuron tended to respond to an input feature that was different from the features of other cortical neurons .
the fast process would [make sure] that each cortical neuron tended to respond to an input feature that was different from the features of other cortical neurons .

Hennion argues that the monopolies need the independent small producer for economic reasons — to maintain a flow of new products and to ensure communication with an active market ( Hennion 1981 ; 1983 ) .
hennion argues that the monopolies need the independent small producer for economic reasons — to maintain a flow of new products and to [make sure] communication with an active market ( hennion 1981 ; 1983 ) .

If these arguments are valid , they create spaces which the system can not close off or remove , however much it wants to , and which ensure the possibility of conflicts within the productive forces as a whole .
if these arguments are valid , they create spaces which the system can not close off or remove , however much it wants to , and which [make sure] the possibility of conflicts within the productive forces as a whole .

It was unable , however , to foresee or come to grips with what Habermas in Legitimation Crisis calls the rationality or planning crisis ( Arato and Gebhardt 1978 : xviii-xx ) — that is , with the fact that , from the 1950s on , the dominant interests needed , in order to ensure their continued hegemony , to permit a certain amount of ‘ free space ’ within the rationalized structures for relatively unplanned ‘ opposition ’ .
it was unable , however , to foresee or come to grips with what habermas in legitimation crisis calls the rationality or planning crisis ( arato and gebhardt 1978 : xviii-xx ) — that is , with the fact that , from the 1950s on , the dominant interests needed , in order to [make sure] their continued hegemony , to permit a certain amount of ‘ free space ’ within the rationalized structures for relatively unplanned ‘ opposition ’ .

What is to ensure that the allocation of resources is not arbitrary , subject to the sway of ad hoc political pressure ?
what is to [make sure] that the allocation of resources is not arbitrary , subject to the sway of ad hoc political pressure ?

Joseph 's afrancesado minister , Azanza , held that to encourage resistance was to ensure ‘ the dissolution of society ’ by encouraging anarchy feared by all conservatives in 1808 .
joseph 's afrancesado minister , azanza , held that to encourage resistance was to [make sure] ‘ the dissolution of society ’ by encouraging anarchy feared by all conservatives in 1808 .

Jade accessories featured in rituals designed to ensure good relations between emperors and the celestial powers on whom they depended to ensure the continued mandate of heaven .
jade accessories featured in rituals designed to [make sure] good relations between emperors and the celestial powers on whom they depended to [make sure] the continued mandate of heaven .

The durability of jade alone encouraged the idea that it might prolong life or at least , by protecting the body from decay after death , ensure the possibility of resurrection .
the durability of jade alone encouraged the idea that it might prolong life or at least , by protecting the body from decay after death , [make sure] the possibility of resurrection .

If anyone believed that by wearing , bestowing or even consuming particular substances it was possible to avert poison and other evils or positively to advance a cause , it was comforting enough to ensure the continuity of such beliefs .
if anyone believed that by wearing , bestowing or even consuming particular substances it was possible to avert poison and other evils or positively to advance a cause , it was comforting enough to [make sure] the continuity of such beliefs .

‘ The magistrates were under a duty to ensure that there was a clear view of the aims and objectives of a secure accommodation placement and that those providing the accommodation could fully meet those aims and objectives .
‘ the magistrates were under a duty to [make sure] that there was a clear view of the aims and objectives of a secure accommodation placement and that those providing the accommodation could fully meet those aims and objectives .

Nor are we concerned with ensuring that the responses are voluntary , since the whole purpose of section 2 is to ensure that they are not .
nor are we concerned with ensuring that the responses are voluntary , since the whole purpose of section 2 is to [make sure] that they are not .

In part to ensure that all households could meet their obligations , the traditional practice whereby the commune periodically redistributed the land between households according to the size of families was extended .
in part to [make sure] that all households could meet their obligations , the traditional practice whereby the commune periodically redistributed the land between households according to the size of families was extended .

Civilian ministries were blamed for failing to ensure adequate supplies of food , for chronic shortages of every kind , for the endless queues .
civilian ministries were blamed for failing to [make sure] adequate supplies of food , for chronic shortages of every kind , for the endless queues .

They were therefore under the most powerful compulsion to adapt their ideas and tailor their programmes to ensure that they had mass appeal .
they were therefore under the most powerful compulsion to adapt their ideas and tailor their programmes to [make sure] that they had mass appeal .

2 ; see below , Chapter 3 ) argued that one function of the criminal law and punishment was to reinforce the conscience collective of society and thereby ensure that members of society continued to refrain from crime .
2 ; see below , chapter 3 ) argued that one function of the criminal law and punishment was to reinforce the conscience collective of society and thereby [make sure] that members of society continued to refrain from crime .

And a society 's ideology must be constantly reproduced if the society is to survive , just as ( for example ) an industrial society must continually renovate and update its machinery and ensure that the next generation of workers is produced , kept alive and prepared for productive labour .
and a society 's ideology must be constantly reproduced if the society is to survive , just as ( for example ) an industrial society must continually renovate and update its machinery and [make sure] that the next generation of workers is produced , kept alive and prepared for productive labour .

Many of the police series go to great lengths to ensure an authentic feel ( otherwise the companies get shoals of complaints from the policemen who avidly watch such shows , and sometimes begin to model their behaviour on what they see ) .
many of the police series go to great lengths to [make sure] an authentic feel ( otherwise the companies get shoals of complaints from the policemen who avidly watch such shows , and sometimes begin to model their behaviour on what they see ) .

Penguin 's motivation is to ensure that a core stock of its titles is always available in the stores .
penguin 's motivation is to [make sure] that a core stock of its titles is always available in the stores .

Whitaker is consulting with Penguin to ensure that the situation is rectified in time for next month 's publications .
whitaker is consulting with penguin to [make sure] that the situation is rectified in time for next month 's publications .

This arrangement will ensure that visitors spend a full day at the fair .
this arrangement will [make sure] that visitors spend a full day at the fair .

Let us also celebrate and exploit the opportunities that have been created by new media , and ensure that bookshops are seen as the distribution channel of choice , and that we do all we can to make the book the natural bedfellow of these emerging products .
let us also celebrate and exploit the opportunities that have been created by new media , and [make sure] that bookshops are seen as the distribution channel of choice , and that we do all we can to make the book the natural bedfellow of these emerging products .

• the need to ensure books were exciting in a stressful decade .
• the need to [make sure] books were exciting in a stressful decade .

Mr Pascall 's emphasis came back time and time again to the idea of a ‘ framework ’ : ‘ The purpose of the national curriculum , ’ he said , ‘ is to ensure that there is a framework so that we can be confident that every child has the opportunity to read widely , to develop the habit of reading and to develop the love and understanding of literature .
mr pascall 's emphasis came back time and time again to the idea of a ‘ framework ’ : ‘ the purpose of the national curriculum , ’ he said , ‘ is to [make sure] that there is a framework so that we can be confident that every child has the opportunity to read widely , to develop the habit of reading and to develop the love and understanding of literature .

’ The lists , he argued , would ensure that all children had a chance to read widely from some of the great literature of ‘ our literary heritage and those of other cultures ’ .
’ the lists , he argued , would [make sure] that all children had a chance to read widely from some of the great literature of ‘ our literary heritage and those of other cultures ’ .

in the case of an action arising from making a deposit otherwise than in accordance with conditions specified in a disposal licence , that the defendant took all such steps as were reasonably open to him to ensure that the conditions were complied with ;
in the case of an action arising from making a deposit otherwise than in accordance with conditions specified in a disposal licence , that the defendant took all such steps as were reasonably open to him to [make sure] that the conditions were complied with ;

Some of it has been seen as justifiable because it seeks to ensure competition and prevent monopoly .
some of it has been seen as justifiable because it seeks to [make sure] competition and prevent monopoly .

The system was intended to ensure that those who received help were worse off ( ‘ less eligible ’ ) than the poorest people in work .
the system was intended to [make sure] that those who received help were worse off ( ‘ less eligible ’ ) than the poorest people in work .

Broadly , the compromise reached was extended but not unlimited insurance benefits , the operation of strict and quite unrealistic tests to ensure that people were ‘ genuinely seeking work ’ , the use of additional means-tested benefits known then as ‘ doles ’ , and acceptance that the poor law authorities would give extensive ‘ outdoor ’ relief to the unemployed .
broadly , the compromise reached was extended but not unlimited insurance benefits , the operation of strict and quite unrealistic tests to [make sure] that people were ‘ genuinely seeking work ’ , the use of additional means-tested benefits known then as ‘ doles ’ , and acceptance that the poor law authorities would give extensive ‘ outdoor ’ relief to the unemployed .

Central intervention will be justified in terms of national political commitments , to ensure that central policies have an impact upon all localities .
central intervention will be justified in terms of national political commitments , to [make sure] that central policies have an impact upon all localities .

But the government has just announced that this staff concerned with employment advice will move back into the Department of Employment , to ensure that their work is more integrated with that of the staff paying benefits to the unemployed .
but the government has just announced that this staff concerned with employment advice will move back into the department of employment , to [make sure] that their work is more integrated with that of the staff paying benefits to the unemployed .

More and more instructions , more and more complex in their nature descended more and more frequently upon local offices , but without any adequately effective co-ordination at the Headquarters level to ensure that those in the outfield had a clear enough idea of what their order of priorities should be as they became less and less able to deal effectively with the totality of their responsibilities .
more and more instructions , more and more complex in their nature descended more and more frequently upon local offices , but without any adequately effective co-ordination at the headquarters level to [make sure] that those in the outfield had a clear enough idea of what their order of priorities should be as they became less and less able to deal effectively with the totality of their responsibilities .

This is a duty in respect of section 2 cases , and , even with children committed by the courts , efforts are made to ensure their eventual return to their own homes .
this is a duty in respect of section 2 cases , and , even with children committed by the courts , efforts are made to [make sure] their eventual return to their own homes .

Under the 1958 Children Act , local authorities have a duty to ensure the well-being of children who are fostered privately .
under the 1958 children act , local authorities have a duty to [make sure] the well-being of children who are fostered privately .

Efforts are made to rehabilitate patients after treatment to ensure that where possible their hospital stay is temporary .
efforts are made to rehabilitate patients after treatment to [make sure] that where possible their hospital stay is temporary .

Efforts are now being made to ensure that more old people are using housing benefits where these apply , but there is a need for constant vigilance to protect the most vulnerable groups of old people from the worst aspects of bad housing .
efforts are now being made to [make sure] that more old people are using housing benefits where these apply , but there is a need for constant vigilance to protect the most vulnerable groups of old people from the worst aspects of bad housing .

This is a very great hardship indeed , and only a very determined effort by society will ensure that the disabled achieve real acceptance and integration .
this is a very great hardship indeed , and only a very determined effort by society will [make sure] that the disabled achieve real acceptance and integration .

The Act provides for the local education authority to ensure that a child identified as having special educational needs is given education within an ordinary school as long as that is compatible with efficient use of resources and efficient education , both for the child concerned and for other children at the school .
the act provides for the local education authority to [make sure] that a child identified as having special educational needs is given education within an ordinary school as long as that is compatible with efficient use of resources and efficient education , both for the child concerned and for other children at the school .

Since control means some infringement of individual liberty , great care has to be taken to ensure that the control is not abused , and also that it does not clash with the other needs for care and treatment .
since control means some infringement of individual liberty , great care has to be taken to [make sure] that the control is not abused , and also that it does not clash with the other needs for care and treatment .

Moreover , it means a greater proportion of national income is in the hands of public officials , and care has to be taken to ensure that it is used well .
moreover , it means a greater proportion of national income is in the hands of public officials , and care has to be taken to [make sure] that it is used well .

’ Priority , it was argued , should be given to improving industrial investment and increasing productivity and export levels to ensure economic recovery .
’ priority , it was argued , should be given to improving industrial investment and increasing productivity and export levels to [make sure] economic recovery .

Through the statutes , central government can ensure some uniformity and minimum provision in certain areas of social need and encourage flexibility of provision , within certain limits , in others .
through the statutes , central government can [make sure] some uniformity and minimum provision in certain areas of social need and encourage flexibility of provision , within certain limits , in others .

Tribunals are an essential check on the powers of officialdom but at the moment they do not work as well as they should to ensure justice in welfare provision .
tribunals are an essential check on the powers of officialdom but at the moment they do not work as well as they should to [make sure] justice in welfare provision .

It would be perfect for lunch in Paris and , although it was not really suitable for travelling , it would at least ensure that she looked as she ought for her reunion with Anthony .
it would be perfect for lunch in paris and , although it was not really suitable for travelling , it would at least [make sure] that she looked as she ought for her reunion with anthony .

When the scheme was introduced there was speculation about whether those intending to become fundholders would increase referral rates in the preparatory year to ensure that their budgets , which were based on historical activity , were large enough to permit savings in subsequent years .
when the scheme was introduced there was speculation about whether those intending to become fundholders would increase referral rates in the preparatory year to [make sure] that their budgets , which were based on historical activity , were large enough to permit savings in subsequent years .

Liaison was established with one or two members of the practice staff , usually a general practitioner and a member of the administrative staff , and systems were established to ensure accuracy of information .
liaison was established with one or two members of the practice staff , usually a general practitioner and a member of the administrative staff , and systems were established to [make sure] accuracy of information .

General practitioners were enticed to join the fundholding scheme by the promise of new freedoms in their gatekeeping role , but when it became apparent that their potential to destabilise the system threatened other aspects of the reforms regional health authorities were told to ‘ manage the market ’ to ensure that the stability of hospitals was not threatened .
general practitioners were enticed to join the fundholding scheme by the promise of new freedoms in their gatekeeping role , but when it became apparent that their potential to destabilise the system threatened other aspects of the reforms regional health authorities were told to ‘ manage the market ’ to [make sure] that the stability of hospitals was not threatened .

Another factor which may have been important in this first year of the reforms was the determination of these pioneering fundholders to ensure the success of the scheme .
another factor which may have been important in this first year of the reforms was the determination of these pioneering fundholders to [make sure] the success of the scheme .

The government was also particularly anxious in an election year to ensure both that the benefits of the scheme were recognised and that accusations that they were encouraging the development of a two tier service were not substantiated .
the government was also particularly anxious in an election year to [make sure] both that the benefits of the scheme were recognised and that accusations that they were encouraging the development of a two tier service were not substantiated .

In Britain , waiting times for being seen in an outpatient clinic , followed by those for surgery , ensure that most children have waited a considerable time before grommet insertion , adenoidectomy , or a combination can be performed .
in britain , waiting times for being seen in an outpatient clinic , followed by those for surgery , [make sure] that most children have waited a considerable time before grommet insertion , adenoidectomy , or a combination can be performed .

The purpose of community intervention is not simply to observe but to ensure that treatment is sustained for those whose illness , in terms of either severity or nature , warrants this .
the purpose of community intervention is not simply to observe but to [make sure] that treatment is sustained for those whose illness , in terms of either severity or nature , warrants this .

Editor , — Mike Dudley and colleagues advise caution in extrapolating our results regarding activity undertaken by nurse practitioners in accident and emergency departments on the grounds that we made no attempt to ensure that nurse practitioners were actually on duty on the two days chosen for the census .
editor , — mike dudley and colleagues advise caution in extrapolating our results regarding activity undertaken by nurse practitioners in accident and emergency departments on the grounds that we made no attempt to [make sure] that nurse practitioners were actually on duty on the two days chosen for the census .

They firmly believed that people should be given rules to abide by to ensure that society ran on an even basis ; they did n't believe that the rules applied to them .
they firmly believed that people should be given rules to abide by to [make sure] that society ran on an even basis ; they did n't believe that the rules applied to them .

At a buffet you ensure that elderly and infirm guests , and those who have travelled long distances , have seats near the buffet table so that they are not obliged to stand for a long period .
at a buffet you [make sure] that elderly and infirm guests , and those who have travelled long distances , have seats near the buffet table so that they are not obliged to stand for a long period .

However , to ensure that proceedings go as you would wish , give the toastmaster instructions in advance , rather than piecemeal later .
however , to [make sure] that proceedings go as you would wish , give the toastmaster instructions in advance , rather than piecemeal later .

If your wedding guests are not seated in a reception hall but milling around a hotel or house your problem is to ensure that everyone is gathered in the right place at the right time to hear the speeches .
if your wedding guests are not seated in a reception hall but milling around a hotel or house your problem is to [make sure] that everyone is gathered in the right place at the right time to hear the speeches .

Ensure that you are not so near the microphone that it picks up every sound including heavy breathing and muttered asides .
[make sure] that you are not so near the microphone that it picks up every sound including heavy breathing and muttered asides .

The responsibility of the brother , sister , or best friend who organizes the bachelor party is to ensure that it is a happy event for the guest of honour , and that the jokes , entertainment and gifts do not embarrass those present or absent who will hear about the party later , or imperil the relationship between the engaged couple .
the responsibility of the brother , sister , or best friend who organizes the bachelor party is to [make sure] that it is a happy event for the guest of honour , and that the jokes , entertainment and gifts do not embarrass those present or absent who will hear about the party later , or imperil the relationship between the engaged couple .

And what about the right of the clubs to impose a differential payment of fines by players ? Apparently it is not intended to decide that a bowler with a long run pays more than a dashing opening batsman , but rather to ensure that a highly-paid Test cricketer does not necessarily pay the same amount as a young uncapped player . But why not , if both players receive exactly the same share of prizemoney , to which the Board have geared the fines anyway ?
and what about the right of the clubs to impose a differential payment of fines by players ? apparently it is not intended to decide that a bowler with a long run pays more than a dashing opening batsman , but rather to [make sure] that a highly-paid test cricketer does not necessarily pay the same amount as a young uncapped player . but why not , if both players receive exactly the same share of prizemoney , to which the board have geared the fines anyway ?

Selectors have to ensure that they have three good specialists in this area .
selectors have to [make sure] that they have three good specialists in this area .

But how were they to ensure survival in the game , and then at the highest level ?
but how were they to [make sure] survival in the game , and then at the highest level ?

Thatcher 's legacy has forced the poverty lobby onto the defensive as it fights to simply to maintain child benefit , to restore benefits to 16- and 17-year olds , or to ensure that 18- to 24-year-olds receive the same rate of income support as over 25-year-olds .
thatcher 's legacy has forced the poverty lobby onto the defensive as it fights to simply to maintain child benefit , to restore benefits to 16- and 17-year olds , or to [make sure] that 18- to 24-year-olds receive the same rate of income support as over 25-year-olds .

The tax was rushed through Parliament to ensure its arrival on the statute books before the election , and it may repeat some of the community charge 's mistakes .
the tax was rushed through parliament to [make sure] its arrival on the statute books before the election , and it may repeat some of the community charge 's mistakes .

The work of the development group as well as the series of scandals in residential care since the report 's publication continued to ensure that the report was not consigned to gather dust .
the work of the development group as well as the series of scandals in residential care since the report 's publication continued to [make sure] that the report was not consigned to gather dust .

SSDs must recognise the socioeconomic status of black elders , and ensure community care policies and resources reflect their ability to pay and receive services .
ssds must recognise the socioeconomic status of black elders , and [make sure] community care policies and resources reflect their ability to pay and receive services .

This would ensure services are provided in line with government objectives .
this would [make sure] services are provided in line with government objectives .

We must ensure we are not placing a child in a family where his or her own mother may herself have been abused .
we must [make sure] we are not placing a child in a family where his or her own mother may herself have been abused .

Their procedure requires that the cDNA is digested with combinations of 4 base pair cutting restriction endonucleases to ensure a greater representation of cDNA species during amplification .
their procedure requires that the cdna is digested with combinations of 4 base pair cutting restriction endonucleases to [make sure] a greater representation of cdna species during amplification .

These goals seem reasonable on paper but require a strong political commitment to ensure the accessibility of basic primary health services to the population and the existence of a clear vision of the minimum level of service that the state expects .
these goals seem reasonable on paper but require a strong political commitment to [make sure] the accessibility of basic primary health services to the population and the existence of a clear vision of the minimum level of service that the state expects .

Relationships between practices and the primary care division in Grampian have traditionally been close and officials have , on the whole , been supportive of efforts to ensure high standards of general practice .
relationships between practices and the primary care division in grampian have traditionally been close and officials have , on the whole , been supportive of efforts to [make sure] high standards of general practice .

There are also to be three subgroups of monitoring committees which will ensure adherence to contracts .
there are also to be three subgroups of monitoring committees which will [make sure] adherence to contracts .

It is also proposed to include a non-fundholding general practitioner on the committee as it has been a policy to try to ensure that two tier service does not develop .
it is also proposed to include a non-fundholding general practitioner on the committee as it has been a policy to try to [make sure] that two tier service does not develop .

An alternative is intensified monitoring of performance in an attempt to ensure compliance with contracts .
an alternative is intensified monitoring of performance in an attempt to [make sure] compliance with contracts .

Finally , although you have stopped talking so much about commercialism , we are still told that competition between hospitals is the way to ensure efficiency in health care provision .
finally , although you have stopped talking so much about commercialism , we are still told that competition between hospitals is the way to [make sure] efficiency in health care provision .

The leave of absence arrangements allowed under section 18 of the Mental Health ( Scotland ) Act 1984 enables the psychiatrist and mental health officer to ensure a higher level of supervision of vulnerable patients in the community than is permitted under the Mental Health Act 1983 .
the leave of absence arrangements allowed under section 18 of the mental health ( scotland ) act 1984 enables the psychiatrist and mental health officer to [make sure] a higher level of supervision of vulnerable patients in the community than is permitted under the mental health act 1983 .

It is abundantly clear that Mr Radice has two main objectives — to ensure that the Department of Health is required to give its reasons why a product licence for a medicine is granted , revoked , or suspended , and to ensure that patients are provided with better and more comprehensive information about the risks and benefits of the medicines that are prescribed for them .
it is abundantly clear that mr radice has two main objectives — to [make sure] that the department of health is required to give its reasons why a product licence for a medicine is granted , revoked , or suspended , and to [make sure] that patients are provided with better and more comprehensive information about the risks and benefits of the medicines that are prescribed for them .

At the very least , Mrs Bottomley should ensure that such data are collected regularly until there is clear evidence from research that the alternative to mental hospital care is working .
at the very least , mrs bottomley should [make sure] that such data are collected regularly until there is clear evidence from research that the alternative to mental hospital care is working .

Electronic , time coded diaries could ensure better quality of records .
electronic , time coded diaries could [make sure] better quality of records .

Many of the proposals dealt with the need to ensure that resources reached their intended destination and that they were augmented by the creation of new taxes on industrial and agricultural sectors .
many of the proposals dealt with the need to [make sure] that resources reached their intended destination and that they were augmented by the creation of new taxes on industrial and agricultural sectors .

Research should be done by experts to ensure useful results .
research should be done by experts to [make sure] useful results .

In practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .
in practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to [make sure] that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .

Mechanisms must be set up to ensure that commissioners in both health and social services receive feedback about needs assessment .
mechanisms must be set up to [make sure] that commissioners in both health and social services receive feedback about needs assessment .

Options for change in other areas to be covered by the Strategy will be analysed to ensure that any changes maintain or improve equity .
options for change in other areas to be covered by the strategy will be analysed to [make sure] that any changes maintain or improve equity .

The aim is to ensure that state governments and hospitals do not have a financial incentive to take private patients over public patients .
the aim is to [make sure] that state governments and hospitals do not have a financial incentive to take private patients over public patients .

When patients register with the clinic a copy of their record is flagged by the registrar to ensure that we know of deaths and their certified cause .
when patients register with the clinic a copy of their record is flagged by the registrar to [make sure] that we know of deaths and their certified cause .

The programme is structured , and tutors are asked to ensure that students see patients with problems pertaining to the ‘ topic of the week .
the programme is structured , and tutors are asked to [make sure] that students see patients with problems pertaining to the ‘ topic of the week .

Better support for carers is an essential ingredient of good community care and we want to ensure that practical examples of how this can be achieved are well publicised so that others can emulate them .
better support for carers is an essential ingredient of good community care and we want to [make sure] that practical examples of how this can be achieved are well publicised so that others can emulate them .

Under the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations the employer is required to ensure safe working practices , but recent studies have led to serious reservations about the reliability of this two tier system for venepuncture .
under the control of substances hazardous to health regulations the employer is required to [make sure] safe working practices , but recent studies have led to serious reservations about the reliability of this two tier system for venepuncture .

How can they ensure that they can be effective , that is , that they can actually provide services as well as providing assessments ?
how can they [make sure] that they can be effective , that is , that they can actually provide services as well as providing assessments ?

Should they be developing dementia registers in association with primary care teams or in some other way be trying to ensure that all dementia sufferers in a community have been properly assessed and offered appropriate services ?
should they be developing dementia registers in association with primary care teams or in some other way be trying to [make sure] that all dementia sufferers in a community have been properly assessed and offered appropriate services ?

There is no planning policy to ensure that they are not concentrated in one area which may lead to enormous pressures on local support services .
there is no planning policy to [make sure] that they are not concentrated in one area which may lead to enormous pressures on local support services .

Employers should ensure that all wardens receive basic training in dealing with dementia .
employers should [make sure] that all wardens receive basic training in dealing with dementia .

This may be an entirely uncontentious outline of the process of delivering care to individuals , although it conceals the profound organisational and operational difficulties of devising appropriate mechanisms and relationships to ensure that it happens .
this may be an entirely uncontentious outline of the process of delivering care to individuals , although it conceals the profound organisational and operational difficulties of devising appropriate mechanisms and relationships to [make sure] that it happens .

The goal of the day hospital is to ensure that the patient 's level of functioning is maintained at as high a level as possible , while levels of anxiety in both patient and carer are decreased , levels of confidence being likewise increased .
the goal of the day hospital is to [make sure] that the patient 's level of functioning is maintained at as high a level as possible , while levels of anxiety in both patient and carer are decreased , levels of confidence being likewise increased .

Susanne Turfus , who was Education Officer between 1982–1988 , provided as part of her duties a similar service for parents who sought advice and help to ensure that a deaf child would receive the best possible education .
susanne turfus , who was education officer between 1982–1988 , provided as part of her duties a similar service for parents who sought advice and help to [make sure] that a deaf child would receive the best possible education .

At the heart of the entire enterprise is a dual ambition ; on the one hand , to deliver literary production from the irresponsibility of an idealistic aestheticism by injecting a clearly articulated communist viewpoint into the literary process ; on the other , to ensure both the effectiveness of the ideological viewpoint itself and the universal quality of the work produced , by maintaining a fine balance between ideological ends and artistic means .
at the heart of the entire enterprise is a dual ambition ; on the one hand , to deliver literary production from the irresponsibility of an idealistic aestheticism by injecting a clearly articulated communist viewpoint into the literary process ; on the other , to [make sure] both the effectiveness of the ideological viewpoint itself and the universal quality of the work produced , by maintaining a fine balance between ideological ends and artistic means .

These ensure very smooth , jerk free panning camera movements , with the tilt damper being adjustable for stiffness .
these [make sure] very smooth , jerk free panning camera movements , with the tilt damper being adjustable for stiffness .

The decision came after a year-long test to ensure that packaging made from pulp mould was strong enough to protect cameras should they be dropped or roughly handled during transport .
the decision came after a year-long test to [make sure] that packaging made from pulp mould was strong enough to protect cameras should they be dropped or roughly handled during transport .

An important priority is to ensure that extra income is spent on extra activity .
an important priority is to [make sure] that extra income is spent on extra activity .

In return she should ensure that her mechanisms for protecting research and education are robust enough to enable London 's hospitals to operate fairly within the internal market .
in return she should [make sure] that her mechanisms for protecting research and education are robust enough to enable london 's hospitals to operate fairly within the internal market .

Given that resources are limited , a screening policy , for example , should be designed to ensure that , whatever resources are available , screening is available to all and that a fair method is adopted to designate those at highest risk as screen positive and ensure that they are offered appropriate prophylactic intervention .
given that resources are limited , a screening policy , for example , should be designed to [make sure] that , whatever resources are available , screening is available to all and that a fair method is adopted to designate those at highest risk as screen positive and [make sure] that they are offered appropriate prophylactic intervention .

Another concern is to ensure that new sorts of responsive services are there to meet identified needs .
another concern is to [make sure] that new sorts of responsive services are there to meet identified needs .

Studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .
studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to [make sure] its safe application in this area .

But it is imperative to ensure that research is carried out on the value of screening for gestational diabetes in those hitherto neglected settings .
but it is imperative to [make sure] that research is carried out on the value of screening for gestational diabetes in those hitherto neglected settings .

The faculty has regularly reviewed both its membership examination regulations and syllabus and its training recommendations over the past 20 years to ensure that they keep up to date , most recently with a complete revision last year , and it is continually striving to improve education and training in the specialty .
the faculty has regularly reviewed both its membership examination regulations and syllabus and its training recommendations over the past 20 years to [make sure] that they keep up to date , most recently with a complete revision last year , and it is continually striving to improve education and training in the specialty .

In point of fact , even if a replacement of unqualified with qualified quantification could be justified , this would still not ensure the success of the reductivist enterprise .
in point of fact , even if a replacement of unqualified with qualified quantification could be justified , this would still not [make sure] the success of the reductivist enterprise .

But this alone does not qualify any of them as possible existents , let alone ensure their existence .
but this alone does not qualify any of them as possible existents , let alone [make sure] their existence .

On the other hand , an arbitrary rule of substitution whereby two expressions are decreed to be interchangeable for each other within a given context , reveals nothing about the `` sameness of meaning `` unless we are in a position to explain the general rule governing such substitutions , which would ensure that the truth-value of the propositions in which such substitutions are carried out remains always and necessarily unaltered .
on the other hand , an arbitrary rule of substitution whereby two expressions are decreed to be interchangeable for each other within a given context , reveals nothing about the `` sameness of meaning `` unless we are in a position to explain the general rule governing such substitutions , which would [make sure] that the truth-value of the propositions in which such substitutions are carried out remains always and necessarily unaltered .

they do not by themselves ensure the uniqueness of the referential relation in any given case of referring .
they do not by themselves [make sure] the uniqueness of the referential relation in any given case of referring .

Spatial determination by means of co-ordinates , alone , can not ensure the metaphysical uniqueness of any existent .
spatial determination by means of co-ordinates , alone , can not [make sure] the metaphysical uniqueness of any existent .

All he did was to invoke the dubious metaphysical principle of `` sufficient reason `` in order to ensure the existential uniqueness of his monads and secure a basis for a meaningful distinction between numerical and qualitative identity .
all he did was to invoke the dubious metaphysical principle of `` sufficient reason `` in order to [make sure] the existential uniqueness of his monads and secure a basis for a meaningful distinction between numerical and qualitative identity .

This record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .
this record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to [make sure] that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .

Other members of staff could also refer to the record to ensure the relevance of teaching and to avoid duplication .
other members of staff could also refer to the record to [make sure] the relevance of teaching and to avoid duplication .

What mechanisms are in place to ensure that health care services are purchased in a manner likely to result in equity between social groups and individuals ?
what mechanisms are in place to [make sure] that health care services are purchased in a manner likely to result in equity between social groups and individuals ?

The last important institution , the Court of Justice , based in Luxembourg , was designed to ensure that Community laws had ‘ equivalent effect ’ in all member states and it established the primacy of ‘ Community Law ’ among the Six .
the last important institution , the court of justice , based in luxembourg , was designed to [make sure] that community laws had ‘ equivalent effect ’ in all member states and it established the primacy of ‘ community law ’ among the six .

The first stage in analysing the records is to scrutinize each individual record to ensure that it is in order , fully complete , and that any noticeable errors are corrected where possible .
the first stage in analysing the records is to scrutinize each individual record to [make sure] that it is in order , fully complete , and that any noticeable errors are corrected where possible .

He continued to assert that he would not live beyond the age of forty and even implied that he would take steps to ensure this .
he continued to assert that he would not live beyond the age of forty and even implied that he would take steps to [make sure] this .

The question is : are we by definition confined to making changes to the curriculum on a purely individual basis to ensure that the teaching individual children receive is appropriate to their needs ?
the question is : are we by definition confined to making changes to the curriculum on a purely individual basis to [make sure] that the teaching individual children receive is appropriate to their needs ?

It is important to ensure , therefore , that when we evaluate support teaching , the full complexity of what we are trying to achieve is properly appreciated , and is reflected both in the criteria we adopt and the methods we use to apply them .
it is important to [make sure] , therefore , that when we evaluate support teaching , the full complexity of what we are trying to achieve is properly appreciated , and is reflected both in the criteria we adopt and the methods we use to apply them .

On the one hand , the state has to ensure the continuation of the accumulation of capital ; on the other , it has to appear as a neutral arbiter of interests , thereby preserving its own legitimacy .
on the one hand , the state has to [make sure] the continuation of the accumulation of capital ; on the other , it has to appear as a neutral arbiter of interests , thereby preserving its own legitimacy .

Admirable as the desire is to ensure that these builders have the opportunity to construct the dwellings that the public will want to buy , the special position of Tyne and Wear , the real shortage of new land , makes it essential in planning terms that existing urban areas should be scoured for land upon which to build .
admirable as the desire is to [make sure] that these builders have the opportunity to construct the dwellings that the public will want to buy , the special position of tyne and wear , the real shortage of new land , makes it essential in planning terms that existing urban areas should be scoured for land upon which to build .

Couples do not , therefore , have to delay marriage in order to ensure that they can adequately support a larger family .
couples do not , therefore , have to delay marriage in order to [make sure] that they can adequately support a larger family .

The Chief Commissioner seeks to ensure that all reported decisions have the assent of a majority of Commissioners .
the chief commissioner seeks to [make sure] that all reported decisions have the assent of a majority of commissioners .

In coming to a decision the tribunal is bound by decisions of the Employment Appeal Tribunal and must ensure that its decisions take full account of the cases presented to them and any others that are relevant .
in coming to a decision the tribunal is bound by decisions of the employment appeal tribunal and must [make sure] that its decisions take full account of the cases presented to them and any others that are relevant .

On the first limb of the response , the Royal Commission rather lamely noted that the procedures of some tribunals have become ‘ legalistic ’ , mainly because the law governing their work has become more complex , and recommended that procedures be reviewed ‘ to ensure that applicants in person are able to conduct their own cases wherever possible ’ .
on the first limb of the response , the royal commission rather lamely noted that the procedures of some tribunals have become ‘ legalistic ’ , mainly because the law governing their work has become more complex , and recommended that procedures be reviewed ‘ to [make sure] that applicants in person are able to conduct their own cases wherever possible ’ .

The perceived need to ensure stability in society took precedence over fairness and justice .
the perceived need to [make sure] stability in society took precedence over fairness and justice .

They state that the Government believes that free competition between the providers of legal services will , through the discipline of the market , ensure that the public is provided with the most efficient and effective network of legal services at the most economical price .
they state that the government believes that free competition between the providers of legal services will , through the discipline of the market , [make sure] that the public is provided with the most efficient and effective network of legal services at the most economical price .

The functions of the Advisory Committee will be to advise on questions that arise as to what qualifications are necessary for providing legal services connected with litigation and what requirements are necessary to ensure proper standards of conduct .
the functions of the advisory committee will be to advise on questions that arise as to what qualifications are necessary for providing legal services connected with litigation and what requirements are necessary to [make sure] proper standards of conduct .

Restrictions on rights of audience ensure that persons appearing as representatives before courts have a minimum level of competence as advocates .
restrictions on rights of audience [make sure] that persons appearing as representatives before courts have a minimum level of competence as advocates .

The Institute has worked hard to ensure recognition of the professional work done by such staff and operates its own qualification procedures .
the institute has worked hard to [make sure] recognition of the professional work done by such staff and operates its own qualification procedures .

Thirteenth-century reformers expended much energy and ingenuity trying to ensure that parishes were properly served and that the souls of parishioners were not exposed to perdition by the negligence and greed of pluralist incumbents .
thirteenth-century reformers expended much energy and ingenuity trying to [make sure] that parishes were properly served and that the souls of parishioners were not exposed to perdition by the negligence and greed of pluralist incumbents .

Winchelsey 's pre-eminent objective had been to ensure that clerical taxation by the crown — conceded in principle at the Third Lateran Council in 1179 — was subject to clerical consent and was collected and managed by the clergy , a necessary corollary to their freedom of consent .
winchelsey 's pre-eminent objective had been to [make sure] that clerical taxation by the crown — conceded in principle at the third lateran council in 1179 — was subject to clerical consent and was collected and managed by the clergy , a necessary corollary to their freedom of consent .

The notion that this is attributable to having a former royal servant , Reynolds , as archbishop instead of an authoritarian idealist like Winchelsey is to overvalue the role of individuals , of Winchelsey in particular ; for all his principled vigour , Winchelsey had failed to ensure long-term security for the clergy , or much beyond transient relief even during his own pontificate .
the notion that this is attributable to having a former royal servant , reynolds , as archbishop instead of an authoritarian idealist like winchelsey is to overvalue the role of individuals , of winchelsey in particular ; for all his principled vigour , winchelsey had failed to [make sure] long-term security for the clergy , or much beyond transient relief even during his own pontificate .

It should be apparent from the fact that we can tell these two texts apart — tell which one is discourse , and which a constructed text — that our choices among the options for arranging the information are neither arbitrary , nor just aesthetic devices to ensure variety , but have some communicative function , making discourse more readily comprehensible .
it should be apparent from the fact that we can tell these two texts apart — tell which one is discourse , and which a constructed text — that our choices among the options for arranging the information are neither arbitrary , nor just aesthetic devices to [make sure] variety , but have some communicative function , making discourse more readily comprehensible .

In this way , many birds ensure that they cross the Mediterranean at its narrowest point , the Straits of Gibraltar , or circumvent the sea altogether by travelling east into Asia across the Bosphorus and then down along the eastern shore of the sea by way of Israel .
in this way , many birds [make sure] that they cross the mediterranean at its narrowest point , the straits of gibraltar , or circumvent the sea altogether by travelling east into asia across the bosphorus and then down along the eastern shore of the sea by way of israel .

Additionally there would have been a Wardrobe Mistress to arrange costuming , and a Make-up Lady to ensure no-one 's nose gleamed under the studio lights .
additionally there would have been a wardrobe mistress to arrange costuming , and a make-up lady to [make sure] no-one 's nose gleamed under the studio lights .

Lighting then became critical to ensure you did n't swamp one image with the other .
lighting then became critical to [make sure] you did n't swamp one image with the other .

Up in the gallery a careful watch is being kept on sound levels to ensure the noise from the fan is drowned out by the radiophonic wind effect now carrying through the studio 's talkback system and being picked up by the microphones .
up in the gallery a careful watch is being kept on sound levels to [make sure] the noise from the fan is drowned out by the radiophonic wind effect now carrying through the studio 's talkback system and being picked up by the microphones .

Dykes and channels must be kept clear to ensure a constant flow of water .
dykes and channels must be kept clear to [make sure] a constant flow of water .

The objective of media planning is to ensure that a reasonably large proportion of the target audience ( this is called ‘ coverage ’ ) sees the advertising a sufficient number of times ( this is called ‘ frequency ’ ) .
the objective of media planning is to [make sure] that a reasonably large proportion of the target audience ( this is called ‘ coverage ’ ) sees the advertising a sufficient number of times ( this is called ‘ frequency ’ ) .

Some peak-time or prime editorial to ensure coverage , plus off-peak or special time packages such as guaranteed TVRs or run-of-paper space to build frequency .
some peak-time or prime editorial to [make sure] coverage , plus off-peak or special time packages such as guaranteed tvrs or run-of-paper space to build frequency .

As the orders are made out to confirm the buyer 's telephone conversations with the media salespeople , copies are passed to the agency 's traffic controllers to ensure that the control system is able to get the required material to the media on time .
as the orders are made out to confirm the buyer 's telephone conversations with the media salespeople , copies are passed to the agency 's traffic controllers to [make sure] that the control system is able to get the required material to the media on time .

Photographing food , especially in close-up , involves very controlled and precise technique — and the constant services of an expert home economist to ensure the availability of the products involved , in exactly the right state .
photographing food , especially in close-up , involves very controlled and precise technique — and the constant services of an expert home economist to [make sure] the availability of the products involved , in exactly the right state .

They are the director , who comes from the production company , is in charge of the whole operation , and is the real expert ; the lighting cameraman , whose job is highly skilled and is exactly what it sounds like , and whose expertise will totally influence the visual texture of the film ; and the agency 's producer ( or creative group head ) whose job is to ensure that the director fully covers the brief , and to make any awkward decisions that may be needed .
they are the director , who comes from the production company , is in charge of the whole operation , and is the real expert ; the lighting cameraman , whose job is highly skilled and is exactly what it sounds like , and whose expertise will totally influence the visual texture of the film ; and the agency 's producer ( or creative group head ) whose job is to [make sure] that the director fully covers the brief , and to make any awkward decisions that may be needed .

On the subject of the second sales team , which will consist of five freelance representatives , Airlift sales director Stuart Binns explained that the aim was to ensure that the company gave a ‘ high profile to all our new titles and publishers ’ .
on the subject of the second sales team , which will consist of five freelance representatives , airlift sales director stuart binns explained that the aim was to [make sure] that the company gave a ‘ high profile to all our new titles and publishers ’ .

The ‘ insurance policy ’ would ensure that there would be a matched sum delivered come 15 July 1985 .
the ‘ insurance policy ’ would [make sure] that there would be a matched sum delivered come 15 july 1985 .

These were set out facing the way the explorer had gone so as to ensure a good view of him on his return .
these were set out facing the way the explorer had gone so as to [make sure] a good view of him on his return .

Given the complexities of some of the procedures which police officers are required to operate under this legislation , it is not surprising to find that the Metropolitan Police , and no doubt many other forces as well , have issued a set of elaborate and detailed instructions which indicate to an officer precisely how he is to proceed in any one of the many contingencies that may arise and which are designed to ensure that he acts in accordance with the statute as interpreted by the courts .
given the complexities of some of the procedures which police officers are required to operate under this legislation , it is not surprising to find that the metropolitan police , and no doubt many other forces as well , have issued a set of elaborate and detailed instructions which indicate to an officer precisely how he is to proceed in any one of the many contingencies that may arise and which are designed to [make sure] that he acts in accordance with the statute as interpreted by the courts .

In particular , it is well-established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness .
in particular , it is well-established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards as will [make sure] the attainment of fairness .

It was argued that the law should do more to ensure , not fairness , but honesty , in the carrying on of investment business in the United Kingdom .
it was argued that the law should do more to [make sure] , not fairness , but honesty , in the carrying on of investment business in the united kingdom .

These include procedures designed to ensure that : ( 1 ) no alleged contemnor shall be in any doubt as to the charges which are made against him ; ( 2 ) he shall be given a proper opportunity of showing cause why he should not be held in contempt of court ; ( 3 ) if an order of committal is made , the accused ( a ) knows precisely in what respects he has been found to have offended and ( b ) is given a written record of those findings and of the sentence passed upon him .
these include procedures designed to [make sure] that : ( 1 ) no alleged contemnor shall be in any doubt as to the charges which are made against him ; ( 2 ) he shall be given a proper opportunity of showing cause why he should not be held in contempt of court ; ( 3 ) if an order of committal is made , the accused ( a ) knows precisely in what respects he has been found to have offended and ( b ) is given a written record of those findings and of the sentence passed upon him .

In all these cases the court has been concerned to ensure that these fundamental requirements are met in the way in which , particularly in the case of the county courts , they are intended to be and should be met .
in all these cases the court has been concerned to [make sure] that these fundamental requirements are met in the way in which , particularly in the case of the county courts , they are intended to be and should be met .

( ii ) There is a general overriding principle that the Schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters signed at Brussels on 27 September 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the Community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .
( ii ) there is a general overriding principle that the schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters signed at brussels on 27 september 1968 in order to [make sure] that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .

Having regard to the objectives and the general scheme of the Convention , that it is important that , in order to ensure as far as possible the equality and uniformity of the rights and obligations arising out of the Convention for the contracting states and the persons concerned , that concept should not be interpreted simply as referring to the national law of one or other of the states concerned .
having regard to the objectives and the general scheme of the convention , that it is important that , in order to [make sure] as far as possible the equality and uniformity of the rights and obligations arising out of the convention for the contracting states and the persons concerned , that concept should not be interpreted simply as referring to the national law of one or other of the states concerned .

Consequently , the concept of ‘ matters relating to a contract ’ is to be regarded as an independent concept which , for the purpose of the application of the Convention , must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that it is fully effective .
consequently , the concept of ‘ matters relating to a contract ’ is to be regarded as an independent concept which , for the purpose of the application of the convention , must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the convention in order to [make sure] that it is fully effective .

Accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the Convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .
accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the convention in order to [make sure] that the latter is given full effect .

In order to ensure uniformity in all the member states , it must be recognised that the concept of ‘ matters relating to tort , delict and quasi-delict ’ covers all actions which seek to establish the liability of a defendant and which are not related to a ‘ contract ’ within the meaning of article 5 ( 1 ) .
in order to [make sure] uniformity in all the member states , it must be recognised that the concept of ‘ matters relating to tort , delict and quasi-delict ’ covers all actions which seek to establish the liability of a defendant and which are not related to a ‘ contract ’ within the meaning of article 5 ( 1 ) .

In order to ensure , as far as possible , the equality and uniformity of the rights and obligations under the Convention of the contracting states and of the persons concerned , the nature of that connection must be determined independently .
in order to [make sure] , as far as possible , the equality and uniformity of the rights and obligations under the convention of the contracting states and of the persons concerned , the nature of that connection must be determined independently .

The selection of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .
the selection of the lead cases was aimed to [make sure] that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .

That investigation had been initiated under rule 7.9 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Rules on the direction of the Chief Executive to the chief enforcement officer in the light of evidence that had come to Lautro 's attention suggesting that Norwich Union might have been in breach of various of the rules in failing adequately to monitor the business and operations of the Winchester Group and to ensure compliance with the Code of Conduct .
that investigation had been initiated under rule 7.9 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the rules on the direction of the chief executive to the chief enforcement officer in the light of evidence that had come to lautro 's attention suggesting that norwich union might have been in breach of various of the rules in failing adequately to monitor the business and operations of the winchester group and to [make sure] compliance with the code of conduct .

‘ The member shall ensure that a person is not appointed as a company representative of that member except on terms which impose on him a duty to act in the performance of his functions as a company representative in such a way as to comply with the code of conduct ; …
‘ the member shall [make sure] that a person is not appointed as a company representative of that member except on terms which impose on him a duty to act in the performance of his functions as a company representative in such a way as to comply with the code of conduct ; …

Mr. Collins then points out that by rule 2.12 ( 1 ) , Lautro requires its members to establish and maintain procedures by reference to which appointed representatives can ensure that they comply with Lautro 's rules .
mr. collins then points out that by rule 2.12 ( 1 ) , lautro requires its members to establish and maintain procedures by reference to which appointed representatives can [make sure] that they comply with lautro 's rules .

( 1 ) , Mr. Beloff submits that this supports his submission , not that of Mr. Collins , since what it does is to provide that the Norwich Union must have rules which will ensure that appointed representatives such as Winchester comply with the Lautro Rules .
( 1 ) , mr. beloff submits that this supports his submission , not that of mr. collins , since what it does is to provide that the norwich union must have rules which will [make sure] that appointed representatives such as winchester comply with the lautro rules .

In particular , it is well established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness .
in particular , it is well established that when a statute has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals , the courts will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed , but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards as will [make sure] the attainment of fairness .

Mr. Beloff submits that the requirement of notice to bodies , such as Winchester , was necessary to ensure that they did not breach the intervention notice , but in my view the limitation of the category of those entitled to be given notice to persons who will be prejudicially affected can only mean that it is the prejudice which brings with it the necessity to serve .
mr. beloff submits that the requirement of notice to bodies , such as winchester , was necessary to [make sure] that they did not breach the intervention notice , but in my view the limitation of the category of those entitled to be given notice to persons who will be prejudicially affected can only mean that it is the prejudice which brings with it the necessity to serve .

All that we are concerned to ensure is that the present applicants have a proper opportunity of obtaining the evidence they seek so that the grave allegations which they make — the very same allegations that troubled this court sufficiently to allow the appellant 's appeal — can be properly tested in the courts .
all that we are concerned to [make sure] is that the present applicants have a proper opportunity of obtaining the evidence they seek so that the grave allegations which they make — the very same allegations that troubled this court sufficiently to allow the appellant 's appeal — can be properly tested in the courts .

‘ The objects of the present Convention are — ( a ) to secure the prompt return of children wrongfully removed to or retained in any contracting state ; and ( b ) to ensure that rights of custody and of access under the law of one contracting state are effectively respected in the other contracting states .
‘ the objects of the present convention are — ( a ) to secure the prompt return of children wrongfully removed to or retained in any contracting state ; and ( b ) to [make sure] that rights of custody and of access under the law of one contracting state are effectively respected in the other contracting states .

By taking into account and weighing these and any other relevant circumstances , the court will ensure that it does not seek to exercise oppressively or unreasonably the very wide jurisdiction conferred by the sections .
by taking into account and weighing these and any other relevant circumstances , the court will [make sure] that it does not seek to exercise oppressively or unreasonably the very wide jurisdiction conferred by the sections .

Fraud — Misrepresentation — Execution of mortgage — Second mortgage of matrimonial home as security for advance to husband — Husband procuring wife 's execution of mortgage misrepresenting effect — Mortgagee failing to ensure transaction understood by wife — Whether mortgage enforceable against wife
fraud — misrepresentation — execution of mortgage — second mortgage of matrimonial home as security for advance to husband — husband procuring wife 's execution of mortgage misrepresenting effect — mortgagee failing to [make sure] transaction understood by wife — whether mortgage enforceable against wife

The branch manager of the bank sent the documents to another branch for execution with instructions to ensure that both defendants were fully aware of the nature of the documents and that , if in doubt , they should consult their solicitors before signing .
the branch manager of the bank sent the documents to another branch for execution with instructions to [make sure] that both defendants were fully aware of the nature of the documents and that , if in doubt , they should consult their solicitors before signing .

We would be obliged if you could witness our customers ' signatures where appropriate and ensure that they are fully aware of the documentation signed .
we would be obliged if you could witness our customers ' signatures where appropriate and [make sure] that they are fully aware of the documentation signed .

Please ensure that our customers are fully aware of the nature of the documentation to be signed and advise that if they are in any doubt they should contact their solicitors before signing .
please [make sure] that our customers are fully aware of the nature of the documentation to be signed and advise that if they are in any doubt they should contact their solicitors before signing .

‘ no steps were taken [ by the clerk ] to ensure that either of the defendants was aware of the nature or effect of the documents they were signing , and no suggestion was made to them that independent legal advice ought to be sought .
‘ no steps were taken [ by the clerk ] to [make sure] that either of the defendants was aware of the nature or effect of the documents they were signing , and no suggestion was made to them that independent legal advice ought to be sought .

In cases falling within this protected class , equity would hold the security given by the surety to be unenforceable by the creditor if : ( i ) the relationship between the debtor and the surety and the consequent likelihood of influence and reliance was known to the creditor ; and ( ii ) the surety 's consent to the transaction was procured by undue influence or material misrepresentation on the part of the debtor or the surety lacked an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction ; and ( iii ) the creditor , whether by leaving it to the debtor to deal with the surety or otherwise , had failed to take reasonable steps to try and ensure that the surety entered into the transaction with an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction and that the surety 's consent to the transaction was a true and informed one .
in cases falling within this protected class , equity would hold the security given by the surety to be unenforceable by the creditor if : ( i ) the relationship between the debtor and the surety and the consequent likelihood of influence and reliance was known to the creditor ; and ( ii ) the surety 's consent to the transaction was procured by undue influence or material misrepresentation on the part of the debtor or the surety lacked an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction ; and ( iii ) the creditor , whether by leaving it to the debtor to deal with the surety or otherwise , had failed to take reasonable steps to try and [make sure] that the surety entered into the transaction with an adequate understanding of the nature and effect of the transaction and that the surety 's consent to the transaction was a true and informed one .

In these circumstances it is necessary to ask whether the bank took reasonable steps to try and ensure that she had an adequate comprehension of the effect of the charge .
in these circumstances it is necessary to ask whether the bank took reasonable steps to try and [make sure] that she had an adequate comprehension of the effect of the charge .

In assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should ensure that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give appropriate directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .
in assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the police and criminal evidence act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should [make sure] that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give appropriate directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .

The effect of section 87 is to ensure that a qualified member of the tenant 's family who has made his home with the tenant shall not lose his home when the tenant dies but shall succeed to that home and to the secure tenancy which protected both the tenant and the successor while the tenant was alive and which shall continue to protect the successor after the death of the tenant .
the effect of section 87 is to [make sure] that a qualified member of the tenant 's family who has made his home with the tenant shall not lose his home when the tenant dies but shall succeed to that home and to the secure tenancy which protected both the tenant and the successor while the tenant was alive and which shall continue to protect the successor after the death of the tenant .

Measures taken by a state in order to ensure that ships flying its flag had a genuine link with it did not by any means need to contain nationality requirements such as those in section 14 of the Act of 1988 .
measures taken by a state in order to [make sure] that ships flying its flag had a genuine link with it did not by any means need to contain nationality requirements such as those in section 14 of the act of 1988 .

As regards the condition relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel , the applicants in the main proceedings stated in the first place that the flag state might legitimately require some measure of onshore representation in order to ensure that the authorities of that state had some method of tracing the responsibility of the operator .
as regards the condition relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel , the applicants in the main proceedings stated in the first place that the flag state might legitimately require some measure of onshore representation in order to [make sure] that the authorities of that state had some method of tracing the responsibility of the operator .

The Act of 1988 was designed precisely to ensure that the fish quotas allocated to the United Kingdom actually enured to the benefit of persons for whom they were intended .
the act of 1988 was designed precisely to [make sure] that the fish quotas allocated to the united kingdom actually enured to the benefit of persons for whom they were intended .

Member states shall ensure in particular equal conditions of access to and use of the fishing grounds situated in the waters referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph for all fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state and registered in Community territory .
member states shall [make sure] in particular equal conditions of access to and use of the fishing grounds situated in the waters referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph for all fishing vessels flying the flag of a member state and registered in community territory .

‘ Community law as it now stands … does not preclude a member state , in authorising one of its vessels to fish against national quotas , from laying down conditions designed to ensure that the vessel has a real economic link with that state if that link concerns only the relations between that vessel 's fishing operations and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries ; …
‘ community law as it now stands … does not preclude a member state , in authorising one of its vessels to fish against national quotas , from laying down conditions designed to [make sure] that the vessel has a real economic link with that state if that link concerns only the relations between that vessel 's fishing operations and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries ; …

‘ It shall be the duty of every director of a building society to satisfy himself that the arrangements made for assessing the adequacy of the security for any advance to be fully secured on land which is to be made by the society are such as may reasonably be expected to ensure that — ( a ) an assessment will be made on the occasion of each advance whether or not any previous assessment was made with a view to further advances or re-advances ; ( b ) each assessment will be made by a person holding office in or employed by the society who is competent to make the assessment and is not disqualified under this section from making it ; ( c ) each person making the assessment will have furnished to him a written report on the value of the land and any factors likely materially to affect its value made by a person who is competent to value , and is not disqualified under this section from making a report on , the land in question ; but the arrangements need not require each report to be made with a view to a particular assessment so long as it is adequate for the purpose of making the assessment .
‘ it shall be the duty of every director of a building society to satisfy himself that the arrangements made for assessing the adequacy of the security for any advance to be fully secured on land which is to be made by the society are such as may reasonably be expected to [make sure] that — ( a ) an assessment will be made on the occasion of each advance whether or not any previous assessment was made with a view to further advances or re-advances ; ( b ) each assessment will be made by a person holding office in or employed by the society who is competent to make the assessment and is not disqualified under this section from making it ; ( c ) each person making the assessment will have furnished to him a written report on the value of the land and any factors likely materially to affect its value made by a person who is competent to value , and is not disqualified under this section from making a report on , the land in question ; but the arrangements need not require each report to be made with a view to a particular assessment so long as it is adequate for the purpose of making the assessment .

‘ the fruits of the investigation which are in its possession are not the property of the Crown for use in securing a conviction but the property of the public to be used to ensure that justice is done .
‘ the fruits of the investigation which are in its possession are not the property of the crown for use in securing a conviction but the property of the public to be used to [make sure] that justice is done .

He was using the common coin of the judicial language which is frequently employed to remind the jury of their duty in a serious case and their Lordships do not consider that he overstepped the limits of his obligation to ensure a fair trial .
he was using the common coin of the judicial language which is frequently employed to remind the jury of their duty in a serious case and their lordships do not consider that he overstepped the limits of his obligation to [make sure] a fair trial .

If he has decided not to read out the query as it was written , he must ensure that it becomes part of the record .
if he has decided not to read out the query as it was written , he must [make sure] that it becomes part of the record .

‘ the function of the judge at a criminal trial as respects the admission of evidence is to ensure that the accused has a fair trial according to law .
‘ the function of the judge at a criminal trial as respects the admission of evidence is to [make sure] that the accused has a fair trial according to law .

Lord Scarman also referred to the judge 's duty to ensure that the defendant has a fair trial . In a passage he himself acknowledged was obiter , he said , at p. 456 :
lord scarman also referred to the judge 's duty to [make sure] that the defendant has a fair trial . in a passage he himself acknowledged was obiter , he said , at p. 456 :

In the Torfaen judgment the Court ruled , in relation to similar national legislation prohibiting the opening of retail shops on Sundays , that such a prohibition was not compatible with the principle of the free movement of goods provided for in the Treaty unless any obstacles to Community trade thereby created did not exceed what was necessary in order to ensure the attainment of the objective in view and unless that objective was justified with regard to Community law .
in the torfaen judgment the court ruled , in relation to similar national legislation prohibiting the opening of retail shops on sundays , that such a prohibition was not compatible with the principle of the free movement of goods provided for in the treaty unless any obstacles to community trade thereby created did not exceed what was necessary in order to [make sure] the attainment of the objective in view and unless that objective was justified with regard to community law .

The Court has already held , in its judgment of 23 November 1989 in the Torfaen case , that national rules governing the opening hours of retail premises reflect certain political and economic choices in so far as their purpose is to ensure that working and non-working hours are so arranged as to accord with national or regional socio-cultural characteristics , and that , in the present state of Community law , is a matter for the member states .
the court has already held , in its judgment of 23 november 1989 in the torfaen case , that national rules governing the opening hours of retail premises reflect certain political and economic choices in so far as their purpose is to [make sure] that working and non-working hours are so arranged as to accord with national or regional socio-cultural characteristics , and that , in the present state of community law , is a matter for the member states .

The obligation on member states to make good the damage is also based on Article 5 of the Treaty , under which the member states are bound to take all appropriate measures , whether general or particular , to ensure fulfilment of the obligations arising under Community law … .
the obligation on member states to make good the damage is also based on article 5 of the treaty , under which the member states are bound to take all appropriate measures , whether general or particular , to [make sure] fulfilment of the obligations arising under community law … .

Only the highest or the most favoured guests were to live in the tent city , and so , inevitably , the fighting between socialites to ensure places there was fierce .
only the highest or the most favoured guests were to live in the tent city , and so , inevitably , the fighting between socialites to [make sure] places there was fierce .

In the 1940 's Khomeini published his view that the clergy must ensure that secular rule is limited by the laws of Islam .
in the 1940 's khomeini published his view that the clergy must [make sure] that secular rule is limited by the laws of islam .

When installing the tray it is necessary to ensure that it is pushed home firmly and squarely to enable the internal pins to line up .
when installing the tray it is necessary to [make sure] that it is pushed home firmly and squarely to enable the internal pins to line up .

To ensure you get a full charge , just leave on for a half hour or so longer than normal .
to [make sure] you get a full charge , just leave on for a half hour or so longer than normal .

But do read the directions carefully to ensure you 're using the correct weedkiller in the right way .
but do read the directions carefully to [make sure] you 're using the correct weedkiller in the right way .

Peanut feeders with a strong fine mesh ensure that the birds must scrape and chip away at the nuts , avoiding the problem of nestlings choking on whole nuts in spring .
peanut feeders with a strong fine mesh [make sure] that the birds must scrape and chip away at the nuts , avoiding the problem of nestlings choking on whole nuts in spring .

This preference was even stronger when minnows were offered plastic models of nests — they invariably laid in nests containing white eggs , a habit which tends to ensure that the minnows ' eggs hatch before the perch 's do , and therefore while he is still on guard .
this preference was even stronger when minnows were offered plastic models of nests — they invariably laid in nests containing white eggs , a habit which tends to [make sure] that the minnows ' eggs hatch before the perch 's do , and therefore while he is still on guard .

To ensure that estates are motivated to take part , culling targets would be set by local deer management trusts ( LDMTs ) , developed from existing voluntary deer management groups and based around discrete deer populations .
to [make sure] that estates are motivated to take part , culling targets would be set by local deer management trusts ( ldmts ) , developed from existing voluntary deer management groups and based around discrete deer populations .

Now brewers must ensure their message to consumers is in the best possible taste .
now brewers must [make sure] their message to consumers is in the best possible taste .

Ensure that any policy applies equally throughout the entire Company from shop floor to Chairman of the board .
[make sure] that any policy applies equally throughout the entire company from shop floor to chairman of the board .

Soon after , she has a final check-up to ensure the abortion is complete .
soon after , she has a final check-up to [make sure] the abortion is complete .

The purpose of the subsection is to ensure that there is local representation on the licensing board for a division .
the purpose of the subsection is to [make sure] that there is local representation on the licensing board for a division .

( 6 ) The person to whom an occasional permission is granted shall ensure that the provisions of this Act or any byelaws or regulations made thereunder relating to the conduct of licensed premises are observed in the premises or place in respect of which the permission was granted as if he were the holder of a public house licence , and if he contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence : Provided that it shall be a defence for any person charged with an offence under this subsection if he proves that he used due diligence to prevent the occurrence of the offence .
( 6 ) the person to whom an occasional permission is granted shall [make sure] that the provisions of this act or any byelaws or regulations made thereunder relating to the conduct of licensed premises are observed in the premises or place in respect of which the permission was granted as if he were the holder of a public house licence , and if he contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence : provided that it shall be a defence for any person charged with an offence under this subsection if he proves that he used due diligence to prevent the occurrence of the offence .

There is no substitute for comprehensive pre-flight planning to ensure the safe and satisfactory conduct of a flight .
there is no substitute for comprehensive pre-flight planning to [make sure] the safe and satisfactory conduct of a flight .

During the final descent , check the loss of height in half-minute intervals to ensure that the desired descent rate is being maintained .
during the final descent , check the loss of height in half-minute intervals to [make sure] that the desired descent rate is being maintained .

On this basis you ensure as far as is possible that Decision Height is reached at a point where the field is ahead of you and visual contact established .
on this basis you [make sure] as far as is possible that decision height is reached at a point where the field is ahead of you and visual contact established .

The minimum safe height for an aircraft approaching Barra , to ensure a 500 foot clearance above the highest ground within 5nm of this beach landing area is 1,760 ft !
the minimum safe height for an aircraft approaching barra , to [make sure] a 500 foot clearance above the highest ground within 5nm of this beach landing area is 1,760 ft !

Being in a position of absolute power , Mussolini did every thing he could to ensure his continuing popularity by constructing autostrade , electrifying railways and making the trains run on time , as well as by such elaborate schemes as draining the Ponrine Marshes , previously infested by malarial mosquitoes , and reclaiming them for agriculture .
being in a position of absolute power , mussolini did every thing he could to [make sure] his continuing popularity by constructing autostrade , electrifying railways and making the trains run on time , as well as by such elaborate schemes as draining the ponrine marshes , previously infested by malarial mosquitoes , and reclaiming them for agriculture .

Recuperation went well , as modern science ensure that it will , especially after a nap deepened by some well-aged Ilwiiin smoke-ale .
recuperation went well , as modern science [make sure] that it will , especially after a nap deepened by some well-aged ilwiiin smoke-ale .

If he did finally decide , after all , this was n't the job for him , that snide comment should go some way to ensure that Lorrimer stood no chance of succeeding him as Director of Hoggatt 's .
if he did finally decide , after all , this was n't the job for him , that snide comment should go some way to [make sure] that lorrimer stood no chance of succeeding him as director of hoggatt 's .

Brenda often thought that this was the part of the working day she liked best , the hour before the staff arrived and the work of the Lab got really under way , when she and Inspector Blakelock worked together in the quiet emptiness of the hall , still and solemn as a church , making up a supply of manila folders ready to register the day 's new cases , repacking exhibits for collection by the police , making a final check of the Laboratory reports to courts to ensure that the examination was complete , that no relevant detail had been omitted .
brenda often thought that this was the part of the working day she liked best , the hour before the staff arrived and the work of the lab got really under way , when she and inspector blakelock worked together in the quiet emptiness of the hall , still and solemn as a church , making up a supply of manila folders ready to register the day 's new cases , repacking exhibits for collection by the police , making a final check of the laboratory reports to courts to [make sure] that the examination was complete , that no relevant detail had been omitted .

So , if clashes , deadlock , and instability were to be avoided , ways had to be found to ensure harmony between the three `` checking `` institutions of the state .
so , if clashes , deadlock , and instability were to be avoided , ways had to be found to [make sure] harmony between the three `` checking `` institutions of the state .

This serves to ensure moderation and contain political conflict to manageable proportions , and it also sustains the legitimacy of the system of rule so enabling law to be enforced with only limited policing .
this serves to [make sure] moderation and contain political conflict to manageable proportions , and it also sustains the legitimacy of the system of rule so enabling law to be enforced with only limited policing .

8 Each party is `` disciplined `` and possesses sufficient internal cohesion , so as to ensure that once in office it is able to carry its programme through the House of Commons and into law .
8 each party is `` disciplined `` and possesses sufficient internal cohesion , so as to [make sure] that once in office it is able to carry its programme through the house of commons and into law .

For the moment , however , we should recognise that the concern to strengthen intra-party democracy through constitutional reforms designed to hold the Parliamentary Labour Party accountable to the rank and file may do little to ensure that any future Labour Government delivers of its manifesto ( and possibly socialist ) promises since these reforms do not come to terms with power , the state , and the market .
for the moment , however , we should recognise that the concern to strengthen intra-party democracy through constitutional reforms designed to hold the parliamentary labour party accountable to the rank and file may do little to [make sure] that any future labour government delivers of its manifesto ( and possibly socialist ) promises since these reforms do not come to terms with power , the state , and the market .

In Britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .
in britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to [make sure] `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .

The moderate pluralism of bargains , balance , and compromise within rules of the game designed to ensure fair play and fair shares for all had somehow been transformed into the perverted and self-defeating hyperpluralism of strong groups and weak government operating on the basis of a free-for-all where might was right .
the moderate pluralism of bargains , balance , and compromise within rules of the game designed to [make sure] fair play and fair shares for all had somehow been transformed into the perverted and self-defeating hyperpluralism of strong groups and weak government operating on the basis of a free-for-all where might was right .

The rules of the game , then , far from being set by society so as to ensure fair play for all , seemed to be set by the local authorities .
the rules of the game , then , far from being set by society so as to [make sure] fair play for all , seemed to be set by the local authorities .

Not surprisingly , therefore , constitutional authorities eager for change have pondered long and hard , not so much on how to introduce a Bill of Rights or a restraining written constitution ( that , after all , could be effected by a simple Commons majority backed by the usual formality of assent by Crown and Lords ) but on how to ensure that such a new settlement sticks and lies safe beyond the repealing vote of yet another simple Commons majority .
not surprisingly , therefore , constitutional authorities eager for change have pondered long and hard , not so much on how to introduce a bill of rights or a restraining written constitution ( that , after all , could be effected by a simple commons majority backed by the usual formality of assent by crown and lords ) but on how to [make sure] that such a new settlement sticks and lies safe beyond the repealing vote of yet another simple commons majority .

It is recognised that the established electoral system does discriminate against third parties securing seats in proportion to votes , but this is defended because of the virtues that are seen as flowing from the fact that the system helps to ensure that just one party has a secure majority in the Commons and is therefore able to form a government without the need for coalition .
it is recognised that the established electoral system does discriminate against third parties securing seats in proportion to votes , but this is defended because of the virtues that are seen as flowing from the fact that the system helps to [make sure] that just one party has a secure majority in the commons and is therefore able to form a government without the need for coalition .

Advertising and promotional activity will be important at the information search stage , since this will ensure that the potential customer is kept aware of the existence of the product or brand .
advertising and promotional activity will be important at the information search stage , since this will [make sure] that the potential customer is kept aware of the existence of the product or brand .

This will involve the submission and testing of their product by the potential customer , who will ensure that it meets his technical and operating requirements .
this will involve the submission and testing of their product by the potential customer , who will [make sure] that it meets his technical and operating requirements .

Marketing Management must therefore take care to ensure that the alteration , which in itself appears to be sensible , does not adversely affect other significant components of the mix .
marketing management must therefore take care to [make sure] that the alteration , which in itself appears to be sensible , does not adversely affect other significant components of the mix .

The Prospectus was re-written , the contents reviewed and re-organised and professional designers and photographers were commissioned to ensure that the appearance was attractive and coherent .
the prospectus was re-written , the contents reviewed and re-organised and professional designers and photographers were commissioned to [make sure] that the appearance was attractive and coherent .

Will he note that it is rare for a mosque to be locked and that people of the Islamic faith remain in their mosques to ensure that they are not vandalised .
will he note that it is rare for a mosque to be locked and that people of the islamic faith remain in their mosques to [make sure] that they are not vandalised .

Will he ensure that parliamentary questions are listed by Department , and consider any other reforms that Hon .
will he [make sure] that parliamentary questions are listed by department , and consider any other reforms that hon .

Mr. Teddy Taylor : To ask the Lord President of the Council if he will take steps to ensure that European documents are considered by the House of Commons before a common position has been arrived at by the Council of Ministers ; and if he will make a statement .
mr. teddy taylor : to ask the lord president of the council if he will take steps to [make sure] that european documents are considered by the house of commons before a common position has been arrived at by the council of ministers ; and if he will make a statement .

Mr. Shaker : With this we may take amendment No. 17 , in clause 12 , page 6 , line 32 , at end insert , " and shall ensure that employees " pension rights are in no way diminished by the operation of this Act . "
mr. shaker : with this we may take amendment no. 17 , in clause 12 , page 6 , line 32 , at end insert , " and shall [make sure] that employees " pension rights are in no way diminished by the operation of this act . "

What will happen in the event of a catastrophe for example , if a commercial company goes bust or the new pension scheme collapses ? What will be the Government 's commitment to past pension rights ? Will the Government intervene to ensure that any pensioners who are affected will have their pension rights secured by her Majesty 's Government in the event of a collapse of a commercial company or the new pension scheme ?
what will happen in the event of a catastrophe for example , if a commercial company goes bust or the new pension scheme collapses ? what will be the government 's commitment to past pension rights ? will the government intervene to [make sure] that any pensioners who are affected will have their pension rights secured by her majesty 's government in the event of a collapse of a commercial company or the new pension scheme ?

Obviously , the purpose is to ensure that the best possible pensions arrangements are reached .
obviously , the purpose is to [make sure] that the best possible pensions arrangements are reached .

It will start on the date of a company 's privatisation and will last for at least six months , to ensure continuity of pension arrangements for employees , add up to 16 months , depending on the circumstances of the company concerned .
it will start on the date of a company 's privatisation and will last for at least six months , to [make sure] continuity of pension arrangements for employees , add up to 16 months , depending on the circumstances of the company concerned .

That code was to be developed to ensure that public transport met the needs of all passengers , including the disabled and that it worked efficiently in the consumers ' interest .
that code was to be developed to [make sure] that public transport met the needs of all passengers , including the disabled and that it worked efficiently in the consumers ' interest .

At this stage , we have an opportunity to ensure that the legislation will allow their voices to be heard through formal channels so that they do not have to resort to the usual practice of writing to the appropriate organisations .
at this stage , we have an opportunity to [make sure] that the legislation will allow their voices to be heard through formal channels so that they do not have to resort to the usual practice of writing to the appropriate organisations .

Such methods do not give their cause sufficient weight , but a consultative committee would ensure that disabled people have a strong voice in these matters .
such methods do not give their cause sufficient weight , but a consultative committee would [make sure] that disabled people have a strong voice in these matters .

Correct timetabling in rural areas is essential to ensure that people get to work on time , and the consultative committee could examine such matters .
correct timetabling in rural areas is essential to [make sure] that people get to work on time , and the consultative committee could examine such matters .

The new clause would provide a golden opportunity for the consultative committee to ensure that bus companies carry out recommendations that would ensure that the elderly and the disabled can travel on buses in Scotland in comparative safety .
the new clause would provide a golden opportunity for the consultative committee to [make sure] that bus companies carry out recommendations that would [make sure] that the elderly and the disabled can travel on buses in scotland in comparative safety .

The new clause provides him with an opportunity to ensure that Scottish people are provided with a consultative committee of men and women who will look after the public 's interests and recommend to bus operators what they ought to do to improve services .
the new clause provides him with an opportunity to [make sure] that scottish people are provided with a consultative committee of men and women who will look after the public 's interests and recommend to bus operators what they ought to do to improve services .

There is as much in the Bill to ensure the success of buy-outs as there is to ensure good weather .
there is as much in the bill to [make sure] the success of buy-outs as there is to [make sure] good weather .

We want the Minister to say that sales will not proceed until there is agreement not consultation — among the parties concerned to ensure the success of buy-outs .
we want the minister to say that sales will not proceed until there is agreement not consultation — among the parties concerned to [make sure] the success of buy-outs .

In privatising the Scottish Bus Group in the pattern we have chosen , we aim to set up a number of new , viable independent bus companies which will ensure healthy competition .
in privatising the scottish bus group in the pattern we have chosen , we aim to set up a number of new , viable independent bus companies which will [make sure] healthy competition .

The best course is surely to encourage bids with substantial employee participation which will ensure that employees have a say in the operations of their company in the long term .
the best course is surely to encourage bids with substantial employee participation which will [make sure] that employees have a say in the operations of their company in the long term .

It is obviously important to ensure that there is no asset stripping .
it is obviously important to [make sure] that there is no asset stripping .

It is clearly essential to ensure that property is properly valued , not only on its existing use value for bus operations , but on other bases such as its full development value .
it is clearly essential to [make sure] that property is properly valued , not only on its existing use value for bus operations , but on other bases such as its full development value .

The second option is to sell the property along with the company but ensure that the price received for the company fully reflects the range of values for the assets .
the second option is to sell the property along with the company but [make sure] that the price received for the company fully reflects the range of values for the assets .

The third option is to sell the property along with the company but with a legal charge on the property which will ensure that if the property is sold , say for development , within a specified period , the Government will receive a specified share of the development proceeds .
the third option is to sell the property along with the company but with a legal charge on the property which will [make sure] that if the property is sold , say for development , within a specified period , the government will receive a specified share of the development proceeds .

In order to ensure that pupils who have come to enjoy the advantages of the unit do not deliberately fail on a return to school , Owen refuses to readmit them once reintroduction has taken place .
in order to [make sure] that pupils who have come to enjoy the advantages of the unit do not deliberately fail on a return to school , owen refuses to readmit them once reintroduction has taken place .

This is not to say that staff do not seek to ensure that an apparently open exchange concludes with the ‘ correct ’ decision .
this is not to say that staff do not seek to [make sure] that an apparently open exchange concludes with the ‘ correct ’ decision .

In interviewing pupils and parents Roger is not constrained by the need to ensure that ‘ acceptance ’ of a place is conditional upon a future wish to leave .
in interviewing pupils and parents roger is not constrained by the need to [make sure] that ‘ acceptance ’ of a place is conditional upon a future wish to leave .

In order to maximize consistency of management at the school , and to ensure regular positive , feedback to pupils , the deputy head set up a reward system some five years ago , when the primary department was first established as a separate department .
in order to maximize consistency of management at the school , and to [make sure] regular positive , feedback to pupils , the deputy head set up a reward system some five years ago , when the primary department was first established as a separate department .

To ensure that all those involved fully understand their contribution .
to [make sure] that all those involved fully understand their contribution .

to ensure that the shorter-term budgets and plans were consistent with where the company wanted to go in the longer run
to [make sure] that the shorter-term budgets and plans were consistent with where the company wanted to go in the longer run

With the economic recession of 1970–1 , corporate managers came to realize that the form of long-term planning that they were conducting , based often on relatively straightforward projections of past growth , did not ensure corporate success .
with the economic recession of 1970–1 , corporate managers came to realize that the form of long-term planning that they were conducting , based often on relatively straightforward projections of past growth , did not [make sure] corporate success .

Hence a prime accounting task is to ensure that for business-portfolio planning the financial details of embryo businesses being built for the future are separated from those of ongoing businesses .
hence a prime accounting task is to [make sure] that for business-portfolio planning the financial details of embryo businesses being built for the future are separated from those of ongoing businesses .

When SBUs reach the last phase of their life-cycle ( irrespective of whether a cost-leadership or differentiated-product strategy is being employed ) , there are still further options available which will need to be understood by the accountant in order to ensure that all options are considered and relevant financial profiles selected .
when sbus reach the last phase of their life-cycle ( irrespective of whether a cost-leadership or differentiated-product strategy is being employed ) , there are still further options available which will need to be understood by the accountant in order to [make sure] that all options are considered and relevant financial profiles selected .

For example , no attempt was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .
for example , no attempt was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to [make sure] a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .

However , it is interesting to note that some wider forms of inter-group dependence can , paradoxically , act as a diversification mechanism to reduce organizational ambiguity , and may actually lessen the need for overall planning to ensure that specific interdependencies are always tightly managed .
however , it is interesting to note that some wider forms of inter-group dependence can , paradoxically , act as a diversification mechanism to reduce organizational ambiguity , and may actually lessen the need for overall planning to [make sure] that specific interdependencies are always tightly managed .

Like Peters and Waterman ( 1982 ) , she emphasizes the need for top executives to establish a few clear signals in order to create a felt need for change , and to use ‘ prime movers ’ in the organization both to ‘ talk up ’ the new strategy and to ensure that the signals or symbols developed to establish the new direction are present in all important interactions — i.e .
like peters and waterman ( 1982 ) , she emphasizes the need for top executives to establish a few clear signals in order to create a felt need for change , and to use ‘ prime movers ’ in the organization both to ‘ talk up ’ the new strategy and to [make sure] that the signals or symbols developed to establish the new direction are present in all important interactions — i.e .

Without adequate infra-structure it was difficult to ensure that , for example , two small purple dresses went to Harrods and four large green smocks to Liberty 's .
without adequate infra-structure it was difficult to [make sure] that , for example , two small purple dresses went to harrods and four large green smocks to liberty 's .

Anyone close to Laura could not fail to notice her ability to ensure reality remained in the next room .
anyone close to laura could not fail to notice her ability to [make sure] reality remained in the next room .

The debate over the most effective way to promote management education in general and to ensure effective provision in the public sector institutions led the Secretary of State in March 1971 to announce a plan for the creation of twelve Regional Management Centres ( RMCs ) .
the debate over the most effective way to promote management education in general and to [make sure] effective provision in the public sector institutions led the secretary of state in march 1971 to announce a plan for the creation of twelve regional management centres ( rmcs ) .

They had taken the strictest measures to ensure that the Project remained not merely ‘ invisible ’ in terms of its security profile , but that , in the unlikely event of sabotage , there would be copies of everything .
they had taken the strictest measures to [make sure] that the project remained not merely ‘ invisible ’ in terms of its security profile , but that , in the unlikely event of sabotage , there would be copies of everything .

The herbs in the soup would ensure that he slept .
the herbs in the soup would [make sure] that he slept .

When fixing into the ceiling , you should ensure that you screw directly into the joists .
when fixing into the ceiling , you should [make sure] that you screw directly into the joists .

Some tracks are treated with silicone to ensure smooth running , so an occasional polish with a silicone-based spray will help to keep them in good operational order .
some tracks are treated with silicone to [make sure] smooth running , so an occasional polish with a silicone-based spray will help to keep them in good operational order .

Ensure , too , that you always have a selection of spare needles ranging from fine to heavy ( 70–100 ) .
[make sure] , too , that you always have a selection of spare needles ranging from fine to heavy ( 70–100 ) .

With some plain fabrics , all drops will need to be cut in the same direction in order to match a pronounced woven design , or to ensure that fabrics with a high sheen catch the light evenly .
with some plain fabrics , all drops will need to be cut in the same direction in order to match a pronounced woven design , or to [make sure] that fabrics with a high sheen catch the light evenly .

It is also important to measure and cut fabric accurately to ensure that the pleats not only lie squarely on top of each other when the blind is pulled up but also to ensure that the blind hangs squarely when down .
it is also important to measure and cut fabric accurately to [make sure] that the pleats not only lie squarely on top of each other when the blind is pulled up but also to [make sure] that the blind hangs squarely when down .

To ensure that all the pleats lie at one level when the blind is raised , the top pleat section should be slightly deeper than those below it in order to cover the front of the batten and to allow for the depth of lath and rings which accumulate at the top of the blind when it is raised .
to [make sure] that all the pleats lie at one level when the blind is raised , the top pleat section should be slightly deeper than those below it in order to cover the front of the batten and to allow for the depth of lath and rings which accumulate at the top of the blind when it is raised .

Sexual imprinting normally functions in the wild to ensure that the animal will , when it grows up , choose a mate of the correct species .
sexual imprinting normally functions in the wild to [make sure] that the animal will , when it grows up , choose a mate of the correct species .

If the trait is to evolve , it must ensure survival .
if the trait is to evolve , it must [make sure] survival .

If a bird is defending a territory in order to exploit as efficiently as possible the food resources on it , the bird should ensure that it defends a territory no larger than necessary .
if a bird is defending a territory in order to exploit as efficiently as possible the food resources on it , the bird should [make sure] that it defends a territory no larger than necessary .

It is difficult to believe that all the paraphernalia of sex is needed merely to ensure that males are not confused with females or males of another species : that could be achieved much more quickly and less colourfully .
it is difficult to believe that all the paraphernalia of sex is needed merely to [make sure] that males are not confused with females or males of another species : that could be achieved much more quickly and less colourfully .

We shall start by confirming that sexual behaviour does indeed ensure that mates are of the correct species , and then see how well Darwin 's theory , modified and tested by recent work , can explain the full variety of sexual behaviour in animals both during courtship and , later , in parental care .
we shall start by confirming that sexual behaviour does indeed [make sure] that mates are of the correct species , and then see how well darwin 's theory , modified and tested by recent work , can explain the full variety of sexual behaviour in animals both during courtship and , later , in parental care .

There have been many investigations of the factors animals use to ensure that they mate with members of the same species .
there have been many investigations of the factors animals use to [make sure] that they mate with members of the same species .

Deserted wives were regarded with even more suspicion than widows , and in their case the circular advised that outdoor relief should be denied for twelve months , to ensure that they were not colluding with their husbands to defraud the authorities .
deserted wives were regarded with even more suspicion than widows , and in their case the circular advised that outdoor relief should be denied for twelve months , to [make sure] that they were not colluding with their husbands to defraud the authorities .

Doctors believed that the development of girls ' reproductive systems took place primarily at the time of menstruation and , in keeping with Spencer 's belief in the need to conserve energy in order to ensure healthy reproductive development , advised rest for teenage girls .
doctors believed that the development of girls ' reproductive systems took place primarily at the time of menstruation and , in keeping with spencer 's belief in the need to conserve energy in order to [make sure] healthy reproductive development , advised rest for teenage girls .

To start with , he generally studied the objects in his still lifes from slightly above eye-level , so that the spectator sees them in their most informative aspect ; this high viewpoint was probably assumed largely in order to limit the pictorial depth and ensure the unity of the picture surface in so far as that looking downwards on to the subject one 's eye is not allowed to wander off into limitless space .
to start with , he generally studied the objects in his still lifes from slightly above eye-level , so that the spectator sees them in their most informative aspect ; this high viewpoint was probably assumed largely in order to limit the pictorial depth and [make sure] the unity of the picture surface in so far as that looking downwards on to the subject one 's eye is not allowed to wander off into limitless space .

Giving a person a hearing before deciding to refuse such a licence application can help to ensure that this goal is correctly applied in a particular instance .
giving a person a hearing before deciding to refuse such a licence application can help to [make sure] that this goal is correctly applied in a particular instance .

Secondly , the argument that the term ‘ judicial ’ was used to ensure that only those bodies suited to adjudicative procedures should be subjected to natural justice is not generally sound .
secondly , the argument that the term ‘ judicial ’ was used to [make sure] that only those bodies suited to adjudicative procedures should be subjected to natural justice is not generally sound .

‘ Rather than ask what aspects of adjudicative procedures can be grafted onto this decisional process reviewing tribunals must ask : what is the nature of the process here undertaken , what mode of participation by affected parties is envisioned by such a decisional process , and what specific procedural guidelines are necessary to ensure the efficacy of that participation and the integrity of the process under review ? ’
‘ rather than ask what aspects of adjudicative procedures can be grafted onto this decisional process reviewing tribunals must ask : what is the nature of the process here undertaken , what mode of participation by affected parties is envisioned by such a decisional process , and what specific procedural guidelines are necessary to [make sure] the efficacy of that participation and the integrity of the process under review ? ’

Reasons can assist the courts in performing their supervisory function , can help to ensure that the decision has been thought through , and can aid in the control of administrative discretion .
reasons can assist the courts in performing their supervisory function , can help to [make sure] that the decision has been thought through , and can aid in the control of administrative discretion .

More intense review than that provided by a test of arbitrariness will be necessary in order to ensure that the agency does not just go through the motions of listening to people .
more intense review than that provided by a test of arbitrariness will be necessary in order to [make sure] that the agency does not just go through the motions of listening to people .

Part of the leadership role of a manager is to ensure , so far as possible , that official and unofficial norms are harmonised .
part of the leadership role of a manager is to [make sure] , so far as possible , that official and unofficial norms are harmonised .

ensure coordination between key areas of the organization eg between marketing and production ) ,
[make sure] coordination between key areas of the organization eg between marketing and production ) ,

The role of Quality Control is to ensure that appropriate standards of quality are set and that variances beyond the tolerances are rejected .
the role of quality control is to [make sure] that appropriate standards of quality are set and that variances beyond the tolerances are rejected .

Plans give rise to actions ( performance ) , and actions have to be monitored to ensure that they reflect the aims and intentions of the plans .
plans give rise to actions ( performance ) , and actions have to be monitored to [make sure] that they reflect the aims and intentions of the plans .

Dummy activities are actions which do not incur time , but need to be shown to ensure the logic of the network .
dummy activities are actions which do not incur time , but need to be shown to [make sure] the logic of the network .

— to ensure internal supply to production
— to [make sure] internal supply to production

— to ensure availability of goods to meet demand
— to [make sure] availability of goods to meet demand

staff need time off-the-job to ensure adequate training
staff need time off-the-job to [make sure] adequate training

Organizational structures will tend to favour decentralisation on account of the existence of powerful departmental computer facilities , whilst within offices the trend will be towards the integration of existing services , ie data processing , word processing , voice communication and electronic mail , along the lines suggested in Figure 30.3 in para 29 above . In these circumstances it will be important for organizations to plan for such a future , so as to ensure that :
organizational structures will tend to favour decentralisation on account of the existence of powerful departmental computer facilities , whilst within offices the trend will be towards the integration of existing services , ie data processing , word processing , voice communication and electronic mail , along the lines suggested in figure 30.3 in para 29 above . in these circumstances it will be important for organizations to plan for such a future , so as to [make sure] that :

the need to ensure the relevance , timeliness and adequacy of information ,
the need to [make sure] the relevance , timeliness and adequacy of information ,

It involves selecting the best channels by which to ensure the movement of goods and services from their original suppliers to their eventual consumers .
it involves selecting the best channels by which to [make sure] the movement of goods and services from their original suppliers to their eventual consumers .

Interviews are generally conducted in a structured form , so as to ensure consistency between interviewers .
interviews are generally conducted in a structured form , so as to [make sure] consistency between interviewers .

It has developed the British Code of Advertising Practice whose intentions are primarily to ensure that :
it has developed the british code of advertising practice whose intentions are primarily to [make sure] that :

Advertisements on commercial radio and television are controlled by the Independent Broadcasting Authority , which has produced a code of practice for advertisers to ensure , so far as possible , the legality , truthfulness and reputation of broadcast advertising .
advertisements on commercial radio and television are controlled by the independent broadcasting authority , which has produced a code of practice for advertisers to [make sure] , so far as possible , the legality , truthfulness and reputation of broadcast advertising .

In England and Wales , a manufacturer has a common law duty of care to ensure that his products do not cause injury or damage to a person or to his property .
in england and wales , a manufacturer has a common law duty of care to [make sure] that his products do not cause injury or damage to a person or to his property .

This Act , amongst other duties , requires designers , manufacturers and importers to ensure , so far as practicable , that any article is safe when properly used .
this act , amongst other duties , requires designers , manufacturers and importers to [make sure] , so far as practicable , that any article is safe when properly used .

The principal purposes of legislation are to ensure , so far as practicable , that ( i ) goods and services fulfil basic standards of quality and fitness for purpose , ( ii ) goods and services are fairly described in advertising etc , ( iii ) goods are safe , and ( iv ) any financial arrangements ( esp .
the principal purposes of legislation are to [make sure] , so far as practicable , that ( i ) goods and services fulfil basic standards of quality and fitness for purpose , ( ii ) goods and services are fairly described in advertising etc , ( iii ) goods are safe , and ( iv ) any financial arrangements ( esp .

Ensure labour requirements .
[make sure] labour requirements .

The major aims of scheduling are to ensure , so far as possible , that work is completed on time and within budgeted costs .
the major aims of scheduling are to [make sure] , so far as possible , that work is completed on time and within budgeted costs .

Liaison with the marketing department is important to ensure that the productive effort is meeting the customer 's needs , or , where there are difficulties in production , ensuring that the customer is informed and/or is prepared to accept a slightly different standard or quality of product , for example .
liaison with the marketing department is important to [make sure] that the productive effort is meeting the customer 's needs , or , where there are difficulties in production , ensuring that the customer is informed and/or is prepared to accept a slightly different standard or quality of product , for example .

Thus the final step is to ensure that the appropriate paperwork is available and correctly completed .
thus the final step is to [make sure] that the appropriate paperwork is available and correctly completed .

The primary responsibility of the purchasing department is to secure sufficient and suitable raw materials , components , other goods , and services to ensure that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with all its materials , and to achieve this responsibility in a cost-effective manner .
the primary responsibility of the purchasing department is to secure sufficient and suitable raw materials , components , other goods , and services to [make sure] that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with all its materials , and to achieve this responsibility in a cost-effective manner .

The responsibility for checking quality on the shop-floor is usually that of the Inspection department , whose main task is to ensure adherence to the organization 's quality standards .
the responsibility for checking quality on the shop-floor is usually that of the inspection department , whose main task is to [make sure] adherence to the organization 's quality standards .

Its key responsibility is to ensure that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with materials in a cost-effective way .
its key responsibility is to [make sure] that the manufacturing process is fully supplied with materials in a cost-effective way .

Quantity — this should be sufficient to ensure that items do not run out of stock , but not so much that unnecessary inventory costs are incurred through excessive stock-holding .
quantity — this should be sufficient to [make sure] that items do not run out of stock , but not so much that unnecessary inventory costs are incurred through excessive stock-holding .

The Inspection department 's role is to ensure that quality standards are properly maintained , without incurring disproportionate costs .
the inspection department 's role is to [make sure] that quality standards are properly maintained , without incurring disproportionate costs .

The lesson from Chernobyl is not only that the public requires governments to react more effectively next time , but also that there is a need to ensure that a Chernobyl-type accident does not happen again .
the lesson from chernobyl is not only that the public requires governments to react more effectively next time , but also that there is a need to [make sure] that a chernobyl-type accident does not happen again .

the European Community ) , to tackle air pollution problems and to ensure that air pollution concentrations are reduced or are maintained below a specific or general level that is deemed acceptable .
the european community ) , to tackle air pollution problems and to [make sure] that air pollution concentrations are reduced or are maintained below a specific or general level that is deemed acceptable .

The air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not exceeded ( Weber , 1982 ) .
the air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to [make sure] that these legal limits are not exceeded ( weber , 1982 ) .

They argue that this effluent fee would give motorists the proper incentive to ensure that exhaust emission control devices were efficiently maintained .
they argue that this effluent fee would give motorists the proper incentive to [make sure] that exhaust emission control devices were efficiently maintained .

Obviously , constraints have to be imposed on transactions in emission reduction credits in order to ensure that trades do not contribute to a violation of the air quality standards ( Brady , 1983 ) .
obviously , constraints have to be imposed on transactions in emission reduction credits in order to [make sure] that trades do not contribute to a violation of the air quality standards ( brady , 1983 ) .

Interestingly , Rosencranz ( 1981 ) points out that conservation groups could conceivably buy up all available permits to ensure improved air quality .
interestingly , rosencranz ( 1981 ) points out that conservation groups could conceivably buy up all available permits to [make sure] improved air quality .

Implementation of all measures requires co-ordination between central and local government departments to ensure a coherent and consistent pattern of response , and this may require the creation of a new organization to take charge overall during smog emergencies .
implementation of all measures requires co-ordination between central and local government departments to [make sure] a coherent and consistent pattern of response , and this may require the creation of a new organization to take charge overall during smog emergencies .

In conclusion , a smog alert system should be developed and considered very carefully before being introduced , to ensure that advice to the public is appropriate and does not cause unnecessary anxiety , that any measures proposed to reduce emissions temporarily are directed towards the most relevant sources , and that it does not weaken efforts towards longer-term reductions in air pollution .
in conclusion , a smog alert system should be developed and considered very carefully before being introduced , to [make sure] that advice to the public is appropriate and does not cause unnecessary anxiety , that any measures proposed to reduce emissions temporarily are directed towards the most relevant sources , and that it does not weaken efforts towards longer-term reductions in air pollution .

The environmental movement was too short-lived to ensure the rigid implementation of the 1970 Clean Air Act and this is one reason why the Clean Air Act was subsequently relaxed and weakened during the 1970s .
the environmental movement was too short-lived to [make sure] the rigid implementation of the 1970 clean air act and this is one reason why the clean air act was subsequently relaxed and weakened during the 1970s .

The resultant high prices would force many out of the market and ensure that manufacturing rights went to those firms to whom they were economically most important .
the resultant high prices would force many out of the market and [make sure] that manufacturing rights went to those firms to whom they were economically most important .

Except where the controlling group comes to power with a programme worked out in detail , the relationship between professional expertise and political organisation will ensure that much of the business of the authority will be generated by officers ’ .
except where the controlling group comes to power with a programme worked out in detail , the relationship between professional expertise and political organisation will [make sure] that much of the business of the authority will be generated by officers ’ .

The government 's 1988 White Paper in response to Widdicombe rejected Widdicombe 's central recommendation of a powerful chief executive with statutory powers and protection to ensure the council 's legal probity and managerial effectiveness .
the government 's 1988 white paper in response to widdicombe rejected widdicombe 's central recommendation of a powerful chief executive with statutory powers and protection to [make sure] the council 's legal probity and managerial effectiveness .

The state was a repressive instrument to ensure class domination .
the state was a repressive instrument to [make sure] class domination .

This autonomy is however conditional — a relative autonomy — because the capitalist ruling class are able to ensure their dominance over society and economy through the unequal competition between different ideologies .
this autonomy is however conditional — a relative autonomy — because the capitalist ruling class are able to [make sure] their dominance over society and economy through the unequal competition between different ideologies .

Pareto is clear that political activity is not necessarily a moralising activity ; on the contrary , the governing elite has to be able and willing to use violence , corruption , guilt and deceit to ensure public order , national independence and social conditions for the growth of national prosperity .
pareto is clear that political activity is not necessarily a moralising activity ; on the contrary , the governing elite has to be able and willing to use violence , corruption , guilt and deceit to [make sure] public order , national independence and social conditions for the growth of national prosperity .

It is argued that these groups have a vested interest in distorting reality to ensure that America always appears to be under threat so that they can force the president and Congress to finance the lavish and unnecessary programmes which they desire .
it is argued that these groups have a vested interest in distorting reality to [make sure] that america always appears to be under threat so that they can force the president and congress to finance the lavish and unnecessary programmes which they desire .

The aim of this was to ensure that America would become a permanent arms economy in which the state would underwrite American corporations through their guarantee of demand for the high technology goods which these corporations had invested in during the war .
the aim of this was to [make sure] that america would become a permanent arms economy in which the state would underwrite american corporations through their guarantee of demand for the high technology goods which these corporations had invested in during the war .

Well organised and technically proficient armed services can be used as a backstop to ensure that there is no internal unrest against the existing order of things .
well organised and technically proficient armed services can be used as a backstop to [make sure] that there is no internal unrest against the existing order of things .

Franklin Delano Roosevelt centralised political power in the executive branch of the government to ensure that there was a competing power to that possessed by the economic elite .
franklin delano roosevelt centralised political power in the executive branch of the government to [make sure] that there was a competing power to that possessed by the economic elite .

Their aim was to ensure that contracts were given and policies enacted which favoured their interests in making profits .
their aim was to [make sure] that contracts were given and policies enacted which favoured their interests in making profits .

The problem with it , so far as we can see , is that if the political system is democratic and the state is relatively neutral then how is it that anyone could use the system in such a way as to ensure that it permanently advantaged them to the exclusion of other actors and interests in the system ?
the problem with it , so far as we can see , is that if the political system is democratic and the state is relatively neutral then how is it that anyone could use the system in such a way as to [make sure] that it permanently advantaged them to the exclusion of other actors and interests in the system ?

This is , presumably , why Lockheed found it necessary to ensure that it was granted contracts around the world by offering financial inducements to decision-makers in the 1960s and 1970s .
this is , presumably , why lockheed found it necessary to [make sure] that it was granted contracts around the world by offering financial inducements to decision-makers in the 1960s and 1970s .

On the pluralist argument that the entrepreneur is the moving force behind economic development , Baran argues that the periphery , though marginal , may be fully penetrated by capitalist values and capitalist economic roles ; the nature of the integration into international capitalism means that structural constraints , such as external control of peripheral investment and production decisions- , ensure that industrial development is limited and vulnerable .
on the pluralist argument that the entrepreneur is the moving force behind economic development , baran argues that the periphery , though marginal , may be fully penetrated by capitalist values and capitalist economic roles ; the nature of the integration into international capitalism means that structural constraints , such as external control of peripheral investment and production decisions- , [make sure] that industrial development is limited and vulnerable .

Signalling by diffusion can work well for small organisms , but it is limited ; diffusion of chemical signals over long distances is slow and inefficient , as it can not be specifically targeted to ensure that the signal arrives only at the cell it was intended for .
signalling by diffusion can work well for small organisms , but it is limited ; diffusion of chemical signals over long distances is slow and inefficient , as it can not be specifically targeted to [make sure] that the signal arrives only at the cell it was intended for .

This would ensure directionality , but it would still leave the problem of getting the message from one end of the signalling cell to the other over what would now be a relatively long distance .
this would [make sure] directionality , but it would still leave the problem of getting the message from one end of the signalling cell to the other over what would now be a relatively long distance .

The concentration of neurons in ganglia is perhaps the first step towards building a brain , but even the appearance of a large head ganglion does not ensure that brains of the sort that humans and other mammals possess are the only design solution that can result .
the concentration of neurons in ganglia is perhaps the first step towards building a brain , but even the appearance of a large head ganglion does not [make sure] that brains of the sort that humans and other mammals possess are the only design solution that can result .

Currently fed by a saline stream and limited snow-melt , its salinity , dominated by calcium chloride , is about 13 times that of sea water , and high enough to ensure that it seldom if ever freezes .
currently fed by a saline stream and limited snow-melt , its salinity , dominated by calcium chloride , is about 13 times that of sea water , and high enough to [make sure] that it seldom if ever freezes .

There is also a constant westward drift in surface waters immediately surrounding the continent , and an eastward drift under the influence of westerly winds beyond the Antarctic Divergence , that spread species longitudinally and ensure circumpolar distributions .
there is also a constant westward drift in surface waters immediately surrounding the continent , and an eastward drift under the influence of westerly winds beyond the antarctic divergence , that spread species longitudinally and [make sure] circumpolar distributions .

This build would ensure the smallest possible surface area through which to lose heat , though the effect in well-insulated subjects can only have been trivial .
this build would [make sure] the smallest possible surface area through which to lose heat , though the effect in well-insulated subjects can only have been trivial .

‘ To ensure a smooth transition of responsibility .
‘ to [make sure] a smooth transition of responsibility .

The more effectively managed schools understood these problems and sought to ensure that sub-groups and delegated roles and responsibilities remained part of a wider collegial culture in which all participated , and within which divergences of opinion were openly explored .
the more effectively managed schools understood these problems and sought to [make sure] that sub-groups and delegated roles and responsibilities remained part of a wider collegial culture in which all participated , and within which divergences of opinion were openly explored .

It may well have been a more sensible policy , therefore , to make the Phase 1/3 disparity less extreme , and to use the resources to ensure that all schools were staffed on the 1986 Select Committee recommended basis of n registration groups plus one , with further pro rata adjustments for school size and specific challenges like those of the inner city .
it may well have been a more sensible policy , therefore , to make the phase 1/3 disparity less extreme , and to use the resources to [make sure] that all schools were staffed on the 1986 select committee recommended basis of n registration groups plus one , with further pro rata adjustments for school size and specific challenges like those of the inner city .

The aim would be ‘ to ensure that the long-term rate of expansion in public expenditure was properly aligned with prospective resources ’ .
the aim would be ‘ to [make sure] that the long-term rate of expansion in public expenditure was properly aligned with prospective resources ’ .

The aim was to ensure that local authorities developed plans that were consistent with the government 's spending target ( Glennerster , 1981b ) .
the aim was to [make sure] that local authorities developed plans that were consistent with the government 's spending target ( glennerster , 1981b ) .

Auditors must ensure that a local authority 's spending falls within its statutory powers .
auditors must [make sure] that a local authority 's spending falls within its statutory powers .

They must ensure that ‘ proper practices ’ are observed in drawing up their accounts .
they must [make sure] that ‘ proper practices ’ are observed in drawing up their accounts .

Traditional Keynesian analysis required government to intervene in the economy to affect the total level of demand for goods and services , and to ensure that this level was high enough to be consistent with full employment and not so high that inflation was generated or a balance of payments crisis precipitated .
traditional keynesian analysis required government to intervene in the economy to affect the total level of demand for goods and services , and to [make sure] that this level was high enough to be consistent with full employment and not so high that inflation was generated or a balance of payments crisis precipitated .

To ensure through general redistributive tax and cash benefit policies that all families have sufficient resources to purchase these services if they wish .
to [make sure] through general redistributive tax and cash benefit policies that all families have sufficient resources to purchase these services if they wish .

It seems improbable that donors will be motivated to give time or money to a profit-making hospital or home , on the grounds that it would be difficult to ensure that the patients or residents received the benefit , not the owner .
it seems improbable that donors will be motivated to give time or money to a profit-making hospital or home , on the grounds that it would be difficult to [make sure] that the patients or residents received the benefit , not the owner .

In 1895 , the Royal Free appointed an official ‘ almoner ’ to ensure that patients were genuinely poor and that they contributed what they could afford to their treatment .
in 1895 , the royal free appointed an official ‘ almoner ’ to [make sure] that patients were genuinely poor and that they contributed what they could afford to their treatment .

They had a strong incentive to ensure hospitals made efficient use of their money on behalf of their patients ( Glennerster , 1992 ) .
they had a strong incentive to [make sure] hospitals made efficient use of their money on behalf of their patients ( glennerster , 1992 ) .

Johnson returned to this case now in Aberdeen , saying that even though he understood how difficult it would be to ensure accurate evidence , it still did not make it right that a murderer should go unpunished .
johnson returned to this case now in aberdeen , saying that even though he understood how difficult it would be to [make sure] accurate evidence , it still did not make it right that a murderer should go unpunished .

Johnson hoped that his gift would ensure she did not forget him .
johnson hoped that his gift would [make sure] she did not forget him .

Excluded from the political process in their newly adopted lands , where they were not allowed to vote , and anxious to ensure a higher standard of living in the New World than they had enjoyed at home , they were instrumental in the creation of early workers ' organisations and political parties in Latin America .
excluded from the political process in their newly adopted lands , where they were not allowed to vote , and anxious to [make sure] a higher standard of living in the new world than they had enjoyed at home , they were instrumental in the creation of early workers ' organisations and political parties in latin america .

The theses advocated both support for national liberation movements and agitation to ensure that workers and peasants were prepared for the Soviet revolution which was to follow , a policy contradiction which was never resolved .
the theses advocated both support for national liberation movements and agitation to [make sure] that workers and peasants were prepared for the soviet revolution which was to follow , a policy contradiction which was never resolved .

He maintained that Latin America had already been drawn into the capitalist system in a dependent role , and that the activities of imperialism would ensure that it would retain this colonial status .
he maintained that latin america had already been drawn into the capitalist system in a dependent role , and that the activities of imperialism would [make sure] that it would retain this colonial status .

In order to ensure a personally loyal military apparats , he also launched the full-scale organisation of the ’ popular militias ' to be recruited principally from among the peasantry and the urban lower class .
in order to [make sure] a personally loyal military apparats , he also launched the full-scale organisation of the ’ popular militias ' to be recruited principally from among the peasantry and the urban lower class .

‘ Even if he had desired it , he could scarcely have done more to ensure that the Khans would support Nogai 's will .
‘ even if he had desired it , he could scarcely have done more to [make sure] that the khans would support nogai 's will .

The principal function of the watch was to deal with outbreaks of fire , and to ensure the security of property .
the principal function of the watch was to deal with outbreaks of fire , and to [make sure] the security of property .

Idly Jehan wondered how it was possible to ensure that every woman made available to Artai was incapable of childbirth .
idly jehan wondered how it was possible to [make sure] that every woman made available to artai was incapable of childbirth .

Moreover , the policing of the picket line was organised and controlled by local police officers according to a ‘ hearts and minds ’ philosophy : the Chief Constable of South Yorkshire sensibly recognised that almost every family in Sheffield had connections with the steelworkers and was keen to ensure that the police did not alienate themselves from the wider community .
moreover , the policing of the picket line was organised and controlled by local police officers according to a ‘ hearts and minds ’ philosophy : the chief constable of south yorkshire sensibly recognised that almost every family in sheffield had connections with the steelworkers and was keen to [make sure] that the police did not alienate themselves from the wider community .

The employers saw this as an opportunity to ensure the complete destruction of trade unionism and , between 1877 and 1922 , set out to achieve this aim .
the employers saw this as an opportunity to [make sure] the complete destruction of trade unionism and , between 1877 and 1922 , set out to achieve this aim .

The resulting Committee of Inquiry ( Popplewell , 1986 ) , highlighted the problematic nature of crowd-control arrangements for the final ( notably the failure to ensure the effective segregation of rival supporters and the inadequate numbers of gendarmerie ) , and weaknesses in the physical structure of the stadium .
the resulting committee of inquiry ( popplewell , 1986 ) , highlighted the problematic nature of crowd-control arrangements for the final ( notably the failure to [make sure] the effective segregation of rival supporters and the inadequate numbers of gendarmerie ) , and weaknesses in the physical structure of the stadium .

The extremists of the left were anxious to ensure that there was a violent ‘ confrontation ’ with the police , and to organise opposition in the city on class lines .
the extremists of the left were anxious to [make sure] that there was a violent ‘ confrontation ’ with the police , and to organise opposition in the city on class lines .

Since these extremists had been principally responsible for the detailed organisation of the march it is not surprising that there were no serious plans to control it , or to ensure that it went off peacefully .
since these extremists had been principally responsible for the detailed organisation of the march it is not surprising that there were no serious plans to control it , or to [make sure] that it went off peacefully .

As with coverage of political events , there is a need to ensure intelligibility ( which is achieved by evoking stereotypical explanations , such as the role of agitators or ‘ hooligan youth ’ ) and excitement ( hence the fixation on the dramatic and spectacular ) .
as with coverage of political events , there is a need to [make sure] intelligibility ( which is achieved by evoking stereotypical explanations , such as the role of agitators or ‘ hooligan youth ’ ) and excitement ( hence the fixation on the dramatic and spectacular ) .

The linguistic transformation known as object deletion is used to ensure that instances of police aggression are rendered more palatable .
the linguistic transformation known as object deletion is used to [make sure] that instances of police aggression are rendered more palatable .

, the British government and military officials have used a variety of sanctions , notably cutting journalists off from authoritative sources of information , to ensure that recalcitrant individuals and institutions are brought back into line ( Aleut , 1978:153 ) .
, the british government and military officials have used a variety of sanctions , notably cutting journalists off from authoritative sources of information , to [make sure] that recalcitrant individuals and institutions are brought back into line ( aleut , 1978:153 ) .

But then it occurred to him that perhaps the joke was Nicola 's and not Blufton 's at all , some invention to impress her boss and ensure her succession to Jane Pargeter 's job .
but then it occurred to him that perhaps the joke was nicola 's and not blufton 's at all , some invention to impress her boss and [make sure] her succession to jane pargeter 's job .

We recognise that when a number of intelligent and ingenious individuals in the most senior positions , but bereft of commercial morality and intent on personal gain , set out together to rob and to deceive , it is extremely difficult to ensure they will be deterred or exposed , before much damage is caused . ( Department of Trade and Industry 1990 )
we recognise that when a number of intelligent and ingenious individuals in the most senior positions , but bereft of commercial morality and intent on personal gain , set out together to rob and to deceive , it is extremely difficult to [make sure] they will be deterred or exposed , before much damage is caused . ( department of trade and industry 1990 )

Their purpose is to ensure that community service orders are tough and demanding ; that they are managed consistently and with discipline and thus that the public and sentencers can have confidence in them .
their purpose is to [make sure] that community service orders are tough and demanding ; that they are managed consistently and with discipline and thus that the public and sentencers can have confidence in them .

This suggestion was , not surprisingly , refused by Mrs Thatcher , who , despite the fact that her Government used the guillotine in Parliament to ensure a jury can no longer have a say in the public interest , as they had in the trial of Clive Ponting , declared in a written reply to Baroness Ewart Biggs , that :
this suggestion was , not surprisingly , refused by mrs thatcher , who , despite the fact that her government used the guillotine in parliament to [make sure] a jury can no longer have a say in the public interest , as they had in the trial of clive ponting , declared in a written reply to baroness ewart biggs , that :

To ensure that the loan will be repaid if you should die before the term is up , it is essential to take out a mortgage protection policy ( also called term assurance ) .
to [make sure] that the loan will be repaid if you should die before the term is up , it is essential to take out a mortgage protection policy ( also called term assurance ) .

These fallbacks are essential to ensure that you are not putting your home at risk if your money-saving plans go awry .
these fallbacks are essential to [make sure] that you are not putting your home at risk if your money-saving plans go awry .

Make sure you read the following pages and use the handy checklists to ensure a smooth move into your new home .
make sure you read the following pages and use the handy checklists to [make sure] a smooth move into your new home .

The full survey will ensure every nook and cranny is inspected .
the full survey will [make sure] every nook and cranny is inspected .

Since the transaction is such a large one , involving the acquisition of land and buildings , there is a strict legal code that has to be followed to ensure a watertight purchase or sale .
since the transaction is such a large one , involving the acquisition of land and buildings , there is a strict legal code that has to be followed to [make sure] a watertight purchase or sale .

Marion , who has worked at the Tour for the past two years and recently took over as Membership Secretary , says : ‘ We are pleased that so many girls want to join our Tour , but we are also anxious to ensure that they have thought through all the consequences and they are sure that they want to be a professional .
marion , who has worked at the tour for the past two years and recently took over as membership secretary , says : ‘ we are pleased that so many girls want to join our tour , but we are also anxious to [make sure] that they have thought through all the consequences and they are sure that they want to be a professional .

Despite being scheduled at the end of a long golfing year , the size of the Championship purse should ensure the participation of those eligible to enter .
despite being scheduled at the end of a long golfing year , the size of the championship purse should [make sure] the participation of those eligible to enter .

So Tottie tries to ensure that the baby will come early or late , helped by an unsuspecting neighbour called Mrs Bottom .
so tottie tries to [make sure] that the baby will come early or late , helped by an unsuspecting neighbour called mrs bottom .

The government 's new guidelines for the welfare of children in hospital aim to ensure that , in future , food for children is not only nutritious but enjoyable , too .
the government 's new guidelines for the welfare of children in hospital aim to [make sure] that , in future , food for children is not only nutritious but enjoyable , too .

They have been particularly badly hit in the current recession , not having the cash reserves and greater bargaining power with the banks that larger companies have been able to draw on , to ensure survival .
they have been particularly badly hit in the current recession , not having the cash reserves and greater bargaining power with the banks that larger companies have been able to draw on , to [make sure] survival .

The President of Birmingham Chambers of Industry & Commerce , Gary Allen , is leading a new initiative to ensure that the voice of business and industry is heard clearly by Government .
the president of birmingham chambers of industry & commerce , gary allen , is leading a new initiative to [make sure] that the voice of business and industry is heard clearly by government .

‘ We have now reshaped our lobbying and policy operation to ensure the needs of our 5500 member businesses are effectively researched and highlighted . ’
‘ we have now reshaped our lobbying and policy operation to [make sure] the needs of our 5500 member businesses are effectively researched and highlighted . ’

Businessmen must ensure that they meet the terms of business ethics imposed by the media .
businessmen must [make sure] that they meet the terms of business ethics imposed by the media .

ensure that the debt is not invalid ( statute which varies country to country )
[make sure] that the debt is not invalid ( statute which varies country to country )

The post at Bradford was only the tip of the iceberg ( although a very big tip ) and much of the discussion throughout the rest of the day concentrated on the ways in which the Institute 's professional examination scheme could be offered in the most effective way in colleges , and to ensure that colleges , branches and Institute Headquarters were working together .
the post at bradford was only the tip of the iceberg ( although a very big tip ) and much of the discussion throughout the rest of the day concentrated on the ways in which the institute 's professional examination scheme could be offered in the most effective way in colleges , and to [make sure] that colleges , branches and institute headquarters were working together .

Fill the dishes to the top with the mixture and ensure that the surface is smooth .
fill the dishes to the top with the mixture and [make sure] that the surface is smooth .

Government purchasing power should also ensure that all ingredients are better quality , healthier and fresher .
government purchasing power should also [make sure] that all ingredients are better quality , healthier and fresher .

To ensure a crop for yourself , protect them with nets .
to [make sure] a crop for yourself , protect them with nets .

It is a good idea to grow a selection of 13–15cm/5–6in parsley pots for the kitchen to ensure a crop for the whole year round .
it is a good idea to grow a selection of 13–15cm/5–6in parsley pots for the kitchen to [make sure] a crop for the whole year round .

One welcome step is the clearer duty placed on the Housing Corporation to adopt anti-racist policies , to promote racial harmony and to ensure equality of access .
one welcome step is the clearer duty placed on the housing corporation to adopt anti-racist policies , to promote racial harmony and to [make sure] equality of access .

In its most recent statements the government 's main concern has been to try to ensure that council house rents reflect more closely the values of the houses .
in its most recent statements the government 's main concern has been to try to [make sure] that council house rents reflect more closely the values of the houses .

There are , then , considerable difficulties in attempting to ensure accountability and Leat comments that ‘ problems are likely to increase if a policy of pluralism and closer relationships between the voluntary and statutory sectors is pursued ’ .
there are , then , considerable difficulties in attempting to [make sure] accountability and leat comments that ‘ problems are likely to increase if a policy of pluralism and closer relationships between the voluntary and statutory sectors is pursued ’ .

The Government will ensure that they have acceptable plans for achieving this ’ .
the government will [make sure] that they have acceptable plans for achieving this ’ .

Challis draws a distinction between geographical decentralisation and resource decentralisation where ‘ decisions over the precise allocation of resources are formally pushed to a lower level than is usual , at times to the individual field worker , to ensure more appropriate allocation of resources ’ .
challis draws a distinction between geographical decentralisation and resource decentralisation where ‘ decisions over the precise allocation of resources are formally pushed to a lower level than is usual , at times to the individual field worker , to [make sure] more appropriate allocation of resources ’ .

There also has to be a clear purpose and a degree of co-ordination to ensure coherence .
there also has to be a clear purpose and a degree of co-ordination to [make sure] coherence .

The purpose of the new rules is to ensure that there is no recourse to social security benefits or access to housing .
the purpose of the new rules is to [make sure] that there is no recourse to social security benefits or access to housing .

You have to be adjudged ‘ dentally fit ’ to join and its aim is to ensure continuing care .
you have to be adjudged ‘ dentally fit ’ to join and its aim is to [make sure] continuing care .

Yet if you want to ensure a trouble-free retirement , it 's never too early to start financial planning .
yet if you want to [make sure] a trouble-free retirement , it 's never too early to start financial planning .

This two-part tariff offers electricity at less than half price during seven night-time hours ( typically midnight to 7 am ) and can slash your water-heating bills , provided that you have a timer ( or , better , an economy 7 controller ) to ensure your water is heated during this period .
this two-part tariff offers electricity at less than half price during seven night-time hours ( typically midnight to 7 am ) and can slash your water-heating bills , provided that you have a timer ( or , better , an economy 7 controller ) to [make sure] your water is heated during this period .

The garden is a perfect place to entertain on summer evenings , but you should take basic steps to ensure safety .
the garden is a perfect place to entertain on summer evenings , but you should take basic steps to [make sure] safety .

This will ensure that plants are n't damaged by the early morning sun , and that heat will be conserved when the temperature drops .
this will [make sure] that plants are n't damaged by the early morning sun , and that heat will be conserved when the temperature drops .

Careful watch was kept on the overall dimensions of each piece to ensure a fit when the charts were finally assembled .
careful watch was kept on the overall dimensions of each piece to [make sure] a fit when the charts were finally assembled .

You can ensure a cartridge paper or pad is acid free ( pH7 ) by asking if it is wood-free .
you can [make sure] a cartridge paper or pad is acid free ( ph7 ) by asking if it is wood-free .

The War Artists Advisory Committee was set up , not only to stimulate and artistic record of war and related activities , but also to help ensure that at least some of the artists would be saved from First World War carnage .
the war artists advisory committee was set up , not only to stimulate and artistic record of war and related activities , but also to help [make sure] that at least some of the artists would be saved from first world war carnage .

Libraries — will need to extend their information services , both externally and within the authority , to ensure proper access to Community legislation , funding opportunities , standards and databases .
libraries — will need to extend their information services , both externally and within the authority , to [make sure] proper access to community legislation , funding opportunities , standards and databases .

On the environmental side it will be vital to ensure that the standards , rules and codes of practice drawn up at Community level are appropriate to all our circumstances and are capable of being enforced economically and efficiently .
on the environmental side it will be vital to [make sure] that the standards , rules and codes of practice drawn up at community level are appropriate to all our circumstances and are capable of being enforced economically and efficiently .

Day-to-day cooperation between police forces must move to a new level of efficiency to allow European citizens to move freely but to ensure that drugs and arms can not .
day-to-day cooperation between police forces must move to a new level of efficiency to allow european citizens to move freely but to [make sure] that drugs and arms can not .

It will be vital to ensure that the right types of sites are available for the firms likely to be attracted , and to have the necessary back-up infrastructure in place .
it will be vital to [make sure] that the right types of sites are available for the firms likely to be attracted , and to have the necessary back-up infrastructure in place .

Authorities will wish to attract them to their area , and ensure that the necessary infrastructure and services are there to receive them .
authorities will wish to attract them to their area , and [make sure] that the necessary infrastructure and services are there to receive them .

the new computerised call and recall system will ensure that all women in this age group are offered a test at least one every five years .
the new computerised call and recall system will [make sure] that all women in this age group are offered a test at least one every five years .

Your local health authority will have a legal duty to ensure a comprehensive range of health services to meet the needs of the local population .
your local health authority will have a legal duty to [make sure] a comprehensive range of health services to meet the needs of the local population .

It also ignores the way in which Western states , particularly the United States , have years ignored the real causes of security and stability problems in the Middle East — the Arab-Israeli dispute , together with the Palestinian issue , and the illegitimacy of the vast majority of Arab regimes which is the real cause of the repression they practice to ensure their survival .
it also ignores the way in which western states , particularly the united states , have years ignored the real causes of security and stability problems in the middle east — the arab-israeli dispute , together with the palestinian issue , and the illegitimacy of the vast majority of arab regimes which is the real cause of the repression they practice to [make sure] their survival .

The West , therefore , must do all it can to ensure that Turkey 's interests are diverted northwards and that a unitary Iraq state survives the war .
the west , therefore , must do all it can to [make sure] that turkey 's interests are diverted northwards and that a unitary iraq state survives the war .

It is notable that no Western politician has yet proposed that Israeli nuclear weapons should be included in the regional disarmament negotiations that will neuter the military power of states such as Syria and Iran and ensure that Iraq can not become a new military phoenix .
it is notable that no western politician has yet proposed that israeli nuclear weapons should be included in the regional disarmament negotiations that will neuter the military power of states such as syria and iran and [make sure] that iraq can not become a new military phoenix .

Meanwhile , an almost entirely supine parliamentary opposition has confirmed that the political culture which is supposed to ensure our much-vaunted freedom of opinion has stagnated to the point of inertia .
meanwhile , an almost entirely supine parliamentary opposition has confirmed that the political culture which is supposed to [make sure] our much-vaunted freedom of opinion has stagnated to the point of inertia .

Even more than in the earlier conflict , direct vetting of journalists ' copy and reliance on allied debriefings ensure that military priorities squeeze out alternative perspectives and agendas .
even more than in the earlier conflict , direct vetting of journalists ' copy and reliance on allied debriefings [make sure] that military priorities squeeze out alternative perspectives and agendas .

The Labour Council — with our support — must ensure that , at least , those who are giving more from smaller incomes will benefit accordingly .
the labour council — with our support — must [make sure] that , at least , those who are giving more from smaller incomes will benefit accordingly .

As Domestic Rates will cease to exist in April 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should ensure that their rent is reduced by the landlord to reflect this change .
as domestic rates will cease to exist in april 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should [make sure] that their rent is reduced by the landlord to reflect this change .

Indeed , in many organisations , the tasks of project appraisal have been taken over by corporate planners , whose primary concern is to ensure that projects , however viable , possess ‘ strategic fit ’ , ie they conform with the long-term aims of the organisation .
indeed , in many organisations , the tasks of project appraisal have been taken over by corporate planners , whose primary concern is to [make sure] that projects , however viable , possess ‘ strategic fit ’ , ie they conform with the long-term aims of the organisation .

Project sponsors are instructed to indicate what information would be required to conduct a thorough post-audit , whether the existing information systems provide this data , and if not , what steps should be taken to ensure that the required information is collected and available when required .
project sponsors are instructed to indicate what information would be required to conduct a thorough post-audit , whether the existing information systems provide this data , and if not , what steps should be taken to [make sure] that the required information is collected and available when required .

It can again be seen that the credit manager can play a significant part in advising on the construction and overhaul of information systems to ensure that the essential feedback on project performance is forthcoming .
it can again be seen that the credit manager can play a significant part in advising on the construction and overhaul of information systems to [make sure] that the essential feedback on project performance is forthcoming .

‘ We want to give each company the opportunity to develop strategies for new product development to ensure that we remain ahead of the competition in each area of business .
‘ we want to give each company the opportunity to develop strategies for new product development to [make sure] that we remain ahead of the competition in each area of business .

To ensure that subscribers can make the most cost-effective use of its information resource , Infolink has developed a flexible enquiry service to allow subscribers to select only the information which is relevant to their particular needs .
to [make sure] that subscribers can make the most cost-effective use of its information resource , infolink has developed a flexible enquiry service to allow subscribers to select only the information which is relevant to their particular needs .

‘ For example , the lender can arrange loan repayments over a longer period , to help his customer through a difficult financial time and ensure that the loan is not written off ’ , reported Mr McKiernan .
‘ for example , the lender can arrange loan repayments over a longer period , to help his customer through a difficult financial time and [make sure] that the loan is not written off ’ , reported mr mckiernan .

We will work closely with Infolink Decision Services to ensure that we provide solutions to all our customers ’ risk assessment needs in the future .
we will work closely with infolink decision services to [make sure] that we provide solutions to all our customers ’ risk assessment needs in the future .

The Trust 's management is aware of the dangers , and seeks constantly to ensure that growth is matched by clear , flexible procedures which promote vitality and experimentation , by a healthy eagerness on the part of the managers to manage , and above all , by the delegation of responsibility right through the organisation .
the trust 's management is aware of the dangers , and seeks constantly to [make sure] that growth is matched by clear , flexible procedures which promote vitality and experimentation , by a healthy eagerness on the part of the managers to manage , and above all , by the delegation of responsibility right through the organisation .

The object of the exercise is to ensure the wise and efficient use of natural resources throughout the Trust .
the object of the exercise is to [make sure] the wise and efficient use of natural resources throughout the trust .

Please ensure bins are at the kerbside by 7.00 a.m .
please [make sure] bins are at the kerbside by 7.00 a.m .

Ensure broken glass and other sharp items are thoroughly wrapped or left in a marked open box .
[make sure] broken glass and other sharp items are thoroughly wrapped or left in a marked open box .

Baby elephants are sent long distances to be put under Daphne 's care , and her love and knowledge ensure their survival and eventual rehabilitation .
baby elephants are sent long distances to be put under daphne 's care , and her love and knowledge [make sure] their survival and eventual rehabilitation .

By taking part , individuals also put direct pressure on the Government to ensure that some real action is taken at the Earth Summit — politicians will only act when enough people demand that they do something .
by taking part , individuals also put direct pressure on the government to [make sure] that some real action is taken at the earth summit — politicians will only act when enough people demand that they do something .

The only way to improve the health of the children is to ensure they get non-radiated food , clean water and air .
the only way to improve the health of the children is to [make sure] they get non-radiated food , clean water and air .

Ensure that your child does n't rely on his emergency bronchodilator , or forget about his condition after he 's had an attack .
[make sure] that your child does n't rely on his emergency bronchodilator , or forget about his condition after he 's had an attack .

So he spent his days in a sedan chair draped with blankets and lined with hares ' fur to ensure that no air could percolate .
so he spent his days in a sedan chair draped with blankets and lined with hares ' fur to [make sure] that no air could percolate .

You still have a number of financial commitments , and this appears to be an ideal time to ensure that you are adequately reimbursed for your time and talents .
you still have a number of financial commitments , and this appears to be an ideal time to [make sure] that you are adequately reimbursed for your time and talents .

Thanks were also extended to all the club members who gave of their time and hard graft to ensure that fun was had by all .
thanks were also extended to all the club members who gave of their time and hard graft to [make sure] that fun was had by all .

It is up to us to ensure they get the right information about our hobby .
it is up to us to [make sure] they get the right information about our hobby .

Ensure you get over it smoothly .
[make sure] you get over it smoothly .

In his speech he said the facilities will ‘ add further value to the courses which Outward Bound offers and will ensure an even more enjoyable and worthwhile experience for all participants .
in his speech he said the facilities will ‘ add further value to the courses which outward bound offers and will [make sure] an even more enjoyable and worthwhile experience for all participants .

Every course will involve an element of theoretical knowledge to ensure that your next trip away from the controlled environment is safe .
every course will involve an element of theoretical knowledge to [make sure] that your next trip away from the controlled environment is safe .

Features : women 's design trouser with semi-elasticated waist and adjustable buckle system to ensure comfortable fit . Fabric : 100% polyester cotton twill
features : women 's design trouser with semi-elasticated waist and adjustable buckle system to [make sure] comfortable fit . fabric : 100% polyester cotton twill

We have a very detailed management plan on the reserve with our main aim being to maintain the habitat as it is and to ensure that any disturbance to the bird community is minimal .
we have a very detailed management plan on the reserve with our main aim being to maintain the habitat as it is and to [make sure] that any disturbance to the bird community is minimal .

In 786 , for the first time since the coming of Augustine , papal legates visited England to reaffirm papal authority and ensure conformity to the requirements of canonic law .
in 786 , for the first time since the coming of augustine , papal legates visited england to reaffirm papal authority and [make sure] conformity to the requirements of canonic law .

It simply is not the case that the availability of materials will ensure their use , let along their adaptation and development .
it simply is not the case that the availability of materials will [make sure] their use , let along their adaptation and development .

They were also asked to think about how they would ensure that their pupils understood the new forms and used them appropriately .
they were also asked to think about how they would [make sure] that their pupils understood the new forms and used them appropriately .

Even where elected representatives are aware of the vote-catching potential of courting the ethnic communities , they have given little thought to the educational implications of their policies , and even less effort to ensure that the policies are implemented .
even where elected representatives are aware of the vote-catching potential of courting the ethnic communities , they have given little thought to the educational implications of their policies , and even less effort to [make sure] that the policies are implemented .

To ensure confidentiality of information sources , companies have been given the following tags .
to [make sure] confidentiality of information sources , companies have been given the following tags .

An influential research study from the Bournville Village Trust in Birmingham , When we build again ( 1941 ) , proclaimed the message that it was vital to ensure that the redevelopment of cities should not perpetuate the faults of the old cities .
an influential research study from the bournville village trust in birmingham , when we build again ( 1941 ) , proclaimed the message that it was vital to [make sure] that the redevelopment of cities should not perpetuate the faults of the old cities .

’ He did n't add that he was responsible for much of the terrorist acts , and that he would ensure they continued .
’ he did n't add that he was responsible for much of the terrorist acts , and that he would [make sure] they continued .

The training will ensure their readiness .
the training will [make sure] their readiness .

‘ And you 'll ensure he comes to no harm .
‘ and you 'll [make sure] he comes to no harm .

‘ The terrible things you refer to were intended to ensure you could continue to live here — in the style you obviously do . ’
‘ the terrible things you refer to were intended to [make sure] you could continue to live here — in the style you obviously do . ’

She did find an Italian restaurant a couple of blocks away to dine in , however , and there made a point of drinking enough chianti to ensure a good night 's sleep , which her plans for the following day suggested she would need .
she did find an italian restaurant a couple of blocks away to dine in , however , and there made a point of drinking enough chianti to [make sure] a good night 's sleep , which her plans for the following day suggested she would need .

She gripped his hand as tightly as she could , feeling a terrific wrench on her shoulders as he tried to haul her in , steadying himself against the door to ensure that he did n't end up suffering the same fate as his companion .
she gripped his hand as tightly as she could , feeling a terrific wrench on her shoulders as he tried to haul her in , steadying himself against the door to [make sure] that he did n't end up suffering the same fate as his companion .

Automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .
automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to [make sure] that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .

The fundamental approach must be to visualise the risks of a fire from every aspect in the total project , to ensure that if a fire occurs , it can be kept small and cool .
the fundamental approach must be to visualise the risks of a fire from every aspect in the total project , to [make sure] that if a fire occurs , it can be kept small and cool .

Wherever communication or interconnection of the warehouse with the adjacent accommodation is necessary functionally it is extremely important to ensure that the separation and containment of the risk can be achieved rapidly in the event of a fire .
wherever communication or interconnection of the warehouse with the adjacent accommodation is necessary functionally it is extremely important to [make sure] that the separation and containment of the risk can be achieved rapidly in the event of a fire .

Again , consideration must be given at roof levels , where changes in height occur to ensure that a fire spreading vertically will not spread across or onto adjacent roofs , and continue the fire elsewhere .
again , consideration must be given at roof levels , where changes in height occur to [make sure] that a fire spreading vertically will not spread across or onto adjacent roofs , and continue the fire elsewhere .

, is imperative , and slave mimic display panels should be considered at other and remote positions from the prime risk areas to ensure cover for the control of the emergency operations .
, is imperative , and slave mimic display panels should be considered at other and remote positions from the prime risk areas to [make sure] cover for the control of the emergency operations .

Dry powders of the general purpose type suitable for solids and liquid combustibles could well be effective if the area of the fire could be accurately pin-pointed and an adequate discharge given to ensure extinction .
dry powders of the general purpose type suitable for solids and liquid combustibles could well be effective if the area of the fire could be accurately pin-pointed and an adequate discharge given to [make sure] extinction .

Thus fire may well spread throughout the height of the rack before sufficient sprinklers have been brought in to ensure the general control of the fire zone .
thus fire may well spread throughout the height of the rack before sufficient sprinklers have been brought in to [make sure] the general control of the fire zone .

To gain these advantages , a fresh look will need to be taken at all our storage risks to ensure that the system does give the required performance .
to gain these advantages , a fresh look will need to be taken at all our storage risks to [make sure] that the system does give the required performance .

This carefully structured approach should ensure that both Company and Architect have a mutually clear understanding of what is required which should obviate late changes to plans — so expensive to all concerned .
this carefully structured approach should [make sure] that both company and architect have a mutually clear understanding of what is required which should obviate late changes to plans — so expensive to all concerned .

Adequate consultation between all such parties which ensure a clear understanding of the system of operation proposed and the likely risks does much to simplify the design of sprinkler systems and the need for other means of protection and alarm .
adequate consultation between all such parties which [make sure] a clear understanding of the system of operation proposed and the likely risks does much to simplify the design of sprinkler systems and the need for other means of protection and alarm .

Whilst automatically operated high-bay warehouses tend to be designed to exclude personnel when in operation , special precautions have to be taken to ensure that unauthorized personnel do not gain access , notably with man-rider operated equipment .
whilst automatically operated high-bay warehouses tend to be designed to exclude personnel when in operation , special precautions have to be taken to [make sure] that unauthorized personnel do not gain access , notably with man-rider operated equipment .

This must be done very frequently and care must be taken to ensure that the collected rubbish is itself kept in a safe and well contained place .
this must be done very frequently and care must be taken to [make sure] that the collected rubbish is itself kept in a safe and well contained place .

The self regulatory requirements on management under the Health and Safety at Work Act should ensure that discipline is enforced and that all affected personnel are given an opportunity to maintain and improve their working environment .
the self regulatory requirements on management under the health and safety at work act should [make sure] that discipline is enforced and that all affected personnel are given an opportunity to maintain and improve their working environment .

Admittedly , providing these essential conditions for the students ' growth will not by itself ensure that the sought-for maturation takes place .
admittedly , providing these essential conditions for the students ' growth will not by itself [make sure] that the sought-for maturation takes place .

It is also fairly essential to ensure that your desktop publishing package has a route through to high quality output devices such as typesetting systems .
it is also fairly essential to [make sure] that your desktop publishing package has a route through to high quality output devices such as typesetting systems .

Ensure that the package has adequate control of typography for the work you wish to do .
[make sure] that the package has adequate control of typography for the work you wish to do .

These programs ensure that you do n't get font clashes and also often provide other management routines such as font compression .
these programs [make sure] that you do n't get font clashes and also often provide other management routines such as font compression .

The style of preferred spelling , punctuation , hyphenation and indentation used in a publishing house or by a particular publication to ensure consistent typesetting .
the style of preferred spelling , punctuation , hyphenation and indentation used in a publishing house or by a particular publication to [make sure] consistent typesetting .

This can be soft previewed at any time to ensure that the output matches with the designers intention .
this can be soft previewed at any time to [make sure] that the output matches with the designers intention .

Display material , advertisements and so on need the extra quality and , if these are the products which you will be producing it is important to ensure that you can move between the systems without having to change the data .
display material , advertisements and so on need the extra quality and , if these are the products which you will be producing it is important to [make sure] that you can move between the systems without having to change the data .

This will keep the production flow much simpler and also ensure that all the documents are consistently produced .
this will keep the production flow much simpler and also [make sure] that all the documents are consistently produced .

The only problem is managing it as , if electronic publishing is the first involvement that your company has had with publishing , it is unlikely that the existing management will have experience of copyflow , editing , and other essential management checkpoints that help ensure the quality of the documents you produce .
the only problem is managing it as , if electronic publishing is the first involvement that your company has had with publishing , it is unlikely that the existing management will have experience of copyflow , editing , and other essential management checkpoints that help [make sure] the quality of the documents you produce .

When you come to evaluate the software always ensure that you test its capabilities by having it produce real examples of the work that you will be doing .
when you come to evaluate the software always [make sure] that you test its capabilities by having it produce real examples of the work that you will be doing .

It is important , however , to ensure that you have left as many doors open as possible in terms of future requirements .
it is important , however , to [make sure] that you have left as many doors open as possible in terms of future requirements .

We 're here to ensure that punishment is carried out .
we 're here to [make sure] that punishment is carried out .

This view was given a political edge by the present Conservative government 's Industrial Relations Code of Practice , which states that it should be the responsibility of a union to ensure that :
this view was given a political edge by the present conservative government 's industrial relations code of practice , which states that it should be the responsibility of a union to [make sure] that :

Controlling This is the task of measuring and correcting the activities of individuals and groups , to ensure that their performance is in accordance with plans .
controlling this is the task of measuring and correcting the activities of individuals and groups , to [make sure] that their performance is in accordance with plans .

are more concerned to maintain good human relationships at work than to ensure that tasks are carried out efficiently
are more concerned to maintain good human relationships at work than to [make sure] that tasks are carried out efficiently

The ‘ environment ’ can be improved for leaders within an organisation if top management act to ensure that :
the ‘ environment ’ can be improved for leaders within an organisation if top management act to [make sure] that :

ensure that a system of control is established .
[make sure] that a system of control is established .

Authority to carry them out is given to the officials in charge , and rules and regulations are established in order to ensure their achievement .
authority to carry them out is given to the officials in charge , and rules and regulations are established in order to [make sure] their achievement .

unity of objective : the formal organisation should ensure that individuals in the organisation find it easy to work towards the common organisation goal . ‘ If the objective is to make profit over a period of time , then the organisation pattern that helps to accomplish this conforms to the principle of unity of objective , ; , and
unity of objective : the formal organisation should [make sure] that individuals in the organisation find it easy to work towards the common organisation goal . ‘ if the objective is to make profit over a period of time , then the organisation pattern that helps to accomplish this conforms to the principle of unity of objective , ; , and

The first is built on formal procedures and standardisation to ensure a proper response to every set of circumstances while the second , a more recent form in large organisations involves temporary structures set up to solve specific detachment of individuals from the aims of the organisation as a whole and their consequent apathy .
the first is built on formal procedures and standardisation to [make sure] a proper response to every set of circumstances while the second , a more recent form in large organisations involves temporary structures set up to solve specific detachment of individuals from the aims of the organisation as a whole and their consequent apathy .

Information was designed to flow up and down the organisation to ensure that all decentralised objectives were compatible with , and a part of , the total corporate objective .
information was designed to flow up and down the organisation to [make sure] that all decentralised objectives were compatible with , and a part of , the total corporate objective .

To ensure effective control , the number of subordinates and tasks over which a manager has supervisory responsibilities should therefore be restricted to what is physically and mentally possible .
to [make sure] effective control , the number of subordinates and tasks over which a manager has supervisory responsibilities should therefore be restricted to what is physically and mentally possible .

As a result , it was found that closer supervision was required by management to ensure that the work was done properly and that every individual did his fair share .
as a result , it was found that closer supervision was required by management to [make sure] that the work was done properly and that every individual did his fair share .

Nonetheless , great care is taken in organisations to ensure that the membership is identified and kept under review .
nonetheless , great care is taken in organisations to [make sure] that the membership is identified and kept under review .

shall we strive to ensure unity of command ?
shall we strive to [make sure] unity of command ?

The complexity of an organisation 's activities in turn increases with differentiation , interdependence , uncertainty and as the uncertainty in an organisation increases , the greater is the amount of information that needs to be processed by decision- makers to ensure coordination .
the complexity of an organisation 's activities in turn increases with differentiation , interdependence , uncertainty and as the uncertainty in an organisation increases , the greater is the amount of information that needs to be processed by decision- makers to [make sure] coordination .

Each stetch was limited on its two sides by water-cuts or deep furrows that made easy the escape of surface water from the soil ; and in fact the main purpose of ploughing in stetches was — and still is , where stetches continue to be used — to ensure effective draining of the land .
each stetch was limited on its two sides by water-cuts or deep furrows that made easy the escape of surface water from the soil ; and in fact the main purpose of ploughing in stetches was — and still is , where stetches continue to be used — to [make sure] effective draining of the land .

The responsibility for drawing the first furrow on a narrow stetch was one the head horseman could not afford to delegate , unless it was to a man equally skilled as himself ; for a stetch that did not come out , at every point , exactly to the inch would render ineffective the use of implements that had been designed specially for it ; again , a botched stetch was visible to all — to the casual passer-by and to the practised eye of his neighbour ; and the ‘ loss of face ’ a head horseman suffered through allowing the standard of his own work to be below that of the next farm 's was enough to make him ensure that every field was laid out and ploughed with as much care as patience and long-practised skill made possible .
the responsibility for drawing the first furrow on a narrow stetch was one the head horseman could not afford to delegate , unless it was to a man equally skilled as himself ; for a stetch that did not come out , at every point , exactly to the inch would render ineffective the use of implements that had been designed specially for it ; again , a botched stetch was visible to all — to the casual passer-by and to the practised eye of his neighbour ; and the ‘ loss of face ’ a head horseman suffered through allowing the standard of his own work to be below that of the next farm 's was enough to make him [make sure] that every field was laid out and ploughed with as much care as patience and long-practised skill made possible .

No trouble was spared to ensure that the carefully prepared seed-bed was ready to take the crop .
no trouble was spared to [make sure] that the carefully prepared seed-bed was ready to take the crop .

In order to ensure continuity of supplies and dispatch of finished goods afterwards , to monitor efficiencies , to provide funds , insurance , and financial services , a host of smaller businesses spring up which provide expertise and man-hours to maintain the giant .
in order to [make sure] continuity of supplies and dispatch of finished goods afterwards , to monitor efficiencies , to provide funds , insurance , and financial services , a host of smaller businesses spring up which provide expertise and man-hours to maintain the giant .

That is not to say that reasonable protection from development should not be given to particular areas , for it is important to retain the character of the land and to ensure that all tastes are catered for : For instance , some people like to climb dangerous rocks in pouring rain .
that is not to say that reasonable protection from development should not be given to particular areas , for it is important to retain the character of the land and to [make sure] that all tastes are catered for : for instance , some people like to climb dangerous rocks in pouring rain .

His becoming a British subject put his Spanish goods at risk , and Oliver Cromwell himself took extraordinary precautions to ensure that they could be spirited out of the country and sent to England .
his becoming a british subject put his spanish goods at risk , and oliver cromwell himself took extraordinary precautions to [make sure] that they could be spirited out of the country and sent to england .

Commissioned in the Royal Artillery in 1803 , he became equerry to the Duke of Kent when Edward married Princess Victoire of Leiningen in 1818 to ensure the succession , Princess ( later Queen ) Victoria being born in 1819 .
commissioned in the royal artillery in 1803 , he became equerry to the duke of kent when edward married princess victoire of leiningen in 1818 to [make sure] the succession , princess ( later queen ) victoria being born in 1819 .

He had to ensure the observation of military restrictions on the Germans , and advise on such matters as the stability and honesty of the new German rulers .
he had to [make sure] the observation of military restrictions on the germans , and advise on such matters as the stability and honesty of the new german rulers .

But he accepted the Restoration , though striving in the Convention to ensure a moderate religious settlement .
but he accepted the restoration , though striving in the convention to [make sure] a moderate religious settlement .

The role of adult education , in this respect , is therefore twofold : to provide leisure or recreational courses to enable unemployed people to fill in their increased ‘ leisure hours ’ with personally satisfying ( but cheap ) activities ; and to ensure that in a variety of ways unemployed people are ‘ reintegrated ’ into society , brought within the norms of the dominant culture , and protected from deviant modes of thought and behaviour .
the role of adult education , in this respect , is therefore twofold : to provide leisure or recreational courses to enable unemployed people to fill in their increased ‘ leisure hours ’ with personally satisfying ( but cheap ) activities ; and to [make sure] that in a variety of ways unemployed people are ‘ reintegrated ’ into society , brought within the norms of the dominant culture , and protected from deviant modes of thought and behaviour .

Instead steps have been taken to ensure that the classes and their rights can be ascertained from the company 's public documents .
instead steps have been taken to [make sure] that the classes and their rights can be ascertained from the company 's public documents .

The wording of the section suggests that this power could not be used to restrict the right to inspect or obtain copies , for example by requiring good cause to be shown thus preventing share registers being used as ‘ sucker-lists , ’ but is intended to ensure that the matter is reproduced in a way which is as ‘ user-friendly ’ as possible without imposing undue burdens on the company .
the wording of the section suggests that this power could not be used to restrict the right to inspect or obtain copies , for example by requiring good cause to be shown thus preventing share registers being used as ‘ sucker-lists , ’ but is intended to [make sure] that the matter is reproduced in a way which is as ‘ user-friendly ’ as possible without imposing undue burdens on the company .

The justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an additional incentive to ensure that his charge is registered .
the justification for this is probably that it provides the chargee with an additional incentive to [make sure] that his charge is registered .

by compulsory disclosure of the financial position in the company 's published accounts and by attempting to ensure their accuracy through a professional audit .
by compulsory disclosure of the financial position in the company 's published accounts and by attempting to [make sure] their accuracy through a professional audit .

Here it suffices to say that the aim is to ensure that a company is required to do so when it is thought that the matter is one that the public needs to know .
here it suffices to say that the aim is to [make sure] that a company is required to do so when it is thought that the matter is one that the public needs to know .

If any such records are kept outside Great Britain , there must be sent to Great Britain ( and be available for inspection there by the officers ) records which will disclose with reasonable accuracy the position of the business in question at intervals of not more than six months and will enable the directors to ensure that the company 's balance sheet and profit and loss account comply with the Act .
if any such records are kept outside great britain , there must be sent to great britain ( and be available for inspection there by the officers ) records which will disclose with reasonable accuracy the position of the business in question at intervals of not more than six months and will enable the directors to [make sure] that the company 's balance sheet and profit and loss account comply with the act .

Moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the Seventh Directive and made available to the British public .
moreover strict conditions are laid down to [make sure] that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the seventh directive and made available to the british public .

Section 240 seeks to ensure that recipients of the latter will not confuse them with statutory accounts .
section 240 seeks to [make sure] that recipients of the latter will not confuse them with statutory accounts .

If they fear that in calling for quiet , and seeking to ensure it where the subject declines to desist , they might themselves be the objects of violence , the offence is made out .
if they fear that in calling for quiet , and seeking to [make sure] it where the subject declines to desist , they might themselves be the objects of violence , the offence is made out .

Under our system , it falls to the police to ensure that such events are organised in such a way that disorder does not ensue , and that so far as is possible , the event can take place with as little dislocation to the ordinary life of the community as is compatible with the proper exercise of freedom of speech in public .
under our system , it falls to the police to [make sure] that such events are organised in such a way that disorder does not ensue , and that so far as is possible , the event can take place with as little dislocation to the ordinary life of the community as is compatible with the proper exercise of freedom of speech in public .

Both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose conditions only if he ‘ reasonably believes ’ that the stipulated events will occur , and the Government White Paper expressed the view that the new law would ‘ ensure that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose conditions which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder , disruption or coercion .
both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose conditions only if he ‘ reasonably believes ’ that the stipulated events will occur , and the government white paper expressed the view that the new law would ‘ [make sure] that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose conditions which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder , disruption or coercion .

It might be said that if the police are aware that the procession is likely to take place because it has occurred in the past , the ‘ triggering ’ justification for requiring advance notice is satisfied , and the chief of police could require compliance by indicating to those who have organised such marches on previous occasions that he is prepared to use his powers under section 12 to ensure co-operation if necessary .
it might be said that if the police are aware that the procession is likely to take place because it has occurred in the past , the ‘ triggering ’ justification for requiring advance notice is satisfied , and the chief of police could require compliance by indicating to those who have organised such marches on previous occasions that he is prepared to use his powers under section 12 to [make sure] co-operation if necessary .

Because of the uncertainties , and to forestall the predicted developments , it was decided at the Committee stage of the Bill to redraft it to ensure that these were explicitly within the new law .
because of the uncertainties , and to forestall the predicted developments , it was decided at the committee stage of the bill to redraft it to [make sure] that these were explicitly within the new law .

This was to ensure that the sequences could not be rejected as sentences merely by reading the first words .
this was to [make sure] that the sequences could not be rejected as sentences merely by reading the first words .

In the latter case the passage was read at slightly slower than normal reading rate with care being taken to ensure that inflections or intonation did not carry across sentence boundaries .
in the latter case the passage was read at slightly slower than normal reading rate with care being taken to [make sure] that inflections or intonation did not carry across sentence boundaries .

But it follows that if a pool is placed in full sun , strong plant growth will result , which will in turn ensure that there is always plenty of surface shade available for the fish .
but it follows that if a pool is placed in full sun , strong plant growth will result , which will in turn [make sure] that there is always plenty of surface shade available for the fish .

To ensure the liner does not slip , weight it down with stones .
to [make sure] the liner does not slip , weight it down with stones .

Indeed , the excavation should be at least 15 cm ( 6 in ) larger than the finished pool to allow for a generous layer of concrete , and the soil should be rammed down tightly to prevent any subsidence and ensure a firm base ( Fig .
indeed , the excavation should be at least 15 cm ( 6 in ) larger than the finished pool to allow for a generous layer of concrete , and the soil should be rammed down tightly to prevent any subsidence and [make sure] a firm base ( fig .

3 ( b ) Having rammed the soil down firmly to ensure a firm base , a layer of heavy-gauge builder 's polythene is used to line the excavation as a safety precaution against leaking and also to help retain moisture within the setting concrete so that it dries as slowly as possible .
3 ( b ) having rammed the soil down firmly to [make sure] a firm base , a layer of heavy-gauge builder 's polythene is used to line the excavation as a safety precaution against leaking and also to help retain moisture within the setting concrete so that it dries as slowly as possible .

However , from the gardener 's point of view they serve another purpose too , for all thrive on the same mineral salts as green water discolouring algae and , being more advanced forms of plant life , they are able to starve the algae out and ensure crystal clear water if planted in sufficient numbers at the outset .
however , from the gardener 's point of view they serve another purpose too , for all thrive on the same mineral salts as green water discolouring algae and , being more advanced forms of plant life , they are able to starve the algae out and [make sure] crystal clear water if planted in sufficient numbers at the outset .

To ensure clarity from the outset , it is essential that earlier advice applies .
to [make sure] clarity from the outset , it is essential that earlier advice applies .

What they were requesting was the co-operation of the Chilean Navy Yard in installing steel bits strong enough to ensure that the hawser did not again tear itself free .
what they were requesting was the co-operation of the chilean navy yard in installing steel bits strong enough to [make sure] that the hawser did not again tear itself free .

Therefore , in campaigns a party attempts less to attract these voters than to ensure that they are not repelled by what the party advocates .
therefore , in campaigns a party attempts less to attract these voters than to [make sure] that they are not repelled by what the party advocates .

Most of them will be MPs with seats in the House of Commons , where there is a premium on party loyalty and discipline to ensure that the measures proposed by the Cabinet can be passed into law with the minimum of amendment .
most of them will be mps with seats in the house of commons , where there is a premium on party loyalty and discipline to [make sure] that the measures proposed by the cabinet can be passed into law with the minimum of amendment .

In recent years an increasing number of states have been attempting to remove the appointment of the judges from the partisan political process and to ensure minimum standards of efficiency and ability on the part of judges .
in recent years an increasing number of states have been attempting to remove the appointment of the judges from the partisan political process and to [make sure] minimum standards of efficiency and ability on the part of judges .

Certainly , Supreme Court judges are likely to have had a much wider variety of governmental and legal experience than their counterparts in Britain where the rather narrow process of socialization into the law and recruitment process seems to ensure less variation .
certainly , supreme court judges are likely to have had a much wider variety of governmental and legal experience than their counterparts in britain where the rather narrow process of socialization into the law and recruitment process seems to [make sure] less variation .

The law attempts to ensure that the original capital invested is maintained within the limited company , particularly so that the rights of unsecured creditors are protected : the original capital , if maintained , is assumed to provide their security .
the law attempts to [make sure] that the original capital invested is maintained within the limited company , particularly so that the rights of unsecured creditors are protected : the original capital , if maintained , is assumed to provide their security .

The scope of our work was designed to ensure that the information on deliveries was obtained in accordance with the stated methodology and sampling programme set out on page … and that the results were correctly calculated and presented .
the scope of our work was designed to [make sure] that the information on deliveries was obtained in accordance with the stated methodology and sampling programme set out on page … and that the results were correctly calculated and presented .

to ensure adherence to management policies and directives in order to achieve the organization 's objectives ;
to [make sure] adherence to management policies and directives in order to achieve the organization 's objectives ;

to ensure compliance with statutory requirements .
to [make sure] compliance with statutory requirements .

In the Soviet view this created obligations to ensure and defend the neutrality of Laos .
in the soviet view this created obligations to [make sure] and defend the neutrality of laos .

She checked with all the contributing editors to ensure that the copy still needed for the forthcoming issue of Athene was in hand .
she checked with all the contributing editors to [make sure] that the copy still needed for the forthcoming issue of athene was in hand .

In a case like this the best plan , to ensure a solid and uniform body of tone , is to give to each orchestral group — strings , woodwind , and brass the complete harmony .
in a case like this the best plan , to [make sure] a solid and uniform body of tone , is to give to each orchestral group — strings , woodwind , and brass the complete harmony .

Their part is marked staccato to ensure the clear articulation of every note .
their part is marked staccato to [make sure] the clear articulation of every note .

It used to be argued that turbulence was necessary to ensure the oxygenation of the water and the continuation of the food supply , but it is now thought that the main role of turbulence is in getting rid of excess carbon dioxide .
it used to be argued that turbulence was necessary to [make sure] the oxygenation of the water and the continuation of the food supply , but it is now thought that the main role of turbulence is in getting rid of excess carbon dioxide .

The errors inherent in the rapid methods of surveying used to ensure that large areas are covered .
the errors inherent in the rapid methods of surveying used to [make sure] that large areas are covered .

To ensure co-ordination a project team may well be set up which draws upon the various departments .
to [make sure] co-ordination a project team may well be set up which draws upon the various departments .

At the same time they also need to ensure continuity .
at the same time they also need to [make sure] continuity .

One of the advantages of the bureaucratic structure is that it can ensure continuity through the use of standard work practices and also provide some measure of stability .
one of the advantages of the bureaucratic structure is that it can [make sure] continuity through the use of standard work practices and also provide some measure of stability .

For example , the National Health Service uses quality circles to ensure quality in its service .
for example , the national health service uses quality circles to [make sure] quality in its service .

Each year there will be competition between the departments of Education , Health , Social Security , Defence and so on , to ensure a slice of the public expenditure cake .
each year there will be competition between the departments of education , health , social security , defence and so on , to [make sure] a slice of the public expenditure cake .

the team leader at work who is concerned to ensure that members of the group are all pulling in the same direction towards greater productivity or an improved service .
the team leader at work who is concerned to [make sure] that members of the group are all pulling in the same direction towards greater productivity or an improved service .

Likewise , we may not wish a budget-holder to take risks with taxpayer 's money and to ensure equity the official may need to follow formal rules rather than respond flexibly to each new case .
likewise , we may not wish a budget-holder to take risks with taxpayer 's money and to [make sure] equity the official may need to follow formal rules rather than respond flexibly to each new case .

The organisation must ensure that employees believe that they are being treated fairly in comparison with others .
the organisation must [make sure] that employees believe that they are being treated fairly in comparison with others .

It appoints auditors for local authorities to ensure probity and promotes improvements in economy , efficiency and effectiveness .
it appoints auditors for local authorities to [make sure] probity and promotes improvements in economy , efficiency and effectiveness .

It is important to establish exactly what degree of dissonance we want in our music , and how frequently it should occur — in other words to ensure that the harmonic style and atmosphere are consistent .
it is important to establish exactly what degree of dissonance we want in our music , and how frequently it should occur — in other words to [make sure] that the harmonic style and atmosphere are consistent .

Even the choice of words must be made with our musical intention in mind , to ensure that they are apt .
even the choice of words must be made with our musical intention in mind , to [make sure] that they are apt .

Particular fields may be located entirely or predominantly within each department , and a departmental ‘ home ’ is identified for each field to ensure accountability for the adequacy of resourcing and planning arrangements .
particular fields may be located entirely or predominantly within each department , and a departmental ‘ home ’ is identified for each field to [make sure] accountability for the adequacy of resourcing and planning arrangements .

to ensure with the appropriate Head of Department that the teaching and assessment of field modules is consistent with the content of the course as validated ;
to [make sure] with the appropriate head of department that the teaching and assessment of field modules is consistent with the content of the course as validated ;

The post was designated as a rotational one to ensure periodic changes in theoretical outlook .
the post was designated as a rotational one to [make sure] periodic changes in theoretical outlook .

Management must be ever watchful to ensure that the balance is never unreasonable .
management must be ever watchful to [make sure] that the balance is never unreasonable .

Land availability , the activities of speculative builders , and rapid association of suburban living with status and respectability , combined with the growing railway network , contrived to ensure that during the second half of the nineteenth century the population of London 's outer suburban ring grew by approximately 50 per cent in each of the ten years between 1861 and 1891 and by 45 per cent between 1891 and 1901 .
land availability , the activities of speculative builders , and rapid association of suburban living with status and respectability , combined with the growing railway network , contrived to [make sure] that during the second half of the nineteenth century the population of london 's outer suburban ring grew by approximately 50 per cent in each of the ten years between 1861 and 1891 and by 45 per cent between 1891 and 1901 .

Moreover , restrictions were placed upon these to ensure that they would be developed and not simply held by speculators .
moreover , restrictions were placed upon these to [make sure] that they would be developed and not simply held by speculators .

‘ — to ensure that individuals do not suffer through ignorance of their rights and responsibilities or of the services available ; or through an inability to express their needs effectively ; , — to exercise a responsible influence on the development of social policies and services , both locally and nationally .
‘ — to [make sure] that individuals do not suffer through ignorance of their rights and responsibilities or of the services available ; or through an inability to express their needs effectively ; , — to exercise a responsible influence on the development of social policies and services , both locally and nationally .

The objective of the operation of the power to grant waivers was to produce harmonious relations between lawyers and to ensure that the roles of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ sectors of the profession continued broadly to complement one another .
the objective of the operation of the power to grant waivers was to produce harmonious relations between lawyers and to [make sure] that the roles of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ sectors of the profession continued broadly to complement one another .

the administration of the legal aid system should be reorganised to ensure that the systems were simple , that there were clear lines of responsibility and that one organisation had clear overall responsibility for the operation of legal aid and advice .
the administration of the legal aid system should be reorganised to [make sure] that the systems were simple , that there were clear lines of responsibility and that one organisation had clear overall responsibility for the operation of legal aid and advice .

Taxation is designed to ensure that the losing party only has to pay those expenses properly incurred and is not saddled with the cost of unnecessary or unduly expensive work .
taxation is designed to [make sure] that the losing party only has to pay those expenses properly incurred and is not saddled with the cost of unnecessary or unduly expensive work .

Further , there is a natural desire to ensure that the case is a High Court action , since the recoverable costs will be greater .
further , there is a natural desire to [make sure] that the case is a high court action , since the recoverable costs will be greater .

The judge in making an award of damages will know that a payment into court has been made , but will not know in what sum and so can not ensure that the damages awarded are high enough to beat the payment into court , if minded to make an award similar to that which the defendant has offered .
the judge in making an award of damages will know that a payment into court has been made , but will not know in what sum and so can not [make sure] that the damages awarded are high enough to beat the payment into court , if minded to make an award similar to that which the defendant has offered .

However , the Lord Chancellor wishes the Legal Aid Board to keep the arrangements governing eligibility and contributions for legal aid under review so as to fulfil the Board 's overall aim , which is to ensure that legal advice , assistance and representation is made available to those who need it .
however , the lord chancellor wishes the legal aid board to keep the arrangements governing eligibility and contributions for legal aid under review so as to fulfil the board 's overall aim , which is to [make sure] that legal advice , assistance and representation is made available to those who need it .

Consequently , the Civil Justice Review made a number of recommendations which will ensure greater openness in pre-trial proceedings .
consequently , the civil justice review made a number of recommendations which will [make sure] greater openness in pre-trial proceedings .

The function of the impartial mediator or conciliator may be described as to act as a catalyst to ensure that negotiation does take place and that the issues are confronted and as a facilitator to enable an agreement which both parties can perceive to be fair .
the function of the impartial mediator or conciliator may be described as to act as a catalyst to [make sure] that negotiation does take place and that the issues are confronted and as a facilitator to enable an agreement which both parties can perceive to be fair .

The object of the legal aid scheme is to ensure that the relationship between solicitor and assisted client is on exactly the same basis as that between solicitor and private client .
the object of the legal aid scheme is to [make sure] that the relationship between solicitor and assisted client is on exactly the same basis as that between solicitor and private client .

The two documents were published together and helped to ensure that attention was focussed upon any alleged defects in the scheme and its administration .
the two documents were published together and helped to [make sure] that attention was focussed upon any alleged defects in the scheme and its administration .

The recommendations were intended to ensure that the small claims court would be well used , especially by people without legal representation .
the recommendations were intended to [make sure] that the small claims court would be well used , especially by people without legal representation .

The small claims procedure is designed to ensure a relatively informal , inexpensive and speedy form of resolving civil disputes .
the small claims procedure is designed to [make sure] a relatively informal , inexpensive and speedy form of resolving civil disputes .

‘ Murtach and the others are going round some of the outlying tenants now , to ensure they came to no harm .
‘ murtach and the others are going round some of the outlying tenants now , to [make sure] they came to no harm .

India did not want the textbooks that it was exporting to Southeast Asia and Africa to be pirated , and it wanted to ensure a market for its own emerging computer and pharmaceutical industries .
india did not want the textbooks that it was exporting to southeast asia and africa to be pirated , and it wanted to [make sure] a market for its own emerging computer and pharmaceutical industries .

The problem is to ensure a measure of equality in the context of inequality .
the problem is to [make sure] a measure of equality in the context of inequality .

To ensure that service providers make practical support for carers a high priority .
to [make sure] that service providers make practical support for carers a high priority .

The simple enrichment of the social and physical environment by transfer from institutions to staffed houses does not in itself ensure greater involvement by the person served in meaningful activity .
the simple enrichment of the social and physical environment by transfer from institutions to staffed houses does not in itself [make sure] greater involvement by the person served in meaningful activity .

Indeed , ‘ it is the local authority 's responsibility to ensure that all needs are considered ’ ( DoH , 1991a , p. 9 ) .
indeed , ‘ it is the local authority 's responsibility to [make sure] that all needs are considered ’ ( doh , 1991a , p. 9 ) .

Where , after exploring the available alternatives , it is not possible to meet all the needs , the nature and extent of unmet needs should be recorded and information fed into the authority 's community care planning process … Where unmet need relates to the services of another agency ( for example health or housing ) it is expected that similar steps will be taken to ensure that the shortfall is taken into account in that agency 's planning ( DoH , 1991a , p. 7 ) .
where , after exploring the available alternatives , it is not possible to meet all the needs , the nature and extent of unmet needs should be recorded and information fed into the authority 's community care planning process … where unmet need relates to the services of another agency ( for example health or housing ) it is expected that similar steps will be taken to [make sure] that the shortfall is taken into account in that agency 's planning ( doh , 1991a , p. 7 ) .

These emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to ensure that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .
these emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to [make sure] that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .

Filling the holes in the net — Staff felt that the care programme approach helped to ensure continuity of care , and ‘ tighten up ’ service delivery .
filling the holes in the net — staff felt that the care programme approach helped to [make sure] continuity of care , and ‘ tighten up ’ service delivery .

This also made it easier to note any harmful side effects of medication and ensure compliance with treatment .
this also made it easier to note any harmful side effects of medication and [make sure] compliance with treatment .

They thought that this could reduce duplication and ensure better utilization of resources as well as guaranteeing greater consistency across different branches of the same service .
they thought that this could reduce duplication and [make sure] better utilization of resources as well as guaranteeing greater consistency across different branches of the same service .

Care programming should ensure better discharge planning , the provision of adequate support for people to maintain mental health at home and reduce unnecessary re-admissions to hospital .
care programming should [make sure] better discharge planning , the provision of adequate support for people to maintain mental health at home and reduce unnecessary re-admissions to hospital .

This community care plan notes the Department of Health circular on the care programme approach … This approach is being developed to ensure that in future patients treated in the community receive the health and social care they need … The department will continue to refine with the health authorities the local care programme approach adopted from April 1991 ( Bedfordshire ) .
this community care plan notes the department of health circular on the care programme approach … this approach is being developed to [make sure] that in future patients treated in the community receive the health and social care they need … the department will continue to refine with the health authorities the local care programme approach adopted from april 1991 ( bedfordshire ) .

These would be ( 1 ) to examine and criticize the openness of sociology to challenging heterodoxies , ( 2 ) to try to ensure the autonomization of sociology from the field of power , ( 3 ) to sharpen methods of cross-control .
these would be ( 1 ) to examine and criticize the openness of sociology to challenging heterodoxies , ( 2 ) to try to [make sure] the autonomization of sociology from the field of power , ( 3 ) to sharpen methods of cross-control .

But we were told recently by a delegation from the french Senate , studying British methods of scrutiny of Community legislation , that they had great difficulty in obtaining copies of Commission legislative proposals and that it had been necessary for them to establish an office in Brussels to ensure a reliable supply .
but we were told recently by a delegation from the french senate , studying british methods of scrutiny of community legislation , that they had great difficulty in obtaining copies of commission legislative proposals and that it had been necessary for them to establish an office in brussels to [make sure] a reliable supply .

Making life hell so he resigned , and threatening to expose his negligence to ensure he made the minimum of fuss , was much more acceptable to MacQuillan .
making life hell so he resigned , and threatening to expose his negligence to [make sure] he made the minimum of fuss , was much more acceptable to macquillan .

The codes and numbers could be changed to ensure secrecy was maintained .
the codes and numbers could be changed to [make sure] secrecy was maintained .

It seems likely that the two latter offences were conceived to protect the interests of wealthy fathers by seeking to ensure that their daughters did not contract unsuitable marriages or forfeit their virginity and become less eligible .
it seems likely that the two latter offences were conceived to protect the interests of wealthy fathers by seeking to [make sure] that their daughters did not contract unsuitable marriages or forfeit their virginity and become less eligible .

When sexual activity continues for years , the child feels a deepening responsibility to keep the relationship hidden from everyone , and her father is free to escalate the level of sexuality between them ’ The responsibility which parents have to ensure that sexual acts do not take place between themselves and their children is surely not confined to sexual intercourse .
when sexual activity continues for years , the child feels a deepening responsibility to keep the relationship hidden from everyone , and her father is free to escalate the level of sexuality between them ’ the responsibility which parents have to [make sure] that sexual acts do not take place between themselves and their children is surely not confined to sexual intercourse .

This would ensure , inter alia , that defendants charged with relatively trivial acts would neither suffer the stigma of conviction for a serious offence with a high penalty nor would run the risk of a more severe sentence than would have been dispensed under the old law .
this would [make sure] , inter alia , that defendants charged with relatively trivial acts would neither suffer the stigma of conviction for a serious offence with a high penalty nor would run the risk of a more severe sentence than would have been dispensed under the old law .

Sir Matthew Hale was to ensure , however , that the law did not proceed in this direction .
sir matthew hale was to [make sure] , however , that the law did not proceed in this direction .

This was to ensure that proceedings were not brought where the interests of the public or the family dictated otherwise .
this was to [make sure] that proceedings were not brought where the interests of the public or the family dictated otherwise .

’ The purpose of this provision would be to ensure that where threats other than of immediate violence were employed by a defendant , the woman would be regarded as consenting .
’ the purpose of this provision would be to [make sure] that where threats other than of immediate violence were employed by a defendant , the woman would be regarded as consenting .

Far from succeeding in injecting certainty into the law , the Criminal Law Revision Committee 's proposal regarding consent will ensure that confusion continues to reign .
far from succeeding in injecting certainty into the law , the criminal law revision committee 's proposal regarding consent will [make sure] that confusion continues to reign .

The object of radical legislation is to introduce a more refined and coherent form of gradation which will ensure , inter alia , that guilty defendants are not able to bargain their way into sentences which are far lighter than they deserve .
the object of radical legislation is to introduce a more refined and coherent form of gradation which will [make sure] , inter alia , that guilty defendants are not able to bargain their way into sentences which are far lighter than they deserve .

It is also designed to ensure that defendants are convicted of offences which reflect the fact that the crime committed was one of sexual violence .
it is also designed to [make sure] that defendants are convicted of offences which reflect the fact that the crime committed was one of sexual violence .

Generally speaking , as a matter of practical necessity , the defence will have to produce evidence of consent in these circumstances in any case , but where an evidential burden exists , a failure to produce such evidence will ensure that the issue of consent is not left to the jury .
generally speaking , as a matter of practical necessity , the defence will have to produce evidence of consent in these circumstances in any case , but where an evidential burden exists , a failure to produce such evidence will [make sure] that the issue of consent is not left to the jury .

Alternatively , the killer was someone from the house who had secured the door to ensure privacy , but opened it again after his crime to confirm the impression that an outsider was involved .
alternatively , the killer was someone from the house who had secured the door to [make sure] privacy , but opened it again after his crime to confirm the impression that an outsider was involved .

Management responsibilities are structured to ensure the effective delegation of authority , enabling decisions to be made promptly and efficiently .
management responsibilities are structured to [make sure] the effective delegation of authority , enabling decisions to be made promptly and efficiently .

‘ It is or intention to ensure that the money is well spent , ’ Stuart explained .
‘ it is or intention to [make sure] that the money is well spent , ’ stuart explained .

All have risen to the challenges of the year in many different ways and have helped ensure our future progress .
all have risen to the challenges of the year in many different ways and have helped [make sure] our future progress .

All of the building professionals should be involved from the early design stages to ensure that the finished product matches the needs of the occupants .
all of the building professionals should be involved from the early design stages to [make sure] that the finished product matches the needs of the occupants .

Melanie , a working mother , is contracted to work four hours a day , but , said Bob , ‘ even though she has the time consuming task of caring for her baby , when the situation has arisen , she has worked full days in order to ensure the smooth running of her team .
melanie , a working mother , is contracted to work four hours a day , but , said bob , ‘ even though she has the time consuming task of caring for her baby , when the situation has arisen , she has worked full days in order to [make sure] the smooth running of her team .

To ensure consistency the same 20 branches and , where possible , the same staff are contacted each month .
to [make sure] consistency the same 20 branches and , where possible , the same staff are contacted each month .

The refurbishment was overseen by the Property Department in London whose brief was to ensure that Drummonds maintained its traditional character and ambiance while creating a ‘ state of the art ’ working environment to equip the Bank for its fourth century .
the refurbishment was overseen by the property department in london whose brief was to [make sure] that drummonds maintained its traditional character and ambiance while creating a ‘ state of the art ’ working environment to equip the bank for its fourth century .

Senior Corporate Manager David Peebles said the purpose of the course was to ensure that staff ‘ have the communication and human relation skills to provide a high quality of service . ’
senior corporate manager david peebles said the purpose of the course was to [make sure] that staff ‘ have the communication and human relation skills to provide a high quality of service . ’

But Rotherham wo n't be making it five wins in a row . To ensure the quiz remains the most popular competition in the Institute 's calendar , they have been asked to sit out next year and devise the questions instead !
but rotherham wo n't be making it five wins in a row . to [make sure] the quiz remains the most popular competition in the institute 's calendar , they have been asked to sit out next year and devise the questions instead !

‘ As for the long-term future , we will ensure the Cashline network grows and meets the demand of our customers whilst operating profitability , ’ said Nigel .
‘ as for the long-term future , we will [make sure] the cashline network grows and meets the demand of our customers whilst operating profitability , ’ said nigel .

‘ Site preparation , hardware and software testing have to be carried out by the relevant specialists and plans have to be made to ensure that the upgrade will cause no interruption to the service provided to our customers .
‘ site preparation , hardware and software testing have to be carried out by the relevant specialists and plans have to be made to [make sure] that the upgrade will cause no interruption to the service provided to our customers .

The weekend of 13/14 March was used to do the cut over and to ensure that everything was in full working order .
the weekend of 13/14 march was used to do the cut over and to [make sure] that everything was in full working order .

Ensure they speak well of us rather than denigrate us to their friends .
[make sure] they speak well of us rather than denigrate us to their friends .

Care was also taken to ensure that the video is as up to date as possible , keeping staff fully informed of the Bank of the future .
care was also taken to [make sure] that the video is as up to date as possible , keeping staff fully informed of the bank of the future .

The first , Don ‘ t be a soft target , relates to security procedures at branches and the need to ensure that these procedures are always adhered to .
the first , don ‘ t be a soft target , relates to security procedures at branches and the need to [make sure] that these procedures are always adhered to .

Save-a-Cup 's aim to ensure that the millions of cups used in offices throughout Britain do not harm the environment by being burned or dumped on landfill sites .
save-a-cup 's aim to [make sure] that the millions of cups used in offices throughout britain do not harm the environment by being burned or dumped on landfill sites .

to ensure an adequate supply of wholesome water for domestic , commercial and industrial purposes
to [make sure] an adequate supply of wholesome water for domestic , commercial and industrial purposes

to ensure an adequate system of sewerage and sewage treatment and disposal
to [make sure] an adequate system of sewerage and sewage treatment and disposal

Behind the simple action of turning a tap , however , lies a vast network of pumping stations , treatment works , laboratories , reservoirs , pipes and people — from engineers , scientists and maintenance workers to administrative staff — all working to ensure a high quality water supply .
behind the simple action of turning a tap , however , lies a vast network of pumping stations , treatment works , laboratories , reservoirs , pipes and people — from engineers , scientists and maintenance workers to administrative staff — all working to [make sure] a high quality water supply .

The Council is continuing to invest — within tight financial constraints — in the Region 's water and sewerage network to ensure that Lothian 's future needs are met .
the council is continuing to invest — within tight financial constraints — in the region 's water and sewerage network to [make sure] that lothian 's future needs are met .

£350 million needs to be spent by the Council by the year 2000 to ensure that it meets its statutory responsibilities — this is £165 million , or 90% more than the level of investment allocation likely to be approved by the Scottish Office in this period .
£350 million needs to be spent by the council by the year 2000 to [make sure] that it meets its statutory responsibilities — this is £165 million , or 90% more than the level of investment allocation likely to be approved by the scottish office in this period .

Some plants and animals are becoming scarce in the intensely farmed parts of East Lothian but here is a chance to ensure that you will see them .
some plants and animals are becoming scarce in the intensely farmed parts of east lothian but here is a chance to [make sure] that you will see them .

Thereafter , a regular visit will be made to ensure that a meal continues to be necessary as there are many others in need of this service .
thereafter , a regular visit will be made to [make sure] that a meal continues to be necessary as there are many others in need of this service .

Special precautions were taken to ensure the stability of the track during excavation for the foundations of the structure .
special precautions were taken to [make sure] the stability of the track during excavation for the foundations of the structure .

Within this period , construction will be phased to ensure the least possible disturbance to residents and local traffic .
within this period , construction will be phased to [make sure] the least possible disturbance to residents and local traffic .

In September 1978 a discussion paper was published and exhibitions were mounted to ensure that public opinion was reflected in the preparation of the road plans .
in september 1978 a discussion paper was published and exhibitions were mounted to [make sure] that public opinion was reflected in the preparation of the road plans .

It will be essential to work closely with the Scottish Development Department to ensure completion of the Regional and Trunk road sections of this project at the same time .
it will be essential to work closely with the scottish development department to [make sure] completion of the regional and trunk road sections of this project at the same time .

However , the council 's support for non-smoking is centred on the health issue and the co-operation of all employees is sought to ensure a satisfactory adjustment to the new standard at work .
however , the council 's support for non-smoking is centred on the health issue and the co-operation of all employees is sought to [make sure] a satisfactory adjustment to the new standard at work .

Bill said : ‘ Within ten to 20 years , because of changes in the age structure of the population , it is going to be vital to attract women to ensure that the complement of applicants is kept up .
bill said : ‘ within ten to 20 years , because of changes in the age structure of the population , it is going to be vital to attract women to [make sure] that the complement of applicants is kept up .

Newsround felt it was worthwhile to give readers information about the efforts that are being made by the Council to ensure its views on reform are known and presented as effectively as possible .
newsround felt it was worthwhile to give readers information about the efforts that are being made by the council to [make sure] its views on reform are known and presented as effectively as possible .

‘ We had to show that the Regional Council could organise its affairs to ensure a more local system than currently exists through the regions and districts , ’ said Convenor Eric Milligan .
‘ we had to show that the regional council could organise its affairs to [make sure] a more local system than currently exists through the regions and districts , ’ said convenor eric milligan .

Have you heard of WaterAid ? Perhaps not , but Sheena Fraser is trying hard to ensure that you will soon .
have you heard of wateraid ? perhaps not , but sheena fraser is trying hard to [make sure] that you will soon .

It is only by preparing for the future that Lothian Highways staff can ensure that there will be a successful future .
it is only by preparing for the future that lothian highways staff can [make sure] that there will be a successful future .

Whilst the demise of the Region is not certain , Network can reveal that the Directorate with the active support of the Council is already acting to ensure that the interests of staff are maximised during any transition to a new Local Government establishment .
whilst the demise of the region is not certain , network can reveal that the directorate with the active support of the council is already acting to [make sure] that the interests of staff are maximised during any transition to a new local government establishment .

Lothian Region has successfully net the challenges of the past by anticipating the effects of proposed changes and , through cooperation between staff and the Directorate , implemented the changes necessary to ensure the survival and prosperity .
lothian region has successfully net the challenges of the past by anticipating the effects of proposed changes and , through cooperation between staff and the directorate , implemented the changes necessary to [make sure] the survival and prosperity .

They are about recognising the reality of the problem and taking all reasonable steps to ensure that the well-being of both staff and clients is not unnecessarily put at risk in having to deal with such situations .
they are about recognising the reality of the problem and taking all reasonable steps to [make sure] that the well-being of both staff and clients is not unnecessarily put at risk in having to deal with such situations .

the provision , maintenance and revision of training to ensure the competency of employees to carry out their duties safely and without risk to health .
the provision , maintenance and revision of training to [make sure] the competency of employees to carry out their duties safely and without risk to health .

4.5 It is the responsibility of each workplace manager to ensure a local system for summoning support is devised and to ensure that all staff are given information relating to any future arrangements as well as these Guidelines .
4.5 it is the responsibility of each workplace manager to [make sure] a local system for summoning support is devised and to [make sure] that all staff are given information relating to any future arrangements as well as these guidelines .

4.8 Ideally , no worker should work alone in an isolated office or building and arrangements should be made to ensure that , as far as possible , this does not happen .
4.8 ideally , no worker should work alone in an isolated office or building and arrangements should be made to [make sure] that , as far as possible , this does not happen .

The Department has a responsibility to ensure that there are guidelines and procedures to assist those employees who handle money .
the department has a responsibility to [make sure] that there are guidelines and procedures to assist those employees who handle money .

4.18 All admission policies in the Department 's residential and day care units should be reviewed to ensure that they explicitly include an assessment of the potential risk of violence from the client/and or their family .
4.18 all admission policies in the department 's residential and day care units should be reviewed to [make sure] that they explicitly include an assessment of the potential risk of violence from the client/and or their family .

This review should be undertaken by the relevant managers — the steps necessary to ensure employee safety being of crucial importance .
this review should be undertaken by the relevant managers — the steps necessary to [make sure] employee safety being of crucial importance .

The purpose of this review will be to ensure that the staffing levels and working arrangements are those needed to enable employees to deliver the service in a safe manner .
the purpose of this review will be to [make sure] that the staffing levels and working arrangements are those needed to enable employees to deliver the service in a safe manner .

If they do not return to the office or call in as arranged the supervisor should ensure that contact is made with that address to determine if the visit has been made and concluded .
if they do not return to the office or call in as arranged the supervisor should [make sure] that contact is made with that address to determine if the visit has been made and concluded .

It is the responsibility of the line manager to ensure that back-up is available .
it is the responsibility of the line manager to [make sure] that back-up is available .

It is the personal responsibility of the member of staff involved and their supervisor to ensure that such records are maintained in other that , in their absence , information is available to other workers .
it is the personal responsibility of the member of staff involved and their supervisor to [make sure] that such records are maintained in other that , in their absence , information is available to other workers .

that there may be circumstances when the need to ensure the safety of employees will result in the abandonment of any attempts to use physical restraint .
that there may be circumstances when the need to [make sure] the safety of employees will result in the abandonment of any attempts to use physical restraint .

8.8 To ensure that appropriate use is made of the available line management support arrangements , all requests for external counselling must be discussed with the employee and approved by the relevant District Manager .
8.8 to [make sure] that appropriate use is made of the available line management support arrangements , all requests for external counselling must be discussed with the employee and approved by the relevant district manager .

10.3 The appropriate line manager will ensure that adequate support and assistance are provided to the employee on returning to work for a specified ‘ settling in ’ period .
10.3 the appropriate line manager will [make sure] that adequate support and assistance are provided to the employee on returning to work for a specified ‘ settling in ’ period .

In order to ensure consistency of treatment for all employees the Director of Social Work , in conjunction with the Director of Finance , will make a payment to a teacher in circumstances where an injury allowance would be payable to an employee covered by the terms of the Local Government Superannuation Regulations .
in order to [make sure] consistency of treatment for all employees the director of social work , in conjunction with the director of finance , will make a payment to a teacher in circumstances where an injury allowance would be payable to an employee covered by the terms of the local government superannuation regulations .

Managers should ensure that staff are supported to use physical restraint appropriately and effectively .
managers should [make sure] that staff are supported to use physical restraint appropriately and effectively .

3.1 In handling a violent situation one of the basic rules is to ensure that a means of withdrawal is available should the member of staff decide simply to vacate the room .
3.1 in handling a violent situation one of the basic rules is to [make sure] that a means of withdrawal is available should the member of staff decide simply to vacate the room .

Future Plans will review progress made on these initiatives and develop new ones to ensure that every effort is made to secure the highest possible reduction in casualties .
future plans will review progress made on these initiatives and develop new ones to [make sure] that every effort is made to secure the highest possible reduction in casualties .

Each school has been asked to identify a co-ordinator who will liaise with the appropriate Road Safety Training Officer and other agencies to ensure an appropriate and progressive programme of road safety education for all pupils .
each school has been asked to identify a co-ordinator who will liaise with the appropriate road safety training officer and other agencies to [make sure] an appropriate and progressive programme of road safety education for all pupils .

Where possible , steps will be taken to ensure that publicity campaigns include specific messages targeted at this age group .
where possible , steps will be taken to [make sure] that publicity campaigns include specific messages targeted at this age group .

Action will be taken to ensure the widest possible publicity is given to the changes in seat belt legislation which came into effect last year .
action will be taken to [make sure] the widest possible publicity is given to the changes in seat belt legislation which came into effect last year .

Action will be taken to ensure that the widest possible publicity is given to seat belt legislation .
action will be taken to [make sure] that the widest possible publicity is given to seat belt legislation .

The Council will continue to monitor buses deployed on its own contracted services to ensure that they conform to the standards laid down in its Conditions of Contract .
the council will continue to monitor buses deployed on its own contracted services to [make sure] that they conform to the standards laid down in its conditions of contract .

Maintain the programme of expenditure on local safety schemes and other action plans and ensure their implementation by according the highest priority to this work .
maintain the programme of expenditure on local safety schemes and other action plans and [make sure] their implementation by according the highest priority to this work .

The first Plan identified the need to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .
the first plan identified the need to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to [make sure] that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .

Continue to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .
continue to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to [make sure] that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .

Development Control : development control procedures have been reinforced to ensure that developer contributions to the provision of road safety improvements required as a result of development are actively pursued .
development control : development control procedures have been reinforced to [make sure] that developer contributions to the provision of road safety improvements required as a result of development are actively pursued .

Ensure that road safety issues form a major input to the quality assurance process
[make sure] that road safety issues form a major input to the quality assurance process

From April 1993 the Department of Social Work must ensure that people who wish to use community care services , get a prompt and skilled assessment of their needs .
from april 1993 the department of social work must [make sure] that people who wish to use community care services , get a prompt and skilled assessment of their needs .

Ensure that all long-stay care is run well and increase single room accommodation .
[make sure] that all long-stay care is run well and increase single room accommodation .

Ensure that children and young people with learning disabilities have a smoother transition into adulthood and adult service networks .
[make sure] that children and young people with learning disabilities have a smoother transition into adulthood and adult service networks .

Ensure that there is adequate community care available for everyone who comes out of a psychiatric hospital after a stay of six months or more .
[make sure] that there is adequate community care available for everyone who comes out of a psychiatric hospital after a stay of six months or more .

We hope that the Community Care plan will ensure that services develop in line with the wishes and the needs of the people in Lothian .
we hope that the community care plan will [make sure] that services develop in line with the wishes and the needs of the people in lothian .

Tours were organised by Dr Marchbank and conducted by the Librarian , Miss Wright and Ms McGrath , with the help of Miss Cowan and Mrs Booth to round up stragglers and ensure no-one got lost .
tours were organised by dr marchbank and conducted by the librarian , miss wright and ms mcgrath , with the help of miss cowan and mrs booth to round up stragglers and [make sure] no-one got lost .

Foresters ' Hall In a letter from Councillor Mrs. Brereton to Mrs. Burden of Juniper Green Primary School 's Board she states that she will do her utmost to ensure that the site retains its present planning use .
foresters ' hall in a letter from councillor mrs. brereton to mrs. burden of juniper green primary school 's board she states that she will do her utmost to [make sure] that the site retains its present planning use .

Detailed regulations are in place which are designed to ensure that all employees give the highest priority to the health and safety of themselves , and those around them .
detailed regulations are in place which are designed to [make sure] that all employees give the highest priority to the health and safety of themselves , and those around them .

One critical step in overcoming the culture gap is to ensure that all partners share at the outset a common understanding of the innovation process , their respective roles within it , and how it applies to the particular topic being addressed .
one critical step in overcoming the culture gap is to [make sure] that all partners share at the outset a common understanding of the innovation process , their respective roles within it , and how it applies to the particular topic being addressed .

We have tried to ensure they compliment the evidence being prepared by statutory objectors , including the Countryside Council for Wales and the National Rivers Authority .
we have tried to [make sure] they compliment the evidence being prepared by statutory objectors , including the countryside council for wales and the national rivers authority .

Time is short , but we must mobilise the full strength of our membership to try to ensure that the Bill is brought forward quickly .
time is short , but we must mobilise the full strength of our membership to try to [make sure] that the bill is brought forward quickly .

We urge you to ensure the most stringent environmental assessment procedures are followed before any irreversible damage is done .
we urge you to [make sure] the most stringent environmental assessment procedures are followed before any irreversible damage is done .

However , once the licence to sink an exploratory well was awarded to the Hamilton Oil Company , we tried to ensure that it honoured the conditions attached to the licence , prepared an adequate oil spill contingency plan and designed an operational programme which minimised the risks to the environment .
however , once the licence to sink an exploratory well was awarded to the hamilton oil company , we tried to [make sure] that it honoured the conditions attached to the licence , prepared an adequate oil spill contingency plan and designed an operational programme which minimised the risks to the environment .

We believe that the Government should establish an appropriate body to carry out this function and ensure a consistent approach across all the bodies covered by the procedures .
we believe that the government should establish an appropriate body to carry out this function and [make sure] a consistent approach across all the bodies covered by the procedures .

To assist the Director and deputise when necessary to ensure the Campaign 's work is implemented effectively .
to assist the director and deputise when necessary to [make sure] the campaign 's work is implemented effectively .

We would argue that because the environmental and social costs are so high , it is in the national interest to ensure that opencast production is kept to a minimum .
we would argue that because the environmental and social costs are so high , it is in the national interest to [make sure] that opencast production is kept to a minimum .

Paragraph 6.15 of the Policy Issues Paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .
paragraph 6.15 of the policy issues paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to [make sure] that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .

However we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .
however we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to [make sure] appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .

This is not expected in the implementation of say health and safety improvements to sites , so one might ask why it should apply to measures designed to mitigate the physical impact of operations on nearby residential areas , and to ensure proper restoration and aftercare .
this is not expected in the implementation of say health and safety improvements to sites , so one might ask why it should apply to measures designed to mitigate the physical impact of operations on nearby residential areas , and to [make sure] proper restoration and aftercare .

This duty is essential to ensure MPAs take decisive action to upgrade extant minerals permissions .
this duty is essential to [make sure] mpas take decisive action to upgrade extant minerals permissions .

Paragraph 6.15 of the Policy Issues Paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .
paragraph 6.15 of the policy issues paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to [make sure] that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .

However we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .
however we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to [make sure] appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .

We believe a parallel unit is desperately required in the Welsh Office to help ensure the wise use of our valuable coastal resources .
we believe a parallel unit is desperately required in the welsh office to help [make sure] the wise use of our valuable coastal resources .

This should be altered to apply generally to ensure that nature conservation issues are taken into account in all development decision-making .
this should be altered to apply generally to [make sure] that nature conservation issues are taken into account in all development decision-making .

Guidance on the structure of co-operative links would be welcome to ensure consistency , as opposed to the varied nature of the coastal fora which are evolving on a voluntary basis .
guidance on the structure of co-operative links would be welcome to [make sure] consistency , as opposed to the varied nature of the coastal fora which are evolving on a voluntary basis .

We are anxious to ensure consistency in planning policy advice so that conflict does not arise from different interpretations .
we are anxious to [make sure] consistency in planning policy advice so that conflict does not arise from different interpretations .

However it is important that local planning authorities are encouraged to ensure that such conditions are practically enforceable .
however it is important that local planning authorities are encouraged to [make sure] that such conditions are practically enforceable .

All of this stresses the need to ensure that future development must enhance rather than damage the environment .
all of this stresses the need to [make sure] that future development must enhance rather than damage the environment .

We must also try to ensure we get people capable of doing specific jobs to a reasonable standard .
we must also try to [make sure] we get people capable of doing specific jobs to a reasonable standard .

‘ The role of the Welsh Office is to … ensure that planning legislation and guidelines balance the needs of the environment and the need for new properties in such a way as to maintain a sufficient supply of new homes at minimal cost to the environment . ’
‘ the role of the welsh office is to … [make sure] that planning legislation and guidelines balance the needs of the environment and the need for new properties in such a way as to maintain a sufficient supply of new homes at minimal cost to the environment . ’

It follows that any strategy to protect them and to ensure their future must include all these aspects , rather than attempt to protect one at the expense of others .
it follows that any strategy to protect them and to [make sure] their future must include all these aspects , rather than attempt to protect one at the expense of others .

In the same way , Environmental Impact Assessments ensure that the effect of developments on the natural environment is at least considered .
in the same way , environmental impact assessments [make sure] that the effect of developments on the natural environment is at least considered .

Priority for Local People — this would further ensure access to existing housing and obviate the need for new development by giving first choice to a ‘ local band ’ of buyers and second choice to a ‘ semi-local band ’ .
priority for local people — this would further [make sure] access to existing housing and obviate the need for new development by giving first choice to a ‘ local band ’ of buyers and second choice to a ‘ semi-local band ’ .

These need to be recognised in order to ensure there are not gaps in the support offered , or needless duplication .
these need to be recognised in order to [make sure] there are not gaps in the support offered , or needless duplication .

We have therefore sought to influence its detail in order to ensure the highest standards of protection are afforded to the surrounding natural and visual environments .
we have therefore sought to influence its detail in order to [make sure] the highest standards of protection are afforded to the surrounding natural and visual environments .

We would still welcome a thorough reappraisal of the statutory objectives , powers and duties of the Council in order to ensure they are relevant to the challenges which lie ahead .
we would still welcome a thorough reappraisal of the statutory objectives , powers and duties of the council in order to [make sure] they are relevant to the challenges which lie ahead .

They may have been politically naive in character and open to attack , but their proponents desired to ensure that sound scientific knowledge under-pinned all actions to protect wildlife resources .
they may have been politically naive in character and open to attack , but their proponents desired to [make sure] that sound scientific knowledge under-pinned all actions to protect wildlife resources .

Amongst the many implications of this outcome , we agree that there is an urgent need to safeguard and extend the skills needed to ensure sustainable use of the natural resources of the coast and countryside of Wales .
amongst the many implications of this outcome , we agree that there is an urgent need to safeguard and extend the skills needed to [make sure] sustainable use of the natural resources of the coast and countryside of wales .

‘ Under our contract , we are obliged to drill a further eight exploration wells , and we are confident that we will have enough prospects to ensure a continuous drilling programme through 1993 and 1994 , ’ he added .
‘ under our contract , we are obliged to drill a further eight exploration wells , and we are confident that we will have enough prospects to [make sure] a continuous drilling programme through 1993 and 1994 , ’ he added .

At The Royal Bank of Scotland we are always looking for ways to ensure that our customers achieve a good return from their savings , particularly now that interest rates are much lower .
at the royal bank of scotland we are always looking for ways to [make sure] that our customers achieve a good return from their savings , particularly now that interest rates are much lower .

They will be monitored to ensure that they can adapt to the local climate .
they will be monitored to [make sure] that they can adapt to the local climate .

An investigation by a Commission taskforce into the implications of the single market also concluded that existing systems are inadequate to ensure the protection of the environment .
an investigation by a commission taskforce into the implications of the single market also concluded that existing systems are inadequate to [make sure] the protection of the environment .

Geographic , demographic , social and financial factors combine in many areas of the country , to ensure that institutions of 150+ represent not only an unrealistic goal but an unattainable one too .
geographic , demographic , social and financial factors combine in many areas of the country , to [make sure] that institutions of 150+ represent not only an unrealistic goal but an unattainable one too .

There is a need to ensure that we will be able to provide in the future the range and type of courses , especially the technologically/vocationally orientated courses that will be offered in F.E./tertiary colleges .
there is a need to [make sure] that we will be able to provide in the future the range and type of courses , especially the technologically/vocationally orientated courses that will be offered in f.e./tertiary colleges .

Positive efforts need to be made to ensure that the 11–16 schools are seen as partners and not as inferior to the 11–18 school .
positive efforts need to be made to [make sure] that the 11–16 schools are seen as partners and not as inferior to the 11–18 school .

We have invested considerable resources and expertise to ensure a superior brewing process for Kaliber .
we have invested considerable resources and expertise to [make sure] a superior brewing process for kaliber .

We take rigorous steps to ensure that our brands are not only produced to the highest specifications possible , but that the quality of our products remains consistently excellent — whatever the product and wherever it is brewed or sold .
we take rigorous steps to [make sure] that our brands are not only produced to the highest specifications possible , but that the quality of our products remains consistently excellent — whatever the product and wherever it is brewed or sold .

Effective purchasing is important to ensure that quality materials and equipment are sourced at the best prices and made available when required .
effective purchasing is important to [make sure] that quality materials and equipment are sourced at the best prices and made available when required .

Not only can we use the considerable buying power of Guinness to get the best prices , but we can use our knowledge of suppliers all over the world to ensure the highest quality product .
not only can we use the considerable buying power of guinness to get the best prices , but we can use our knowledge of suppliers all over the world to [make sure] the highest quality product .

Guinness Brewing Worldwide 's technical teams work closely with the production teams who constantly monitor the products to ensure consistent quality .
guinness brewing worldwide 's technical teams work closely with the production teams who constantly monitor the products to [make sure] consistent quality .

It is our aim to ensure that customers get what they have a right to expect — the very best product .
it is our aim to [make sure] that customers get what they have a right to expect — the very best product .

We audit our production processes to ensure that we fulfil our environmental responsibilities .
we audit our production processes to [make sure] that we fulfil our environmental responsibilities .

Neal , in the tradition of Ippel ( Neal 1976 , 249 ) , mentions the prefabrication of mosaic and the ease of planning which such books ensure .
neal , in the tradition of ippel ( neal 1976 , 249 ) , mentions the prefabrication of mosaic and the ease of planning which such books [make sure] .

This , we are told , is to ensure that errors made in the laying of tesserae would be most likely to occur away from the focus of the mosaic .
this , we are told , is to [make sure] that errors made in the laying of tesserae would be most likely to occur away from the focus of the mosaic .

The former makes for a flexibility in design and allows for local idiosyncrasies , while the latter are slightly quicker and ensure that the craftsman spends less time working in the room which is to receive the decoration .
the former makes for a flexibility in design and allows for local idiosyncrasies , while the latter are slightly quicker and [make sure] that the craftsman spends less time working in the room which is to receive the decoration .

The only ingredients used in the brewing of Guinness are malted Irish barley for its special sugars , roast barley for the ruby tint , hops for that familiar bitter flavour , yeast to ensure the creamy head , and just a soupçon of genius to guarantee the Guinness .
the only ingredients used in the brewing of guinness are malted irish barley for its special sugars , roast barley for the ruby tint , hops for that familiar bitter flavour , yeast to [make sure] the creamy head , and just a soupçon of genius to guarantee the guinness .

The worts are collected in specially designed 20 tonne giant kettles , to ensure a vigorous mixing and boiling with the hops which are added at this stage .
the worts are collected in specially designed 20 tonne giant kettles , to [make sure] a vigorous mixing and boiling with the hops which are added at this stage .

The Moderation Team dealing with a group of centres will ensure that each centre , within the group , is allocated a moderator who will have special responsibility for that centre .
the moderation team dealing with a group of centres will [make sure] that each centre , within the group , is allocated a moderator who will have special responsibility for that centre .

However , each centre will deal with only one moderator who will thus have the opportunity to develop a more ‘ in depth ’ understanding of the centre 's assessment strategy , encourage integration between areas of study , ensure that there is no undue overlap or gaps in the overall assessment plan and give continuity .
however , each centre will deal with only one moderator who will thus have the opportunity to develop a more ‘ in depth ’ understanding of the centre 's assessment strategy , encourage integration between areas of study , [make sure] that there is no undue overlap or gaps in the overall assessment plan and give continuity .

At the commencement of a programme/period of studies centres should ensure that each student has copies of
at the commencement of a programme/period of studies centres should [make sure] that each student has copies of

Centres should ensure , taking into account the entry requirements of Section 3 , that applicants have an appropriate profile of prior attainment , including adequate practical experience , to succeed on the programme or on the individual area of study for which they wish to enrol .
centres should [make sure] , taking into account the entry requirements of section 3 , that applicants have an appropriate profile of prior attainment , including adequate practical experience , to succeed on the programme or on the individual area of study for which they wish to enrol .

To ensure a `` medium to high `` probability of sustaining the forests , logging would have to be cut from the current 4.1 billion board feet of timber to 1.7 billion board feet annually .
to [make sure] a `` medium to high `` probability of sustaining the forests , logging would have to be cut from the current 4.1 billion board feet of timber to 1.7 billion board feet annually .

The committee recommends that building regulations be amended to ensure that offices and other similar buildings have adequate ventilation .
the committee recommends that building regulations be amended to [make sure] that offices and other similar buildings have adequate ventilation .

In its draft version the report declares that market forces alone will not ensure more efficient use of energy .
in its draft version the report declares that market forces alone will not [make sure] more efficient use of energy .

Procedures for planning developments in the Biomedical Sciences have been improved , to ensure that full account is taken of the needs both of subjects based in South Parks Road and of those on the hospital sites .
procedures for planning developments in the biomedical sciences have been improved , to [make sure] that full account is taken of the needs both of subjects based in south parks road and of those on the hospital sites .

After MPs sat all night to defeat a private members ' bill to enable building of the Cardiff Barrage , the government announced that it would introduce its own bill to ensure that the measure passed into law .
after mps sat all night to defeat a private members ' bill to enable building of the cardiff barrage , the government announced that it would introduce its own bill to [make sure] that the measure passed into law .

We have to ensure that European companies ‘ get ahead of the game ’ , investing in clean , safe and environmentally benign processes and products that will meet the demands of consumers and environmental regulators throughout the world .
we have to [make sure] that european companies ‘ get ahead of the game ’ , investing in clean , safe and environmentally benign processes and products that will meet the demands of consumers and environmental regulators throughout the world .

The first priority is to ensure the most effective possible legislation to implement the Charter 's existing provisions .
the first priority is to [make sure] the most effective possible legislation to implement the charter 's existing provisions .

The Europe of the 1990s must ensure to all its residents the right to vote , move freely round the Community , to work , to marry and to live with one 's family .
the europe of the 1990s must [make sure] to all its residents the right to vote , move freely round the community , to work , to marry and to live with one 's family .

We will ensure they are realised .
we will [make sure] they are realised .

The Community must ensure that employees are retrained .
the community must [make sure] that employees are retrained .

We can at least ensure that they are not the cause of any disharmony within Somerville .
we can at least [make sure] that they are not the cause of any disharmony within somerville .

It would use a mixture of field checks , aerial photography and remote sensing to calculate the extent of logging , as part of stepped up efforts to ensure that timber firms comply with government guidelines aimed at conserving the forest reserves .
it would use a mixture of field checks , aerial photography and remote sensing to calculate the extent of logging , as part of stepped up efforts to [make sure] that timber firms comply with government guidelines aimed at conserving the forest reserves .

But other scientists , together with indigenous leaders , stress the need to ensure that the local forest peoples benefit from their own knowledge .
but other scientists , together with indigenous leaders , stress the need to [make sure] that the local forest peoples benefit from their own knowledge .

Friends of the Earth is to take the government to court over its alleged failure to ensure that pesticide levels in drinking water meet legal requirements across much of the Thames Basin area .
friends of the earth is to take the government to court over its alleged failure to [make sure] that pesticide levels in drinking water meet legal requirements across much of the thames basin area .

These importers have have agreed to finance and police an inspectorate to ensure that they are not unwittingly buying drift-net tuna .
these importers have have agreed to finance and police an inspectorate to [make sure] that they are not unwittingly buying drift-net tuna .

New mechanisms are created for helping ensure the safe transportation of oil along California 's coastline .
new mechanisms are created for helping [make sure] the safe transportation of oil along california 's coastline .

In order to ensure a rapid response , cleanup crews will be guaranteed immunity from liability for property damage for the first 60 days after an accident
in order to [make sure] a rapid response , cleanup crews will be guaranteed immunity from liability for property damage for the first 60 days after an accident

The new directive is intended to ensure that national authorities process toxic substances as close to source as possible , thereby minimising the risk of accidents while in transit .
the new directive is intended to [make sure] that national authorities process toxic substances as close to source as possible , thereby minimising the risk of accidents while in transit .

The Great Lakes and other waterways are to undergo a clean-up programme , and regulations will be introduced to ensure safer drinking water .
the great lakes and other waterways are to undergo a clean-up programme , and regulations will be introduced to [make sure] safer drinking water .

The system will be based on a network of anti-pollution equipment in strategic locations around the globe , backed up by a training programme to ensure that governments and the various oil industries are well-equipped to cope with an accident .
the system will be based on a network of anti-pollution equipment in strategic locations around the globe , backed up by a training programme to [make sure] that governments and the various oil industries are well-equipped to cope with an accident .

But why should speakers or writers actually plan to say something in one way and then put it in other words in order to ensure the intended interpretation ?
but why should speakers or writers actually plan to say something in one way and then put it in other words in order to [make sure] the intended interpretation ?

The same kind of point is illustrated by ( 19 ) , except here it is more likely that it is the notion of full luminescence which is explained in the more familiar terms given in the reformulation : In these examples , the speaker 's aim in reformulating an utterance is to enrich the hearer 's encyclopedic entries in order to ensure a greater understanding of the surrounding discourse or text .
the same kind of point is illustrated by ( 19 ) , except here it is more likely that it is the notion of full luminescence which is explained in the more familiar terms given in the reformulation : in these examples , the speaker 's aim in reformulating an utterance is to enrich the hearer 's encyclopedic entries in order to [make sure] a greater understanding of the surrounding discourse or text .

The target 's memorandum and articles should therefore be checked to ensure that the target has the necessary powers to implement the scheme .
the target 's memorandum and articles should therefore be checked to [make sure] that the target has the necessary powers to implement the scheme .

He should have a clear strategy in this direction to ensure that the perceived benefits of the takeover do in fact materialise .
he should have a clear strategy in this direction to [make sure] that the perceived benefits of the takeover do in fact materialise .

( 2 ) Note 2 to Rule 2.1 warns companies of the particular risk that price-sensitive information may be leaked during proof printing of documents , and urges every possible precaution to ensure confidentiality .
( 2 ) note 2 to rule 2.1 warns companies of the particular risk that price-sensitive information may be leaked during proof printing of documents , and urges every possible precaution to [make sure] confidentiality .

( 6 ) As well as ensuring that documents do not fall into the wrong hands , the parties should ensure that any meetings or `` due diligence `` exercises are conducted discreetly , to avoid rumour and speculation .
( 6 ) as well as ensuring that documents do not fall into the wrong hands , the parties should [make sure] that any meetings or `` due diligence `` exercises are conducted discreetly , to avoid rumour and speculation .

1.2 `` the Tenant `` does not include any successors in title of the Tenant Unless the agreement provides otherwise , privity of contract will ensure that the original parties remain in a contractual relationship inter se to the extent of their obligations under the agreement .
1.2 `` the tenant `` does not include any successors in title of the tenant unless the agreement provides otherwise , privity of contract will [make sure] that the original parties remain in a contractual relationship inter se to the extent of their obligations under the agreement .

If the latter , the tenant should ensure that the landlord completes all works necessary to finish the development .
if the latter , the tenant should [make sure] that the landlord completes all works necessary to finish the development .

Care should be taken to ensure that the tenant 's works are not carried out under an obligation to the landlord or the tenant could be disadvantaged on rent review .
care should be taken to [make sure] that the tenant 's works are not carried out under an obligation to the landlord or the tenant could be disadvantaged on rent review .

There is no objection to this but the tenant should ensure that the person so appointed is suitably qualified to enable him to carry out his functions in a proper and responsible manner .
there is no objection to this but the tenant should [make sure] that the person so appointed is suitably qualified to enable him to carry out his functions in a proper and responsible manner .

All that is required is that sufficient of the works shall have been completed to enable the premises to be used for the purpose intended , and if the tenant has any particular concerns as to the completion of the works then it should ensure that express provision is made for those concerns in the agreement ( see clause 2.8 ) .
all that is required is that sufficient of the works shall have been completed to enable the premises to be used for the purpose intended , and if the tenant has any particular concerns as to the completion of the works then it should [make sure] that express provision is made for those concerns in the agreement ( see clause 2.8 ) .

2.1.2 " Building documents " means the plans drawings specifications and other documents relating to the Works which are listed in the third Schedule The tenant should have sight of these as soon as possible to ensure that they are in accordance with its understanding of what has been agreed .
2.1.2 " building documents " means the plans drawings specifications and other documents relating to the works which are listed in the third schedule the tenant should have sight of these as soon as possible to [make sure] that they are in accordance with its understanding of what has been agreed .

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the Landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the Landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the landlord shall use its best endeavours to [make sure] is maintained ) the landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the works :

Similarly , it is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant 's works are completed within a reasonable time .
similarly , it is understandable that a landlord will wish to [make sure] that the tenant 's works are completed within a reasonable time .

Where there is a surety to the agreement and an assignment by the tenant is agreed by the landlord , it is advisable to ensure that while the surety may still be forced to be bound by the obligations on its part contained in the agreement , the surety should not be forced to be a party to the lease .
where there is a surety to the agreement and an assignment by the tenant is agreed by the landlord , it is advisable to [make sure] that while the surety may still be forced to be bound by the obligations on its part contained in the agreement , the surety should not be forced to be a party to the lease .

13.3.2 by or to the Tenant may be given or made by or to the Tenant 's solicitors on behalf of the Tenant The only point to make is to ensure that any notices to be served on the tenant will be certain to be received , which they may not be if served at the premises .
13.3.2 by or to the tenant may be given or made by or to the tenant 's solicitors on behalf of the tenant the only point to make is to [make sure] that any notices to be served on the tenant will be certain to be received , which they may not be if served at the premises .

It is advisable for the precise extent of the centre to be readily identifiable and the tenant should take care to ensure that where there is a right for the landlord to extend or reduce the centre , such extension or reduction does not adversely affect the tenant 's use or occupation of the premises and that there is provision for any specific service charge percentages to be varied accordingly .
it is advisable for the precise extent of the centre to be readily identifiable and the tenant should take care to [make sure] that where there is a right for the landlord to extend or reduce the centre , such extension or reduction does not adversely affect the tenant 's use or occupation of the premises and that there is provision for any specific service charge percentages to be varied accordingly .

The tenant will , however , need to ensure that too wide a use will not have adverse consequences on rent review .
the tenant will , however , need to [make sure] that too wide a use will not have adverse consequences on rent review .

The tenant should ensure that these are not too frequent .
the tenant should [make sure] that these are not too frequent .

The accountant , and for that matter any other professional persons , have very important roles to play in the lease and for this purpose alone the tenant will wish to ensure that they are suitably qualified . The minimum amendment that the tenant would expect is as follows :
the accountant , and for that matter any other professional persons , have very important roles to play in the lease and for this purpose alone the tenant will wish to [make sure] that they are suitably qualified . the minimum amendment that the tenant would expect is as follows :

It is essential to ensure that the risks to be covered by the insurance policy are sufficient to cover the main eventualities .
it is essential to [make sure] that the risks to be covered by the insurance policy are sufficient to cover the main eventualities .

Unless the landlord is prepared to agree that the insurance should be in the joint names of the landlord and tenant , which is unlikely as the landlord would wish to keep control of the policy and proceeds , the tenant should ensure that either the landlord will act reasonably in deciding which other risks it may wish to insure against , or that the tenant will also have the right to nominate risks .
unless the landlord is prepared to agree that the insurance should be in the joint names of the landlord and tenant , which is unlikely as the landlord would wish to keep control of the policy and proceeds , the tenant should [make sure] that either the landlord will act reasonably in deciding which other risks it may wish to insure against , or that the tenant will also have the right to nominate risks .

It is as well to include the words in square brackets to ensure that subsequent amendments to the Act are taken into account , eg the Law of Property Act 1969 .
it is as well to include the words in square brackets to [make sure] that subsequent amendments to the act are taken into account , eg the law of property act 1969 .

It is important from the landlord 's point of view to ensure that the centre does not expand where the tenant has been given a fixed service charge percentage , unless provisions are inserted in the lease to countenance this .
it is important from the landlord 's point of view to [make sure] that the centre does not expand where the tenant has been given a fixed service charge percentage , unless provisions are inserted in the lease to countenance this .

It is also important to ensure that the tenant should not have to redecorate more than once in any one year and that while there is no objection to paints and materials being of `` good quality `` they should not be of the `` best `` quality .
it is also important to [make sure] that the tenant should not have to redecorate more than once in any one year and that while there is no objection to paints and materials being of `` good quality `` they should not be of the `` best `` quality .

5.8.2 Immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 If within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the Tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the Landlord 's [ Surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the Tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the Landlord to enter the Premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the Landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the Landlord ( including legal costs and Surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] While it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .
5.8.2 immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 if within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the landlord 's [ surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the landlord to enter the premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the landlord ( including legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] while it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to [make sure] that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .

5.9.9.1 to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease
5.9.9.1 to [make sure] that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease

( 4 ) The registration of dealings clause should be amended to ensure that the original disposition does not have to be produced to the landlord : a certified copy is perfectly adequate .
( 4 ) the registration of dealings clause should be amended to [make sure] that the original disposition does not have to be produced to the landlord : a certified copy is perfectly adequate .

Furthermore , while nobody would deny the landlord 's solicitor a reasonable fee for the registration of dealings , care should be had to ensure that the registration charge is kept within reason .
furthermore , while nobody would deny the landlord 's solicitor a reasonable fee for the registration of dealings , care should be had to [make sure] that the registration charge is kept within reason .

5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 Prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the Landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 To enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the Landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 In relation to any permitted underlease to ensure that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]
5.9.6.8 imposing in relation to any permitted underletting the same obligations in clause 5.9.6 and in clause[s] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.7 prior to any permitted underletting to procure that the undertenant enters into direct covenants with the landlord to the like effect as those contained in clauses 5.9.6 [ and ] 5.9.7 [ 5.9.8 and 5.9.9 ] ] [ 5.9.8 to enforce the performance and observance by every such undertenant of the provisions of the underlease and not at any time either expressly or by implication to waive any breach of the covenants or conditions on the part of any undertenant or assignee of any underlease nor ( without the consent of the landlord such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) vary the terms of any permitted underlease ] [ 5.9.9 in relation to any permitted underlease to [make sure] that the rent is reviewed in accordance with the terms of the underlease ]

5.12.4 Unless the Landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the Term any works required to be carried out to or in the Premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the Term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out It is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .
5.12.4 unless the landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the term any works required to be carried out to or in the premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out it is understandable that a landlord will wish to [make sure] that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .

5.16.2 To take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the Premises and to notify the Landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the Landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement The landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .
5.16.2 to take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the premises and to notify the landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement the landlord will wish to [make sure] that encroachments are prevented .

5.17.3 to remove all signs erected by the Tenant in upon or near the Premises and immediately to make good any damage caused by such removal It is advisable ( at least for the purpose of this clause ) for the tenant to ensure that the term includes any period of holding over or continuation of the contractual term ( as it does in this lease by virtue of clause 3.8 ) although it must be considered highly unlikely that the tenant would be forced to yield up the premises to the landlord during a continuation under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
5.17.3 to remove all signs erected by the tenant in upon or near the premises and immediately to make good any damage caused by such removal it is advisable ( at least for the purpose of this clause ) for the tenant to [make sure] that the term includes any period of holding over or continuation of the contractual term ( as it does in this lease by virtue of clause 3.8 ) although it must be considered highly unlikely that the tenant would be forced to yield up the premises to the landlord during a continuation under the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

The tenant should also endeavour to ensure that the cost of the landlord 's objections or representations is borne by the landlord .
the tenant should also endeavour to [make sure] that the cost of the landlord 's objections or representations is borne by the landlord .

5.20 Keyholders To ensure that at all times the Landlord has [ and the local Police force has ] written notice of the name home address and home telephone number of at least [ 2 ] key holder [ s ] of the Premises While this is not necessarily objectionable it is a provision that is easily overlooked and imposes an obligation on the tenant which may not be appropriate in the circumstances .
5.20 keyholders to [make sure] that at all times the landlord has [ and the local police force has ] written notice of the name home address and home telephone number of at least [ 2 ] key holder [ s ] of the premises while this is not necessarily objectionable it is a provision that is easily overlooked and imposes an obligation on the tenant which may not be appropriate in the circumstances .

There should also be a limitation on the time during which the landlord can require the tenant to procure a new guarantor and the following amendment is suggested : … and if so required by the Landlord by notice to the Tenant given within 28 days of receipt of the Tenant 's notice at the expense of the Tenant within 56 days to procure some other person reasonably acceptable to the Landlord such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed … 5.24 Landlord 's rights To permit the Landlord at all times during the Term to exercise without interruption or interference any of the rights granted to [ it ] by virtue of the provisions of this Lease The point here is to ensure that the landlord 's rights contained in the lease are not such as to cause unreasonable interference with the business being carried on at the premises .
there should also be a limitation on the time during which the landlord can require the tenant to procure a new guarantor and the following amendment is suggested : … and if so required by the landlord by notice to the tenant given within 28 days of receipt of the tenant 's notice at the expense of the tenant within 56 days to procure some other person reasonably acceptable to the landlord such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed … 5.24 landlord 's rights to permit the landlord at all times during the term to exercise without interruption or interference any of the rights granted to [ it ] by virtue of the provisions of this lease the point here is to [make sure] that the landlord 's rights contained in the lease are not such as to cause unreasonable interference with the business being carried on at the premises .

The lease will indeed quite often contain extensive insurance provisions with this in mind and to ensure that all costs in respect of insurance are paid for by the tenant and not the landlord .
the lease will indeed quite often contain extensive insurance provisions with this in mind and to [make sure] that all costs in respect of insurance are paid for by the tenant and not the landlord .

It is essential to ensure that where the premises form part of a larger building or a shopping centre the building ( or the shopping centre ) should also be insured as the tenant would wish the whole of the building to be reinstated in the event of damage or destruction and not just the premises .
it is essential to [make sure] that where the premises form part of a larger building or a shopping centre the building ( or the shopping centre ) should also be insured as the tenant would wish the whole of the building to be reinstated in the event of damage or destruction and not just the premises .

It is important to ensure that supplemental fees are included as well as the cost of debris removal , demolition etc .
it is important to [make sure] that supplemental fees are included as well as the cost of debris removal , demolition etc .

The tenant should endeavour to ensure that all reasonable and normal risks are covered by the landlord 's insurance .
the tenant should endeavour to [make sure] that all reasonable and normal risks are covered by the landlord 's insurance .

7.6.2 Subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the Landlord shall as soon as the Permissions have been obtained or immediately where no Permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of Rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the Premises or the Retained Parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the Landlord 's own money ] It is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .
7.6.2 subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the landlord shall as soon as the permissions have been obtained or immediately where no permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the premises or the retained parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the landlord 's own money ] it is important to include the words in square brackets in order to [make sure] that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .

If a formula similar to the above is chosen , the tenant must ensure that the rent ( or rents ) does not resume , pursuant to any limitation on the suspension of rent provision , before the tenant has the right to terminate .
if a formula similar to the above is chosen , the tenant must [make sure] that the rent ( or rents ) does not resume , pursuant to any limitation on the suspension of rent provision , before the tenant has the right to terminate .

7.7 Tenant 's insurance covenants It is important that the lease contains general covenants on the part of the tenant relating to insurance sufficient to ensure that the insurance is not vitiated because of foolish acts on the part of the tenant . The Tenant covenants with the Landlord :
7.7 tenant 's insurance covenants it is important that the lease contains general covenants on the part of the tenant relating to insurance sufficient to [make sure] that the insurance is not vitiated because of foolish acts on the part of the tenant . the tenant covenants with the landlord :

If the landlord prefers to covenant to maintain the outer half of all internal non load-bearing walls dividing the premises from other parts of the building and recovering the cost via the service charge , the tenant should ensure that any sums collected by the landlord from other tenants under the terms of their leases to maintain their half of the divisional wall should be deducted from the service charge .
if the landlord prefers to covenant to maintain the outer half of all internal non load-bearing walls dividing the premises from other parts of the building and recovering the cost via the service charge , the tenant should [make sure] that any sums collected by the landlord from other tenants under the terms of their leases to maintain their half of the divisional wall should be deducted from the service charge .

9.9 Exclusion of use warranty Nothing in this Lease or in any consent granted by the Landlord under this Lease shall imply or warrant that the Premises may lawfully be used under the Planning Acts for the purpose authorised in this Lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) It is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .
9.9 exclusion of use warranty nothing in this lease or in any consent granted by the landlord under this lease shall imply or warrant that the premises may lawfully be used under the planning acts for the purpose authorised in this lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) it is for the tenant to [make sure] that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .

This should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .
this should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should [make sure] that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .

Where the original tenant is not required to provide a guarantor but the alienation provisions permit the landlord to require a guarantor on an assignment if it is reasonable to do so , some landlords and tenants prefer the form of the guarantor 's covenants not to be set out in the lease but to rely upon what is reasonable at the time of the assignment , presumably to ensure that the state of the art is employed .
where the original tenant is not required to provide a guarantor but the alienation provisions permit the landlord to require a guarantor on an assignment if it is reasonable to do so , some landlords and tenants prefer the form of the guarantor 's covenants not to be set out in the lease but to rely upon what is reasonable at the time of the assignment , presumably to [make sure] that the state of the art is employed .

The tenant should ensure that the landlord is not given too long to make up its mind and the period of 60 days suggested by the precedent seems fair to both sides .
the tenant should [make sure] that the landlord is not given too long to make up its mind and the period of 60 days suggested by the precedent seems fair to both sides .

The tenant should also ensure that this covenant contains a provision that the lease being granted to the guarantor does not itself provide for a new guarantor to be joined .
the tenant should also [make sure] that this covenant contains a provision that the lease being granted to the guarantor does not itself provide for a new guarantor to be joined .

The tenant should ensure that a reasonable cut-off date is inserted and the tenant could try to reduce the suggested six months period to three months .
the tenant should [make sure] that a reasonable cut-off date is inserted and the tenant could try to reduce the suggested six months period to three months .

It is absolutely vital for the tenant to ensure that the premises are correctly described in the lease and that the rights granted are sufficient for the tenant to carry on its business and the exceptions and reservations do not adversely affect the premises or the business . The premises The Premises means the unit referred to in clause 1.3 shown [ for the purposes of identification only ] edged [ red ] on the Plan including :
it is absolutely vital for the tenant to [make sure] that the premises are correctly described in the lease and that the rights granted are sufficient for the tenant to carry on its business and the exceptions and reservations do not adversely affect the premises or the business . the premises the premises means the unit referred to in clause 1.3 shown [ for the purposes of identification only ] edged [ red ] on the plan including :

The tenant will certainly wish to ensure that its own fixtures and fittings are excluded from the definition of the premises , which could otherwise have adverse consequences so far as the tenant is concerned when construing the tenant 's covenants and valuing `` the Premises `` for rent review purposes .
the tenant will certainly wish to [make sure] that its own fixtures and fittings are excluded from the definition of the premises , which could otherwise have adverse consequences so far as the tenant is concerned when construing the tenant 's covenants and valuing `` the premises `` for rent review purposes .

2 Pipes The right to free passage and running ( subject to temporary interruption for repair alteration or replacement ) of water sewage gas electricity telephone and other services or supplies to and from the Premises in and through the Pipes that now serve the Premises presently laid in on under or over other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property ( in common with the Landlord and other persons having a like right ) The tenant should ensure that the grant of a right to use the service media should extend not only to the service media in existence at the date of the lease but also to those which may be provided during the course of the lease , subject of course to the perpetuity provisions .
2 pipes the right to free passage and running ( subject to temporary interruption for repair alteration or replacement ) of water sewage gas electricity telephone and other services or supplies to and from the premises in and through the pipes that now serve the premises presently laid in on under or over other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property ( in common with the landlord and other persons having a like right ) the tenant should [make sure] that the grant of a right to use the service media should extend not only to the service media in existence at the date of the lease but also to those which may be provided during the course of the lease , subject of course to the perpetuity provisions .

Unfortunately , certain landlords tend to abuse rights of access and as a first step the tenant should ensure that the right is subject to reasonable notice and may only be exercised at reasonable times , except of course in cases of emergency .
unfortunately , certain landlords tend to abuse rights of access and as a first step the tenant should [make sure] that the right is subject to reasonable notice and may only be exercised at reasonable times , except of course in cases of emergency .

Provided proper procedures are established and followed to ensure their incorporation into the business 's contracts , contracts can be concluded by relatively junior employees whilst the terms can limit or exclude the power of such employees to negotiate or vary the business 's obligations .
provided proper procedures are established and followed to [make sure] their incorporation into the business 's contracts , contracts can be concluded by relatively junior employees whilst the terms can limit or exclude the power of such employees to negotiate or vary the business 's obligations .

Above all , the drafter should take care to ensure that the different component pieces do fit together and that the individual pieces are mutually consistent .
above all , the drafter should take care to [make sure] that the different component pieces do fit together and that the individual pieces are mutually consistent .

( b ) Taking instructions As noted above , the drafter needs to have a clear understanding of the nature of the client 's business , in order to ensure that the terms meet the needs of the client 's business , taking account of its products , customers and problems .
( b ) taking instructions as noted above , the drafter needs to have a clear understanding of the nature of the client 's business , in order to [make sure] that the terms meet the needs of the client 's business , taking account of its products , customers and problems .

If the drafter wishes to ensure that headings are , or are not , taken into account by a court interpreting the terms , a provision to that effect can be included in the definitions or scope of the contract clause as follows : The headings used in these terms do not form part of the contract and no account is to be taken of them in interpreting its provisions .
if the drafter wishes to [make sure] that headings are , or are not , taken into account by a court interpreting the terms , a provision to that effect can be included in the definitions or scope of the contract clause as follows : the headings used in these terms do not form part of the contract and no account is to be taken of them in interpreting its provisions .

It may be useful to draw up the definitions clause after drafting the rest of the terms , to ensure that all words and phrases which require definition are included ; then , when checking the terms , the drafter should check the meaning of defined words and phrases each time they appear in the document to ensure that the definition is appropriate .
it may be useful to draw up the definitions clause after drafting the rest of the terms , to [make sure] that all words and phrases which require definition are included ; then , when checking the terms , the drafter should check the meaning of defined words and phrases each time they appear in the document to [make sure] that the definition is appropriate .

This is generally coupled with an `` our terms only `` clause in an attempt to ensure that all the business 's contracts are governed by its own terms without any addition or variation .
this is generally coupled with an `` our terms only `` clause in an attempt to [make sure] that all the business 's contracts are governed by its own terms without any addition or variation .

As the decision in Curtis shows , a business should take care to ensure that its employees do not misrepresent the effects of its terms .
as the decision in curtis shows , a business should take care to [make sure] that its employees do not misrepresent the effects of its terms .

Although there is no absolute legal requirement , it is safest to ensure that there is some reference to the terms on the face of the document ; for instance : This order is for the supply of goods subject to the terms printed overleaf or We acknowledge receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms printed overleaf .
although there is no absolute legal requirement , it is safest to [make sure] that there is some reference to the terms on the face of the document ; for instance : this order is for the supply of goods subject to the terms printed overleaf or we acknowledge receipt of your order and agree to supply you , subject to our terms printed overleaf .

This is a matter for commercial judgment ; from the drafter 's point of view , the important thing is to ensure that the client is aware of the legal implications of its contract procedures and does not lose the battle of forms by inadvertence .
this is a matter for commercial judgment ; from the drafter 's point of view , the important thing is to [make sure] that the client is aware of the legal implications of its contract procedures and does not lose the battle of forms by inadvertence .

Where the parties deal face to face , it may be relatively easy to ensure that the business 's terms are incorporated into the contract , by obtaining the other party 's signature to a form referring to the terms .
where the parties deal face to face , it may be relatively easy to [make sure] that the business 's terms are incorporated into the contract , by obtaining the other party 's signature to a form referring to the terms .

If standard steps are followed on each occasion , it should be easier to prevent mistakes occurring and ensure that the terms are incorporated into all contracts ; in addition , if the normal procedures do break down on a particular occasion , it may be possible to rely on the previous course of dealing .
if standard steps are followed on each occasion , it should be easier to prevent mistakes occurring and [make sure] that the terms are incorporated into all contracts ; in addition , if the normal procedures do break down on a particular occasion , it may be possible to rely on the previous course of dealing .

The drafter will therefore seek to ( 1 ) to minimise his/her client 's obligations and liabilities and ( 2 ) ensure , so far as possible , that the other party to the contract will perform their obligations .
the drafter will therefore seek to ( 1 ) to minimise his/her client 's obligations and liabilities and ( 2 ) [make sure] , so far as possible , that the other party to the contract will perform their obligations .

In order to achieve the second objective , the drafter will seek to ensure that the other party can not escape from the contract and that , if necessary , the contract can be enforced by quick , and procedurally simple methods , such as liquidated rather than unliquidated claims .
in order to achieve the second objective , the drafter will seek to [make sure] that the other party can not escape from the contract and that , if necessary , the contract can be enforced by quick , and procedurally simple methods , such as liquidated rather than unliquidated claims .

With these factors in mind , it can be seen that , if drafting for the supplier , the drafter 's objectives are : 1 To ensure that the buyer accepts the goods/services supplied and does not reject goods or terminate the contract .
with these factors in mind , it can be seen that , if drafting for the supplier , the drafter 's objectives are : 1 to [make sure] that the buyer accepts the goods/services supplied and does not reject goods or terminate the contract .

2 To ensure that the buyer pays for the goods/services supplied .
2 to [make sure] that the buyer pays for the goods/services supplied .

If drafting for the buyer , the objectives are : 1 To ensure that the supplier performs/delivers .
if drafting for the buyer , the objectives are : 1 to [make sure] that the supplier performs/delivers .

Lord Diplock held that the effect of the clause was to define the primary obligations of Securicor : instead of an absolute undertaking to ensure that visits to the client 's premises were made by persons who would exercise reasonable skill and care , they undertook only to exercise due diligence in the employment of staff to make the visits .
lord diplock held that the effect of the clause was to define the primary obligations of securicor : instead of an absolute undertaking to [make sure] that visits to the client 's premises were made by persons who would exercise reasonable skill and care , they undertook only to exercise due diligence in the employment of staff to make the visits .

From the drafter 's point of view there is clearly nothing that can be done to save a clause rendered ineffective by the Act ; however , where a clause is subject to a test of reasonableness ( which will be more common in relation to clauses included in standard terms ) the drafter should try to ensure that the clause can satisfy the test .
from the drafter 's point of view there is clearly nothing that can be done to save a clause rendered ineffective by the act ; however , where a clause is subject to a test of reasonableness ( which will be more common in relation to clauses included in standard terms ) the drafter should try to [make sure] that the clause can satisfy the test .

Many of the terms which allow variation of contractual duties will probably satisfy that test , but the drafter should endeavour to ensure that clauses potentially caught by the section are reasonable .
many of the terms which allow variation of contractual duties will probably satisfy that test , but the drafter should endeavour to [make sure] that clauses potentially caught by the section are reasonable .

Each Land Registry deals with a certain number of counties , and readers are referred to the current edition of Longman 's Directory of Local Authorities in order to ensure that their applications for First Registration or for a dealing arrive at the right place .
each land registry deals with a certain number of counties , and readers are referred to the current edition of longman 's directory of local authorities in order to [make sure] that their applications for first registration or for a dealing arrive at the right place .

It is very important to ensure that all clients understand those documents you invite them to sign .
it is very important to [make sure] that all clients understand those documents you invite them to sign .

You should explain to them that it is your responsibility to ensure that contracts are exchanged in such a way that this scenario does not arise .
you should explain to them that it is your responsibility to [make sure] that contracts are exchanged in such a way that this scenario does not arise .

( c ) Use It is vital to ensure that the use that the buyer intends is authorised for planning purposes .
( c ) use it is vital to [make sure] that the use that the buyer intends is authorised for planning purposes .

Such conditions must be worded extremely carefully in order to ensure that they are effective .
such conditions must be worded extremely carefully in order to [make sure] that they are effective .

( d ) Agreed price As mentioned previously , it is essential to ensure that this is properly and finally negotiated at the commencement of the transaction .
( d ) agreed price as mentioned previously , it is essential to [make sure] that this is properly and finally negotiated at the commencement of the transaction .

Basically , there are three categories that will be offered : ( 1 ) There will be a basic valuation , which is not a survey at all , but merely to assist the mortgage company to ensure it has adequate security for its loan .
basically , there are three categories that will be offered : ( 1 ) there will be a basic valuation , which is not a survey at all , but merely to assist the mortgage company to [make sure] it has adequate security for its loan .

There may be important conditions to be observed ( eg to ensure that the road has been adopted by the local authority ) , and if it is not possible to comply with these , the mortgage may not go through .
there may be important conditions to be observed ( eg to [make sure] that the road has been adopted by the local authority ) , and if it is not possible to comply with these , the mortgage may not go through .

If the bank mortgage form does not set out the precise amount of the home loan and the terms under which it is to be repaid , then it is important to ensure that the client receives a letter from the bank manager spelling out in precise terms the nature of the loan , the interest rate applicable to it and the regularity of the instalment payments .
if the bank mortgage form does not set out the precise amount of the home loan and the terms under which it is to be repaid , then it is important to [make sure] that the client receives a letter from the bank manager spelling out in precise terms the nature of the loan , the interest rate applicable to it and the regularity of the instalment payments .

It is very necessary to ensure that you do not give financial advice unless your firm is appropriately registered under the Financial Services Act 1986 .
it is very necessary to [make sure] that you do not give financial advice unless your firm is appropriately registered under the financial services act 1986 .

Clearly , the only time it becomes a matter of skill to ensure the two move side by side is when contracts are actually exchanged .
clearly , the only time it becomes a matter of skill to [make sure] the two move side by side is when contracts are actually exchanged .

For example , ensure that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .
for example , [make sure] that the undertaking provides for payment to the bank out of monies coming to your hands ; then if , for some reason beyond your control , you do n't receive the purchase monies this condition wo n't have been fulfilled , and you will be exempt from the obligation to pay .

Before you do this you 'll need to peruse the title ( see Chapter 5 ) to ensure that all easements , rights and liabilities on the title are disclosed to the buyer , and that any defects or difficulties are disclosed and the buyer shut off from objecting to them after exchange .
before you do this you 'll need to peruse the title ( see chapter 5 ) to [make sure] that all easements , rights and liabilities on the title are disclosed to the buyer , and that any defects or difficulties are disclosed and the buyer shut off from objecting to them after exchange .

It 's the obligation of the company to register with the Registrar of Companies particulars of all mortgages and charges ( including debentures ) and the duty of every mortgagee to ensure compliance with that obligation .
it 's the obligation of the company to register with the registrar of companies particulars of all mortgages and charges ( including debentures ) and the duty of every mortgagee to [make sure] compliance with that obligation .

An Executive Agency is a non-statutory management device aiming to ensure that the executive functions of the Government are run efficiently and effectively and within available resources .
an executive agency is a non-statutory management device aiming to [make sure] that the executive functions of the government are run efficiently and effectively and within available resources .

Be careful to ensure that all the original deeds , or examined copies or abstracts thereof , will be handed over , or yourself be very thorough in examining the title , because the Registry normally requires all copies or abstracts to be marked as examined against the original ( including photocopies ) .
be careful to [make sure] that all the original deeds , or examined copies or abstracts thereof , will be handed over , or yourself be very thorough in examining the title , because the registry normally requires all copies or abstracts to be marked as examined against the original ( including photocopies ) .

So how do buyers ensure that they will not , as they walk into their new home , be saddled with an unwanted bedfellow ( to mix a couple of metaphors ) ?
so how do buyers [make sure] that they will not , as they walk into their new home , be saddled with an unwanted bedfellow ( to mix a couple of metaphors ) ?

Run through the papers in your file , including the subfile of any mortgage a buyer-client may be obtaining , to ensure you haven " t missed anything .
run through the papers in your file , including the subfile of any mortgage a buyer-client may be obtaining , to [make sure] you haven " t missed anything .

Remember that under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1987 the lessee is entitled to notice of the full name and address of the lessor , so ensure that this is given in your notice .
remember that under the landlord and tenant act 1987 the lessee is entitled to notice of the full name and address of the lessor , so [make sure] that this is given in your notice .

Best to have the buyer sign it , however , to ensure that he or she really does approve the plan .
best to have the buyer sign it , however , to [make sure] that he or she really does approve the plan .

Therefore the possessor of that information had to be placed under a special disability in the field of competition in order to ensure that he did not get an unfair start .
therefore the possessor of that information had to be placed under a special disability in the field of competition in order to [make sure] that he did not get an unfair start .

It may be that s104 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 , which requires the criminal court to give reasons if refusing compensation , will ensure that the power be exercised on a regular basis .
it may be that s104 ( 1 ) of the criminal justice act 1988 , which requires the criminal court to give reasons if refusing compensation , will [make sure] that the power be exercised on a regular basis .

Reasonable steps must be taken to ensure that the investor understands the purpose of the call ( which must not be disguised ) and the kind of investments or investment services which are to be discussed .
reasonable steps must be taken to [make sure] that the investor understands the purpose of the call ( which must not be disguised ) and the kind of investments or investment services which are to be discussed .

The reason for the two limbs of this rule is purely technical to ensure that there is neither an exclusion of damages for breach of duty , nor an exclusion of any duty which exists in the first place .
the reason for the two limbs of this rule is purely technical to [make sure] that there is neither an exclusion of damages for breach of duty , nor an exclusion of any duty which exists in the first place .

From the compliance point of view , it is important to ensure that any warnings given to customers under this Rule are appropriately recorded either in writing or , at least , through the routine taping of dealers ' telephone lines .
from the compliance point of view , it is important to [make sure] that any warnings given to customers under this rule are appropriately recorded either in writing or , at least , through the routine taping of dealers ' telephone lines .

The firm will also need to reconcile the funds held together with any equity balance with the broker , clearing house or exchange to ensure the integrity of the client 's funds .
the firm will also need to reconcile the funds held together with any equity balance with the broker , clearing house or exchange to [make sure] the integrity of the client 's funds .

As has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time ensuring that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .
as has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to [make sure] that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time ensuring that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .

Broadly speaking , Chinese walls are procedures for restricting information flows within a firm to ensure that information that is confidential to one department is not improperly communicated , either deliberately or inadvertently , to any other department within the firm .
broadly speaking , chinese walls are procedures for restricting information flows within a firm to [make sure] that information that is confidential to one department is not improperly communicated , either deliberately or inadvertently , to any other department within the firm .

We have seen that while practitioners in the financial services field can take certain measures towards reducing their exposure to allegations of breach of fiduciary duty and avoiding conflicts between fiduciary law and regulatory law , there is some doubt as to the efficacy of these techniques and uncertainty as to what is required to ensure that they are reliable .
we have seen that while practitioners in the financial services field can take certain measures towards reducing their exposure to allegations of breach of fiduciary duty and avoiding conflicts between fiduciary law and regulatory law , there is some doubt as to the efficacy of these techniques and uncertainty as to what is required to [make sure] that they are reliable .

The purpose of registration is to provide a record of all children in the area who are currently the subject of an inter-agency protection plan and to ensure that the plans are formally reviewed .
the purpose of registration is to provide a record of all children in the area who are currently the subject of an inter-agency protection plan and to [make sure] that the plans are formally reviewed .

In giving directions the court will be concerned to ensure that the child is not subjected to repeated and unnecessary examinations .
in giving directions the court will be concerned to [make sure] that the child is not subjected to repeated and unnecessary examinations .

The court must draw up a timetable `` with a view to disposing of the application without delay `` and must give directions to ensure that it is adhered to ( s33 ( 1 ) ) .
the court must draw up a timetable `` with a view to disposing of the application without delay `` and must give directions to [make sure] that it is adhered to ( s33 ( 1 ) ) .

Once a direction has been made it is the responsibility of the person conducting the examination or assessment to ensure that a child of sufficient understanding does in fact consent .
once a direction has been made it is the responsibility of the person conducting the examination or assessment to [make sure] that a child of sufficient understanding does in fact consent .

If the order includes provision for medical or psychiatric examination or treatment he may be required to ensure that the child complies ( see below ) .
if the order includes provision for medical or psychiatric examination or treatment he may be required to [make sure] that the child complies ( see below ) .

When providing for examination the court can also , with consent , require a responsible person ( see above ) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the child is examined in compliance with the order ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .
when providing for examination the court can also , with consent , require a responsible person ( see above ) to take all reasonable steps to [make sure] that the child is examined in compliance with the order ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .

As with medical examination , the court may include , with consent , a requirement that a responsible person take all reasonable steps to ensure that the child receives treatment in accordance with the order ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .
as with medical examination , the court may include , with consent , a requirement that a responsible person take all reasonable steps to [make sure] that the child receives treatment in accordance with the order ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .

In this case , the taxpayers should ensure that either they pay rent for each day of the use or that the property is not available for their use for extended periods when the parties have no intention of using the same .
in this case , the taxpayers should [make sure] that either they pay rent for each day of the use or that the property is not available for their use for extended periods when the parties have no intention of using the same .

The definition of " associated operations " in s742(1) applies to both provisions and s744 contains provisions designed to ensure that there is no double charge to tax under both the sections .
the definition of " associated operations " in s742(1) applies to both provisions and s744 contains provisions designed to [make sure] that there is no double charge to tax under both the sections .

The government may also amend the law to ensure that where there is no inheritance tax on death there is no capital gains tax uplift in base cost .
the government may also amend the law to [make sure] that where there is no inheritance tax on death there is no capital gains tax uplift in base cost .

In addition , one must ensure that he was not resident in the United Kingdom for three full years of assessment being the year ended 5 April .
in addition , one must [make sure] that he was not resident in the united kingdom for three full years of assessment being the year ended 5 april .

Before it makes a new rule , an exchange must ensure that the relevant rule is within the scope of any statutory controls that apply to it , and covered by the exchange 's own objects and purposes .
before it makes a new rule , an exchange must [make sure] that the relevant rule is within the scope of any statutory controls that apply to it , and covered by the exchange 's own objects and purposes .

New contractual rules , and any changes in those rules , should be communicated or published to the membership to ensure that they are binding .
new contractual rules , and any changes in those rules , should be communicated or published to the membership to [make sure] that they are binding .

If you have not undertaken much personal injury litigation in your firm before , also ensure that a specialist secretary is employed by way of support .
if you have not undertaken much personal injury litigation in your firm before , also [make sure] that a specialist secretary is employed by way of support .

Practice Rule 15 ( 2 ) ( a ) says , however , `` Every solicitor in private practice shall , unless it is inappropriate in the circumstances ensure that clients know the name and status of the person responsible for the day to day conduct of the matter and the principal responsible for its overall supervision `` .
practice rule 15 ( 2 ) ( a ) says , however , `` every solicitor in private practice shall , unless it is inappropriate in the circumstances [make sure] that clients know the name and status of the person responsible for the day to day conduct of the matter and the principal responsible for its overall supervision `` .

If cases are not computerised ensure that every department has a list of the firm 's major clients which is kept in a secure place .
if cases are not computerised [make sure] that every department has a list of the firm 's major clients which is kept in a secure place .

Ensure that files are replaced quickly after typing .
[make sure] that files are replaced quickly after typing .

It is essential to ensure that research is not duplicated .
it is essential to [make sure] that research is not duplicated .

Ensure that an adequate system for taking backup files is established and maintained .
[make sure] that an adequate system for taking backup files is established and maintained .

Under either system you still need to ensure that the areas where the time was spent are adequately recorded on the file itself .
under either system you still need to [make sure] that the areas where the time was spent are adequately recorded on the file itself .

Get together and ensure that there is an agreed approach to be put to the local courts .
get together and [make sure] that there is an agreed approach to be put to the local courts .

The rule , Rule 15 ( Client Care ) , and the Law Society guide that interprets it , is intended to ensure that the client is properly informed at all times , as to who is dealing with the matter , as to the available complaints procedure and as to how the action is progressing .
the rule , rule 15 ( client care ) , and the law society guide that interprets it , is intended to [make sure] that the client is properly informed at all times , as to who is dealing with the matter , as to the available complaints procedure and as to how the action is progressing .

The client does not know what to expect and it is your responsibility to ensure that he or she does not waste time trying to contact you at inappropriate times .
the client does not know what to expect and it is your responsibility to [make sure] that he or she does not waste time trying to contact you at inappropriate times .

This is to ensure that you and your client , as well as the court , can understand the report .
this is to [make sure] that you and your client , as well as the court , can understand the report .

The plaintiff should be asked for their views on the treatment received to ensure that there are no areas which may involve allegations of medical negligence .
the plaintiff should be asked for their views on the treatment received to [make sure] that there are no areas which may involve allegations of medical negligence .

The strategy must be to seek to ensure that the defendants bear the costs , at the end of every successful case , of every application for inspection made in the face of an unreasonable refusal of access .
the strategy must be to seek to [make sure] that the defendants bear the costs , at the end of every successful case , of every application for inspection made in the face of an unreasonable refusal of access .

The following checklist raises issues that must be addressed to ensure that witnesses and their evidence are properly handled .
the following checklist raises issues that must be addressed to [make sure] that witnesses and their evidence are properly handled .

( 3 ) Have you done all that you can to ensure that the witness is put to as little trouble and expense as possible ?
( 3 ) have you done all that you can to [make sure] that the witness is put to as little trouble and expense as possible ?

Its two most recent decisions on the Government 's power to restrain publications by former Crown servants — Spycatcher and the Cavendish Memoirs — were marked by references to the Convention and by an obvious desire manifested by most of the judges to ensure that both the law they were declaring and the decision they were taking in accordance with it would be seen to comply with Article 10 .
its two most recent decisions on the government 's power to restrain publications by former crown servants — spycatcher and the cavendish memoirs — were marked by references to the convention and by an obvious desire manifested by most of the judges to [make sure] that both the law they were declaring and the decision they were taking in accordance with it would be seen to comply with article 10 .

It is not binding on the courts , although it remains a treaty obligation for the Government to ensure that the law conforms with it .
it is not binding on the courts , although it remains a treaty obligation for the government to [make sure] that the law conforms with it .

Where that information relates to national security , all that the Government has to show is that publication might cause some injury to the national interest — a test which would ensure that the British equivalent of the Pentagon Papers would never see the light of day .
where that information relates to national security , all that the government has to show is that publication might cause some injury to the national interest — a test which would [make sure] that the british equivalent of the pentagon papers would never see the light of day .

In this atmosphere , it was understandable that commercial television should be placed under the close scrutiny of a licensing body , empowered by what is now s4 ( 1 ) of the Broadcasting Act 1981 to ensure : ( a ) that nothing is included in the programmes which offends against good taste or decency or is likely to encourage or incite to crime or to lead to disorder or to be offensive to public feeling … ( b ) that due impartiality is preserved on the part of persons providing the programmes as respects matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy .
in this atmosphere , it was understandable that commercial television should be placed under the close scrutiny of a licensing body , empowered by what is now s4 ( 1 ) of the broadcasting act 1981 to [make sure] : ( a ) that nothing is included in the programmes which offends against good taste or decency or is likely to encourage or incite to crime or to lead to disorder or to be offensive to public feeling … ( b ) that due impartiality is preserved on the part of persons providing the programmes as respects matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy .

The European Convention , trial by jury , the openness of courts , the remnants of the rule against prior restraint , the absence of laws permitting direct government interference , and the `` public interest `` role of the Attorney-General , at least ensure that the British media enjoy relative freedom from censorship by comparison with third world countries .
the european convention , trial by jury , the openness of courts , the remnants of the rule against prior restraint , the absence of laws permitting direct government interference , and the `` public interest `` role of the attorney-general , at least [make sure] that the british media enjoy relative freedom from censorship by comparison with third world countries .

An ideal law would ensure both the speedy correction of false statements and the protection of the expression of honest opinion .
an ideal law would [make sure] both the speedy correction of false statements and the protection of the expression of honest opinion .

This rule is the bane of fiction writers , who must take special care to ensure that the more villainous characters in their plots can not be mistaken for living persons .
this rule is the bane of fiction writers , who must take special care to [make sure] that the more villainous characters in their plots can not be mistaken for living persons .

Authors who employ fictional characters with realistic status or occupations should check available sources to ensure their characters could not be confused with persons of the same name and position .
authors who employ fictional characters with realistic status or occupations should check available sources to [make sure] their characters could not be confused with persons of the same name and position .

Editors and journalists employed on journals published by these organisations are therefore at great financial risk , and should ensure that their contracts of employment indemnify them against costs and damages which may accrue from libel actions , which are often brought by opponents of their employer 's policies .
editors and journalists employed on journals published by these organisations are therefore at great financial risk , and should [make sure] that their contracts of employment indemnify them against costs and damages which may accrue from libel actions , which are often brought by opponents of their employer 's policies .

Reliance is placed upon the statutory duty of the Independent Broadcasting Authority to ensure that nothing is transmitted on the commercial airwaves which is in bad taste or is likely to prove offensive to public feeling .
reliance is placed upon the statutory duty of the independent broadcasting authority to [make sure] that nothing is transmitted on the commercial airwaves which is in bad taste or is likely to prove offensive to public feeling .

These statutory provisions ensure that the publication in question is judged by its impact on its primary audience — those people who , the evidence suggests , would be likely to seek it out and to pay the asking-price to read it .
these statutory provisions [make sure] that the publication in question is judged by its impact on its primary audience — those people who , the evidence suggests , would be likely to seek it out and to pay the asking-price to read it .

Attempts have been made to control parasitic bronchitis by grazing systems designed to ensure that young susceptible cattle are not exposed to large numbers of infective larvae .
attempts have been made to control parasitic bronchitis by grazing systems designed to [make sure] that young susceptible cattle are not exposed to large numbers of infective larvae .

If the disease is severe , it is advisable to give parenteral iron and to ensure that the dog has a protein-rich-diet .
if the disease is severe , it is advisable to give parenteral iron and to [make sure] that the dog has a protein-rich-diet .

With a final darting glance to ensure that her appearance was in order she made her way as nervously downstairs as if it had been she herself about to marry .
with a final darting glance to [make sure] that her appearance was in order she made her way as nervously downstairs as if it had been she herself about to marry .

However , the file must be closed in order to ensure that all the data written to it is physically written away to the file .
however , the file must be closed in order to [make sure] that all the data written to it is physically written away to the file .

Real power remained in the hands of the union delegations but it now became possible for the local parties to ensure that their opinions were more effectively voiced .
real power remained in the hands of the union delegations but it now became possible for the local parties to [make sure] that their opinions were more effectively voiced .

He paused just long enough to ensure he had her full attention before going on to deliver his thuderbolt .
he paused just long enough to [make sure] he had her full attention before going on to deliver his thuderbolt .

And Guido was putting in long hours to ensure that he did win .
and guido was putting in long hours to [make sure] that he did win .

The main aim of all the above would be to ensure that using a microcomputer as a tool becomes as natural as using a telephone or a typewriter .
the main aim of all the above would be to [make sure] that using a microcomputer as a tool becomes as natural as using a telephone or a typewriter .

Option 7 allows the user to change data disks but the librarian must ensure that this option is chosen before the old data disk is removed from the disk drive .
option 7 allows the user to change data disks but the librarian must [make sure] that this option is chosen before the old data disk is removed from the disk drive .

Option 8 is used to leave the program and must be selected to ensure that all the data is safely stored .
option 8 is used to leave the program and must be selected to [make sure] that all the data is safely stored .

If users have little experience of using videocassette recorders or tape-slide equipment , a decision may have to be made on whether to ignore sources such as videocassettes or tape-slide sets which may be relevant to the database or to include such materials but ensure that help and guidance are available when the equipment is needed .
if users have little experience of using videocassette recorders or tape-slide equipment , a decision may have to be made on whether to ignore sources such as videocassettes or tape-slide sets which may be relevant to the database or to include such materials but [make sure] that help and guidance are available when the equipment is needed .

The school library is a major part of the information environment in the school and the school librarian , in her/his neutral position , can ensure that Prestel is used across the curriculum and not only in one subject area .
the school library is a major part of the information environment in the school and the school librarian , in her/his neutral position , can [make sure] that prestel is used across the curriculum and not only in one subject area .

In terms of examinations , school librarians and teachers have aware of examination requirements and ensure that the soft chosen for part of any course fits into the examination required as laid down by examination boards .
in terms of examinations , school librarians and teachers have aware of examination requirements and [make sure] that the soft chosen for part of any course fits into the examination required as laid down by examination boards .

The school librarian may be the person controls the acquisition and borrowing of software and therefore a responsibility to ensure that software which is borrowed is not copied in school , as this could lead to prosecution .
the school librarian may be the person controls the acquisition and borrowing of software and therefore a responsibility to [make sure] that software which is borrowed is not copied in school , as this could lead to prosecution .

As with the selection of other materials combination of the teacher 's subject knowledge and awareness subject curricular needs and the school librarian 's bibliographic knowledge and awareness of cross-curricular resource needs s ) ensure that software which is purchased should be relevant 1 pupils .
as with the selection of other materials combination of the teacher 's subject knowledge and awareness subject curricular needs and the school librarian 's bibliographic knowledge and awareness of cross-curricular resource needs s ) [make sure] that software which is purchased should be relevant 1 pupils .

Thus the production of a death certificate , decree absolute or other court order should ensure the cancellation of the land charge ( s5 ( 1 ) ) or notice .
thus the production of a death certificate , decree absolute or other court order should [make sure] the cancellation of the land charge ( s5 ( 1 ) ) or notice .

This should ensure an adherence to a timetable which otherwise might be lacking in the case of an agreement between the parties not supported by a binding contract .
this should [make sure] an adherence to a timetable which otherwise might be lacking in the case of an agreement between the parties not supported by a binding contract .

Such an order may be made so as to ensure that there is a home for the children of the marriage .
such an order may be made so as to [make sure] that there is a home for the children of the marriage .

The declaration of trust referred to in the previous section should contain not only the trusts upon which the former matrimonial home is held but in addition clauses relating to : ( i ) Repairs — Outside trustees will particularly wish to ensure that they are under no obligation to see to the maintenance and repair of the property , and under no liability in respect of lack of maintenance and repair ( see p95 ) .
the declaration of trust referred to in the previous section should contain not only the trusts upon which the former matrimonial home is held but in addition clauses relating to : ( i ) repairs — outside trustees will particularly wish to [make sure] that they are under no obligation to see to the maintenance and repair of the property , and under no liability in respect of lack of maintenance and repair ( see p95 ) .

‘ And that 's why you go to such lengths to ensure you research your subject even down to the fact of their star sign ? ’
‘ and that 's why you go to such lengths to [make sure] you research your subject even down to the fact of their star sign ? ’

Care has been taken to ensure that wherever costs were classified as inputs , they were external , particularly where some of the same functions were also carried out internally .
care has been taken to [make sure] that wherever costs were classified as inputs , they were external , particularly where some of the same functions were also carried out internally .

Sleek exterior styling and a smooth underbody ensure excellent aerodynamics — a Cd of between 0.28 and 0.30 depending on derivative .
sleek exterior styling and a smooth underbody [make sure] excellent aerodynamics — a cd of between 0.28 and 0.30 depending on derivative .

Re-designed suspension both front and rear , together with pendulum engine mounts ensure a smooth and quiet ride for Safrane 's occupants .
re-designed suspension both front and rear , together with pendulum engine mounts [make sure] a smooth and quiet ride for safrane 's occupants .

Essentially this asks statutory undertakers ‘ to ensure that both planning authorities and the public know of proposals for permitted development that are likely to affect them significantly before the proposals are finalised ’ .
essentially this asks statutory undertakers ‘ to [make sure] that both planning authorities and the public know of proposals for permitted development that are likely to affect them significantly before the proposals are finalised ’ .

Thus it is a general policy to ensure that mineral working is carried on ‘ with proper regard for the appearance and other amenities of the area ’ , and that when the working is finished the land should ( wherever practicable ) not be left derelict but ‘ restored or otherwise treated with a view of bringing it back to some form of beneficial use ’ .
thus it is a general policy to [make sure] that mineral working is carried on ‘ with proper regard for the appearance and other amenities of the area ’ , and that when the working is finished the land should ( wherever practicable ) not be left derelict but ‘ restored or otherwise treated with a view of bringing it back to some form of beneficial use ’ .

Because of the national need for minerals , planning authorities have been strongly advised by the DoE to pay attention to economic considerations : ‘ a fundamental concern of planning policy must be to ensure a free flow of mineral products at economic cost .
because of the national need for minerals , planning authorities have been strongly advised by the doe to pay attention to economic considerations : ‘ a fundamental concern of planning policy must be to [make sure] a free flow of mineral products at economic cost .

In particular to ensure that land that is restored to agriculture , forestry or amenity uses can be managed in a suitable way for a period after the restoration itself is complete to ensure that it returns to a proper level of productivity by an ‘ after-care ’ condition .
in particular to [make sure] that land that is restored to agriculture , forestry or amenity uses can be managed in a suitable way for a period after the restoration itself is complete to [make sure] that it returns to a proper level of productivity by an ‘ after-care ’ condition .

To ensure that a site is used only for holidays ( and not for ‘ residential purposes ’ ) , planning permission can include a condition limiting the use of a site to the holiday season .
to [make sure] that a site is used only for holidays ( and not for ‘ residential purposes ’ ) , planning permission can include a condition limiting the use of a site to the holiday season .

Additionally , he noted that ‘ many people feel that the system has not done enough to protect what is good in an environment or to ensure that new development is of a sufficiently high quality ’ .
additionally , he noted that ‘ many people feel that the system has not done enough to protect what is good in an environment or to [make sure] that new development is of a sufficiently high quality ’ .

More generally , the emphasis was on securing a ‘ speeding up of the system ’ and ‘ to ensure that development is only prevented or restricted when this serves a clear planning purpose and the economic effects have been taken into account ’ .
more generally , the emphasis was on securing a ‘ speeding up of the system ’ and ‘ to [make sure] that development is only prevented or restricted when this serves a clear planning purpose and the economic effects have been taken into account ’ .

Owners had ( by law ) to ensure , for example , that their properties were in good sanitary condition , that new buildings conformed to certain building standards , that streets were of a minimum width , and so on .
owners had ( by law ) to [make sure] , for example , that their properties were in good sanitary condition , that new buildings conformed to certain building standards , that streets were of a minimum width , and so on .

Though the commission could buy by agreement it had to have effective powers of compulsory purchase if it was ‘ to ensure that the right land is made available at the right time ’ .
though the commission could buy by agreement it had to have effective powers of compulsory purchase if it was ‘ to [make sure] that the right land is made available at the right time ’ .

The commission 's role was to ensure that land allocated for development was in fact developed , by channelling it to those who would develop it .
the commission 's role was to [make sure] that land allocated for development was in fact developed , by channelling it to those who would develop it .

The purpose of this charge is to ensure that land with planning permission for housing is developed promptly , and to penalise the speculative hoarding of such land .
the purpose of this charge is to [make sure] that land with planning permission for housing is developed promptly , and to penalise the speculative hoarding of such land .

In exhorting local authorities to ensure that there is sufficient land for housebuilding ( and that adequate consultations are maintained with the industry ) , emphasis is now being placed on five-year supply' periods .
in exhorting local authorities to [make sure] that there is sufficient land for housebuilding ( and that adequate consultations are maintained with the industry ) , emphasis is now being placed on five-year supply' periods .

The 1976 DoE circular on the safeguarding of agricultural land defined the general policy as being ‘ to ensure that , as far as possible , land of a higher agricultural quality is not taken for development where land of a lower quality is available , and that the amount of land taken should be no greater than is reasonably required for carrying out the development in accordance with proper standards ’ .
the 1976 doe circular on the safeguarding of agricultural land defined the general policy as being ‘ to [make sure] that , as far as possible , land of a higher agricultural quality is not taken for development where land of a lower quality is available , and that the amount of land taken should be no greater than is reasonably required for carrying out the development in accordance with proper standards ’ .

Because of the shortage of such funds , it is essential to arrive at methods for their use that ensure that as far as possible :
because of the shortage of such funds , it is essential to arrive at methods for their use that [make sure] that as far as possible :

Local planning authorities are now required to ensure that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .
local planning authorities are now required to [make sure] that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .

‘ That will ensure she gets bad notices , ’ said Stefan gloomily .
‘ that will [make sure] she gets bad notices , ’ said stefan gloomily .

Monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( Freeman , 1978 ) .
monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to [make sure] continuous monitoring ( freeman , 1978 ) .

The person may then use psychological strategies such as a sequence of self-statements to change the way he perceives the stressor and ensure that thoughts and images are less anxiety provoking ( Jaremko , 1983 ) .
the person may then use psychological strategies such as a sequence of self-statements to change the way he perceives the stressor and [make sure] that thoughts and images are less anxiety provoking ( jaremko , 1983 ) .

It might be possible to reduce risk if care was taken to ensure that , say , their landlady or employer was prepared to deal constructively with difficulties that arose , perhaps by involving a community psychiatric nurse as mediator .
it might be possible to reduce risk if care was taken to [make sure] that , say , their landlady or employer was prepared to deal constructively with difficulties that arose , perhaps by involving a community psychiatric nurse as mediator .

Financial intermediaries also ensure that projects that are potentially profitable will be able to obtain finance .
financial intermediaries also [make sure] that projects that are potentially profitable will be able to obtain finance .

It must ensure that the banking system is stable and that therefore banks have adequate liquidity .
it must [make sure] that the banking system is stable and that therefore banks have adequate liquidity .

Demand and supply will ensure that the rate of discount will reflect market rates of interest .
demand and supply will [make sure] that the rate of discount will reflect market rates of interest .

It is always prepared to lend to the discount houses in the last resort in order to ensure adequate liquidity in the economy .
it is always prepared to lend to the discount houses in the last resort in order to [make sure] adequate liquidity in the economy .

This involves setting targets for money supply into the future , and then using monetary policy to ensure that these targets are met .
this involves setting targets for money supply into the future , and then using monetary policy to [make sure] that these targets are met .

When making royal icing , ensure that your equipment is clean and completely grease-free , as even the slightest trace of egg yolk or oil will prevent the mixture from becoming properly aerated .
when making royal icing , [make sure] that your equipment is clean and completely grease-free , as even the slightest trace of egg yolk or oil will prevent the mixture from becoming properly aerated .

You do not need to line tins for Victoria sponge cake as it is so light , but a circle or square of paper cut to fit the bottom of the tin will ensure an easy turn-out .
you do not need to line tins for victoria sponge cake as it is so light , but a circle or square of paper cut to fit the bottom of the tin will [make sure] an easy turn-out .

( The cocktail stick is used to ensure that only the amount of colour needed is applied — it is easy to overdo it .
( the cocktail stick is used to [make sure] that only the amount of colour needed is applied — it is easy to overdo it .

‘ the profession must ensure that sole practices are protected against its short comings and sole practitioners should support the new proposals for their own professional and business survival ’ . Other opinions on this subject included the following :
‘ the profession must [make sure] that sole practices are protected against its short comings and sole practitioners should support the new proposals for their own professional and business survival ’ . other opinions on this subject included the following :

Law Society approved profit and loss sheets should be issued and it should be the responsibility of the reporting accountant to ensure that these have been completed by firms ;
law society approved profit and loss sheets should be issued and it should be the responsibility of the reporting accountant to [make sure] that these have been completed by firms ;

This approach , according to the Council for Licensed Conveyancers , would ensure that the interests of mortgagees were adequately safeguarded .
this approach , according to the council for licensed conveyancers , would [make sure] that the interests of mortgagees were adequately safeguarded .

Adhesive joints are reinforced by spot welds to improve stiffness and ensure accuracy of panel fit .
adhesive joints are reinforced by spot welds to improve stiffness and [make sure] accuracy of panel fit .

Underbonnet Protection — Every underbonnet component is protected by a zinc/chrome/nickel layer , along with a wax spray applied after assembly and an oil-based protective coating on the exterior of the engine to ensure no damage occurs before delivery .
underbonnet protection — every underbonnet component is protected by a zinc/chrome/nickel layer , along with a wax spray applied after assembly and an oil-based protective coating on the exterior of the engine to [make sure] no damage occurs before delivery .

With this it is possible to control the emission control equipment and ensure peak efficiency thanks to cylinder-by-cylinder knock sensing .
with this it is possible to control the emission control equipment and [make sure] peak efficiency thanks to cylinder-by-cylinder knock sensing .

Not only does this ensure rapid response and lower noise levels ; it also means that the heating and ventilation work when the Clio is at a standstill .
not only does this [make sure] rapid response and lower noise levels ; it also means that the heating and ventilation work when the clio is at a standstill .

Again , the male adults of certain danaids ingest material from withered Asclepiadaceae and Apocynaceae before mating and without this their pheromone systems are unable to function adequately to ensure successful mating ; the dihydropyrrolizidines in their odour is similar to the heterocyclic moieties of the plants ' pyrrolizidine alkaloids .
again , the male adults of certain danaids ingest material from withered asclepiadaceae and apocynaceae before mating and without this their pheromone systems are unable to function adequately to [make sure] successful mating ; the dihydropyrrolizidines in their odour is similar to the heterocyclic moieties of the plants ' pyrrolizidine alkaloids .

( Attempts by the Arts Council of Great Britain to ensure that a percentage of certain grants are spent on ‘ ethnic ’ projects have produced little result in this field . )
( attempts by the arts council of great britain to [make sure] that a percentage of certain grants are spent on ‘ ethnic ’ projects have produced little result in this field . )

Our new guidelines will also say that we must be careful to ensure our programmes do not perpetuate myths , reinforce stereotypes or cause offence to particular groups or minorities .
our new guidelines will also say that we must be careful to [make sure] our programmes do not perpetuate myths , reinforce stereotypes or cause offence to particular groups or minorities .

So our job is to ensure our journalism is wide-ranging — in terms of where we have correspondents at home and abroad — in terms of the subjects we cover — in terms of the diversity of voice and views we broadcast .
so our job is to [make sure] our journalism is wide-ranging — in terms of where we have correspondents at home and abroad — in terms of the subjects we cover — in terms of the diversity of voice and views we broadcast .

We must ensure we have money and people to cover those stories that are significant , but may be less dramatic .
we must [make sure] we have money and people to cover those stories that are significant , but may be less dramatic .

In addition we will continue to mount major specials to ensure the big issues of the day are thoroughly explained and debated .
in addition we will continue to mount major specials to [make sure] the big issues of the day are thoroughly explained and debated .

They have a vital role to ensure all the major strands of thought , of opinion , of policy are fairly covered .
they have a vital role to [make sure] all the major strands of thought , of opinion , of policy are fairly covered .

Our ambition is also to ensure that the big questions and the difficult questions are asked across a range of issues .
our ambition is also to [make sure] that the big questions and the difficult questions are asked across a range of issues .

We must ensure the British public is brought up-to-date with the issues , events , stories of our time .
we must [make sure] the british public is brought up-to-date with the issues , events , stories of our time .

But beyond Europe we need to ensure that we are telling people about , for example , the problems of sub-Saharan Africa .
but beyond europe we need to [make sure] that we are telling people about , for example , the problems of sub-saharan africa .

Sister relayed the situation to the rest of the staff , to ensure their discretion .
sister relayed the situation to the rest of the staff , to [make sure] their discretion .

He had made this clause to ensure Jamie did not find himself in Charles 's power as he grew up .
he had made this clause to [make sure] jamie did not find himself in charles 's power as he grew up .

’ That should ensure her safety , since the disc jockey inevitably stuck to the same pattern of fast music at this stage of the evening , keeping the slow , romantic records for the end of the night .
’ that should [make sure] her safety , since the disc jockey inevitably stuck to the same pattern of fast music at this stage of the evening , keeping the slow , romantic records for the end of the night .

The one , that , even while giving her a verbal warning about her work , he had handed her a very important file to work on — albeit only to ensure she had little time for anything else — must mean that he had received good reports on her ability .
the one , that , even while giving her a verbal warning about her work , he had handed her a very important file to work on — albeit only to [make sure] she had little time for anything else — must mean that he had received good reports on her ability .

Oh , the patient looked a mess , but Kath had seen the enormous care that had gone into the alignment of each suture , the meticulous attention not only to the innumerable tiny little muscle fibres , nerves and blood vessels but to laughter lines and wrinkles to ensure that the tissues were realigned as closely as possible to their original position .
oh , the patient looked a mess , but kath had seen the enormous care that had gone into the alignment of each suture , the meticulous attention not only to the innumerable tiny little muscle fibres , nerves and blood vessels but to laughter lines and wrinkles to [make sure] that the tissues were realigned as closely as possible to their original position .

‘ It 's the only way anyone could ensure they 'd be virgins ! ’
‘ it 's the only way anyone could [make sure] they 'd be virgins ! ’

She stopped dead , unable to prise out the words which could jeopardise the life that she and Thomas shared , which could wreck the child 's emotional stability she had worked so hard to ensure , which could take him away .
she stopped dead , unable to prise out the words which could jeopardise the life that she and thomas shared , which could wreck the child 's emotional stability she had worked so hard to [make sure] , which could take him away .

The effective management of the information at the time of creation is vital to ensure both that the successive teams do not ‘ re-invent the wheel ’ and that the corporate memory does not suffer .
the effective management of the information at the time of creation is vital to [make sure] both that the successive teams do not ‘ re-invent the wheel ’ and that the corporate memory does not suffer .

At best , our record will be created using a pre-structured format which helps the user to ensure that the information needed to optimise the use of the information through its life cycle is captured as part of the creation process .
at best , our record will be created using a pre-structured format which helps the user to [make sure] that the information needed to optimise the use of the information through its life cycle is captured as part of the creation process .

It is necessary to ensure that the access arrangements complement what your strategy is trying to achieve .
it is necessary to [make sure] that the access arrangements complement what your strategy is trying to achieve .

It is important that this works well for records to ensure retrieval across media and different sources and is not derived from data management methodologies alone .
it is important that this works well for records to [make sure] retrieval across media and different sources and is not derived from data management methodologies alone .

It can potentially be used as a tool to ensure the effective utilisation of information resources across information types and organisational peculiarities .
it can potentially be used as a tool to [make sure] the effective utilisation of information resources across information types and organisational peculiarities .

Can we persuade departments of the need to ensure that creation of such directories is mapped , and that the terms of reference and composition of working groups which created them are adequately documented ?
can we persuade departments of the need to [make sure] that creation of such directories is mapped , and that the terms of reference and composition of working groups which created them are adequately documented ?

We are seeking to ensure the public 's legal access to what is going on — and to protect the rights of the individual .
we are seeking to [make sure] the public 's legal access to what is going on — and to protect the rights of the individual .

It is one of the functions of a Town Hall to ensure a two-way flow of information .
it is one of the functions of a town hall to [make sure] a two-way flow of information .

the creation of a flexible electronic archive to service the increasingly diverse roles of the authority , and ensure there is a clearly signposted point from where public enquiries can be answered ;
the creation of a flexible electronic archive to service the increasingly diverse roles of the authority , and [make sure] there is a clearly signposted point from where public enquiries can be answered ;

They need good records management just like other records and it will take the form of written definitions , guidelines , training and education programmes to ensure that the users — the interface to these record — know their responsibility and how to carry it out .
they need good records management just like other records and it will take the form of written definitions , guidelines , training and education programmes to [make sure] that the users — the interface to these record — know their responsibility and how to carry it out .

[ 5 ] Engineering instinct favours retaining the medium and format of issue to ensure compatibility with the original hardware .
[ 5 ] engineering instinct favours retaining the medium and format of issue to [make sure] compatibility with the original hardware .

Legal requirements need to be considered during the implementation of electronic documentation systems to ensure legal security .
legal requirements need to be considered during the implementation of electronic documentation systems to [make sure] legal security .

Organisations , whether operating in a paper or electronic environment , need to ensure that adequate record-keeping procedures are established for a range of complementary reasons :
organisations , whether operating in a paper or electronic environment , need to [make sure] that adequate record-keeping procedures are established for a range of complementary reasons :

Organisations therefore need to ensure adequate procedures are in place to enable such maintenance , including the retention of such items as the computer programs , manuals and instructions in use when the record was originally stored .
organisations therefore need to [make sure] adequate procedures are in place to enable such maintenance , including the retention of such items as the computer programs , manuals and instructions in use when the record was originally stored .

Such confusion could mean the introduction of over-complex audit practices by companies wishing to ensure that the court will accept the admissibility of their records .
such confusion could mean the introduction of over-complex audit practices by companies wishing to [make sure] that the court will accept the admissibility of their records .

The principles were originally developed in the 1972 Younger Report , which argued that the government should ensure that private sector data users comply with ten principles of good data processing .
the principles were originally developed in the 1972 younger report , which argued that the government should [make sure] that private sector data users comply with ten principles of good data processing .

To achieve legal security , organisations need to ensure that such requirements are incorporated during the implementation of such systems .
to achieve legal security , organisations need to [make sure] that such requirements are incorporated during the implementation of such systems .

Finally , we need to ensure that the creators of machine-readable data upon whom we will increasingly rely adopt standard practices .
finally , we need to [make sure] that the creators of machine-readable data upon whom we will increasingly rely adopt standard practices .

To ensure the best and most appropriate access to that information , historians might be advised once again to pursue collaborative initiatives with scholars in other disciplines who will also rely as heavily upon such materials .
to [make sure] the best and most appropriate access to that information , historians might be advised once again to pursue collaborative initiatives with scholars in other disciplines who will also rely as heavily upon such materials .

Indeed the commercial aspirations of publishers are precisely to ensure additionality , not direct substitution for print in their pricing and packaging structures .
indeed the commercial aspirations of publishers are precisely to [make sure] additionality , not direct substitution for print in their pricing and packaging structures .

Whatever the structure , it will be increasingly important for the institution to take a strategic view of its information requirements and the supporting technological structure , as well as for the library to ensure that it plays a leading role in any new arrangement .
whatever the structure , it will be increasingly important for the institution to take a strategic view of its information requirements and the supporting technological structure , as well as for the library to [make sure] that it plays a leading role in any new arrangement .

Such developments would seem to offer an opportunity for libraries , archives , and museums to work together , drawing on their range of experience to ensure that new designs and software development meets the needs of humanities scholars .
such developments would seem to offer an opportunity for libraries , archives , and museums to work together , drawing on their range of experience to [make sure] that new designs and software development meets the needs of humanities scholars .

Practically the two extremes may be reconciled through more initial effort in training to ensure user understanding of the range of information sources , combined with more indepth support from ‘ database or information surfers ’ ( navigators ) , targeting particular subject groups to optimise their exploitation of this increasingly complex information environment .
practically the two extremes may be reconciled through more initial effort in training to [make sure] user understanding of the range of information sources , combined with more indepth support from ‘ database or information surfers ’ ( navigators ) , targeting particular subject groups to optimise their exploitation of this increasingly complex information environment .

The British Library is beginning to consider its digitisation programme , and it is important to ensure a coordinated approach to choice of material to be digitised , including that of the major research libraries .
the british library is beginning to consider its digitisation programme , and it is important to [make sure] a coordinated approach to choice of material to be digitised , including that of the major research libraries .

Archives have an important role to ensure that strategic datasets , at the very least , continue to be deposited at low cost .
archives have an important role to [make sure] that strategic datasets , at the very least , continue to be deposited at low cost .

The value of archives is dependent upon the breadth and quality of their holdings but this is not sufficient to ensure that the data are used .
the value of archives is dependent upon the breadth and quality of their holdings but this is not sufficient to [make sure] that the data are used .

Consultation with secondary analysts and with the data generators is necessary in order to ensure that the documentation supports informed and responsible analysis of the data .
consultation with secondary analysts and with the data generators is necessary in order to [make sure] that the documentation supports informed and responsible analysis of the data .

particular activities ( such as training courses , specialist catalogues etc ) are required in order to ensure that possible users of the data can be made aware of their potential .
particular activities ( such as training courses , specialist catalogues etc ) are required in order to [make sure] that possible users of the data can be made aware of their potential .

How does one ensure that the history of their generation — who received them and when , and how they relate to other items of information — is fully documented ( Zweig 1992 ) ?
how does one [make sure] that the history of their generation — who received them and when , and how they relate to other items of information — is fully documented ( zweig 1992 ) ?

When Williams appeared to like the idea , Orton totally changed the part so that it could fit him , not so much like a glove , but like a well-crafted cabinet , one in which Ken could be displayed at his finest and with plenty of space to ensure that nothing got in his way .
when williams appeared to like the idea , orton totally changed the part so that it could fit him , not so much like a glove , but like a well-crafted cabinet , one in which ken could be displayed at his finest and with plenty of space to [make sure] that nothing got in his way .

‘ Monetary discipline ’ and ‘ public credibility ’ , key phrases in this approach , would ensure the most favourable backdrop for the private sector to get on with its proper business of creating and allocating wealth .
‘ monetary discipline ’ and ‘ public credibility ’ , key phrases in this approach , would [make sure] the most favourable backdrop for the private sector to get on with its proper business of creating and allocating wealth .

Their objective is , in many respects , similar to that of Alfred Marshall some eighty years earlier , namely to graft a theory of the cycle on to a theory of value which asserts that , in a competitive economy , the interaction between the forces of supply and demand will ensure that all markets clear .
their objective is , in many respects , similar to that of alfred marshall some eighty years earlier , namely to graft a theory of the cycle on to a theory of value which asserts that , in a competitive economy , the interaction between the forces of supply and demand will [make sure] that all markets clear .

This process will continue until a price level is reached which is so low as to make so high as to ensure that the effective labour demand function eventually coincides with the notional labour demand function .
this process will continue until a price level is reached which is so low as to make so high as to [make sure] that the effective labour demand function eventually coincides with the notional labour demand function .

1.62 As we have seen , when the defendant pays into court after making an interim payment , he must ensure that this notice of payment in states that the interim payment has been taken into account ( Ord 29 , r15 ) if he wants to put the plaintiff on risk for the aggregate of the two payments .
1.62 as we have seen , when the defendant pays into court after making an interim payment , he must [make sure] that this notice of payment in states that the interim payment has been taken into account ( ord 29 , r15 ) if he wants to put the plaintiff on risk for the aggregate of the two payments .

The preamble stresses that it is the responsibility of member states to ensure that contracts concluded with consumers do not contain unfair terms .
the preamble stresses that it is the responsibility of member states to [make sure] that contracts concluded with consumers do not contain unfair terms .

If the purchaser is to try to ensure that his is the last counter-offer , so that it will be accepted by the conduct of the seller , the device of sending back another acknowledgement does not work well in practice .
if the purchaser is to try to [make sure] that his is the last counter-offer , so that it will be accepted by the conduct of the seller , the device of sending back another acknowledgement does not work well in practice .

While the buyer is also anxious to ensure certainty , his desire is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible to ensure that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way .
while the buyer is also anxious to [make sure] certainty , his desire is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible to [make sure] that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way .

Many businessmen suppose that there is a general obligation on the seller ( in the absence of exclusion clauses to the contrary ) to ensure that the goods are fit for the purpose for which the buyer intends to use them .
many businessmen suppose that there is a general obligation on the seller ( in the absence of exclusion clauses to the contrary ) to [make sure] that the goods are fit for the purpose for which the buyer intends to use them .

Section 6 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 imposes liabilities on those who supply equipment for use at work to ensure that it is `` so far as reasonably practicable … safe and without risks to health when properly used `` .
section 6 of the health and safety at work act 1974 imposes liabilities on those who supply equipment for use at work to [make sure] that it is `` so far as reasonably practicable … safe and without risks to health when properly used `` .

3.5 You will ensure that in all respects ( except by way of design or specification where we have supplied the same ) the goods and/or the work comply with all relevant requirements of any statute , statutory rule or order , or other instrument having the force of law , which may be in force when the goods are delivered and/or the work performed as the case may be .
3.5 you will [make sure] that in all respects ( except by way of design or specification where we have supplied the same ) the goods and/or the work comply with all relevant requirements of any statute , statutory rule or order , or other instrument having the force of law , which may be in force when the goods are delivered and/or the work performed as the case may be .

Act 1974 , I/we [ ] of [ ] having agreed to purchase [ ] ( `` the Article `` ) for use at work , hereby undertake in accordance with the above Section that I/we will implement the Specified Steps as set out below in order to ensure , so far as reasonably practicable , that the Article will be safe and without risks to health when properly so used .
act 1974 , i/we [ ] of [ ] having agreed to purchase [ ] ( `` the article `` ) for use at work , hereby undertake in accordance with the above section that i/we will implement the specified steps as set out below in order to [make sure] , so far as reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly so used .

Where the continuity of management is broken , eg by holidays or illness , there is an obligation to make alternative arrangements to ensure adequate supervision .
where the continuity of management is broken , eg by holidays or illness , there is an obligation to make alternative arrangements to [make sure] adequate supervision .

Where steps are not taken to avoid such holding out , the salaried partner has the same professional responsibilities as a full partner to ensure that his firm complies with the Indemnity Insurance Rules ( under which salaried partners are treated as principals ) and the Accounts Rules ( see Chapter 12 ) ; and in theory the Inland Revenue could look to a salaried partner who is held out as a member of the firm for payment of income tax payable in respect of its profits , though in practice such a claim is unlikely .
where steps are not taken to avoid such holding out , the salaried partner has the same professional responsibilities as a full partner to [make sure] that his firm complies with the indemnity insurance rules ( under which salaried partners are treated as principals ) and the accounts rules ( see chapter 12 ) ; and in theory the inland revenue could look to a salaried partner who is held out as a member of the firm for payment of income tax payable in respect of its profits , though in practice such a claim is unlikely .

It follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .
it follows that a firm will need to [make sure] that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .

Firms are now required to set up an internal complaints procedure `` which shall , inter alia , ensure that clients are informed whom to approach in the event of any problem with the service provided `` ( Solicitors ' Practice Rule 15 and see Chapter 5 ) .
firms are now required to set up an internal complaints procedure `` which shall , inter alia , [make sure] that clients are informed whom to approach in the event of any problem with the service provided `` ( solicitors ' practice rule 15 and see chapter 5 ) .

In the absence of such agreement , the partners will be faced with the unattractive alternatives of : ( 1 ) concluding appropriate agreements ad hoc , quite possibly under the pressure of burgeoning dispute between the partners ; or ( 2 ) accepting regulation of the affairs of the firm under the Partnership Act which will ensure that where agreement proves impossible dissolution will follow .
in the absence of such agreement , the partners will be faced with the unattractive alternatives of : ( 1 ) concluding appropriate agreements ad hoc , quite possibly under the pressure of burgeoning dispute between the partners ; or ( 2 ) accepting regulation of the affairs of the firm under the partnership act which will [make sure] that where agreement proves impossible dissolution will follow .

The partners should not , however , fail to reconsider the principal agreement ( and any earlier supplemental agreements ) at the same time , for that is the only way to ensure consistency between all documents .
the partners should not , however , fail to reconsider the principal agreement ( and any earlier supplemental agreements ) at the same time , for that is the only way to [make sure] consistency between all documents .

In the case of partnership premises it is desirable to ensure that the four partners chosen to go on the title are specifically declared to hold their interest ( freehold or leasehold ) on trust for the firm .
in the case of partnership premises it is desirable to [make sure] that the four partners chosen to go on the title are specifically declared to hold their interest ( freehold or leasehold ) on trust for the firm .

It is important to ensure that only current partners appear as lessees/trustees of partnership premises , if only to avoid any possibility that a retired partner who has not been duly replaced on the title could be regarded as still being held out as a member of the firm .
it is important to [make sure] that only current partners appear as lessees/trustees of partnership premises , if only to avoid any possibility that a retired partner who has not been duly replaced on the title could be regarded as still being held out as a member of the firm .

The agreement ( Clause 11 ) will specifically impose on the partners an obligation to do all things necessary to ensure that the firm 's books are in order and that all proper information is available for the firm 's accountants .
the agreement ( clause 11 ) will specifically impose on the partners an obligation to do all things necessary to [make sure] that the firm 's books are in order and that all proper information is available for the firm 's accountants .

By far the most effective arrangements presently available are those which : ( 1 ) provide for the continuing partners to have the option to acquire the share in the firm of an outgoing partner ( which overcomes the tax problems noted in Chapter 10 and offers some desirable freedom of manoeuvre to the continuing partners without ordinarily causing any disadvantage to the outgoing partner ) ; ( 2 ) finance the purchase of the share of a partner who dies before retirement by way of insurance effected on the lives of each of the partners the proceeds of which are declared to be held on trust for the partners for the time being ; ( 3 ) finance by endowment insurance the purchase of the shares of partners whose retirement can be predicted ; ( 4 ) ensure that in any case which is not or can not be sufficiently covered by available insurance ( eg payments to a partner who is expelled or who otherwise leaves the firm before normal retirement date ) payment of any capital sum is spread over a period so to reduce the burden on the continuing partners without imposing any great hardship on the outgoing partner or his estate ; and ( 5 ) impose on each partner an obligation ( Clause 14.02 ) to take out adequate ( as discussed with all the partners from time to time ) retirement provision for the benefit of himself and his familyso as not to impose any burden in that respect on the firm , which in former times would have accepted responsibility .
by far the most effective arrangements presently available are those which : ( 1 ) provide for the continuing partners to have the option to acquire the share in the firm of an outgoing partner ( which overcomes the tax problems noted in chapter 10 and offers some desirable freedom of manoeuvre to the continuing partners without ordinarily causing any disadvantage to the outgoing partner ) ; ( 2 ) finance the purchase of the share of a partner who dies before retirement by way of insurance effected on the lives of each of the partners the proceeds of which are declared to be held on trust for the partners for the time being ; ( 3 ) finance by endowment insurance the purchase of the shares of partners whose retirement can be predicted ; ( 4 ) [make sure] that in any case which is not or can not be sufficiently covered by available insurance ( eg payments to a partner who is expelled or who otherwise leaves the firm before normal retirement date ) payment of any capital sum is spread over a period so to reduce the burden on the continuing partners without imposing any great hardship on the outgoing partner or his estate ; and ( 5 ) impose on each partner an obligation ( clause 14.02 ) to take out adequate ( as discussed with all the partners from time to time ) retirement provision for the benefit of himself and his familyso as not to impose any burden in that respect on the firm , which in former times would have accepted responsibility .

If appropriate provision for expulsion is essential , it is as well also to consider the eventuality of partners leaving in less contentious circumstances , if only to ensure ( as considered above ) that the firm 's finances are so arranged as to be able to cope with both expected and unexpected departures .
if appropriate provision for expulsion is essential , it is as well also to consider the eventuality of partners leaving in less contentious circumstances , if only to [make sure] ( as considered above ) that the firm 's finances are so arranged as to be able to cope with both expected and unexpected departures .

( a ) Meetings and their conduct Whatever may have been agreed as to the taking of decisions by unanimous or majority vote , as much a matter of good management as of good faith is the need to ensure that all relevant information is given to all the partners before a vote is taken : the requisite majority of partners should not purport to take decisions and act on them behind the backs of the minority unless such has been expressly authorised or the need for immediate action precludes the convening of a partners ' meeting ; and even then there should be no delay before all partners are acquainted with the circumstances and invited to ratify any decision taken in their name .
( a ) meetings and their conduct whatever may have been agreed as to the taking of decisions by unanimous or majority vote , as much a matter of good management as of good faith is the need to [make sure] that all relevant information is given to all the partners before a vote is taken : the requisite majority of partners should not purport to take decisions and act on them behind the backs of the minority unless such has been expressly authorised or the need for immediate action precludes the convening of a partners ' meeting ; and even then there should be no delay before all partners are acquainted with the circumstances and invited to ratify any decision taken in their name .

These departments will needless to say be answerable direct to the main body of partners but , for administrative convenience an additional tier will usually be introduced in the form of a managing partner or a partners ' management committee as a more efficient method of control and a useful filter to ensure that the partners as a whole are spared the necessity of dealing with anything other than matters of real importance .
these departments will needless to say be answerable direct to the main body of partners but , for administrative convenience an additional tier will usually be introduced in the form of a managing partner or a partners ' management committee as a more efficient method of control and a useful filter to [make sure] that the partners as a whole are spared the necessity of dealing with anything other than matters of real importance .

Where committees are established to overcome this problem they will ordinarily meet as regularly as all the partners of a smaller firm to ensure continuous supervision of the firm 's business .
where committees are established to overcome this problem they will ordinarily meet as regularly as all the partners of a smaller firm to [make sure] continuous supervision of the firm 's business .

So also should steps be taken to ensure that the professional standards of members and employees are maintained .
so also should steps be taken to [make sure] that the professional standards of members and employees are maintained .

This will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with regulations regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the Solicitors Indemnity Fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .
this will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to [make sure] compliance with regulations regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the solicitors indemnity fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .

Even though the application of common sense will almost always ensure that no breach occurs , it will pay even small firms to detail one of the partners or a senior employee to vet all publicity material to ensure its compliance with these rules and regulations .
even though the application of common sense will almost always [make sure] that no breach occurs , it will pay even small firms to detail one of the partners or a senior employee to vet all publicity material to [make sure] its compliance with these rules and regulations .

Every new partner should ensure that his terms of partnership are reduced to writing .
every new partner should [make sure] that his terms of partnership are reduced to writing .

( a ) Supervision Where a new office of a firm is opened , save as a separate department in close proximity to the main office , arrangements will need to be made to ensure compliance with r13 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 relating to the supervision of the office ( see Chapter 1 ) .
( a ) supervision where a new office of a firm is opened , save as a separate department in close proximity to the main office , arrangements will need to be made to [make sure] compliance with r13 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 relating to the supervision of the office ( see chapter 1 ) .

The Solicitors ' Publicity Code ( see Chapter 12 ) also contains specific provisions for the control of " flag advertising " by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to ensure that the names of all firms involved are disclosed in the publicity material .
the solicitors ' publicity code ( see chapter 12 ) also contains specific provisions for the control of " flag advertising " by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to [make sure] that the names of all firms involved are disclosed in the publicity material .

Unless entry into partnership between firms is actually intended , steps should be taken to ensure that nothing is done which would create such relationship .
unless entry into partnership between firms is actually intended , steps should be taken to [make sure] that nothing is done which would create such relationship .

The continuing partners will also regard themselves as under a moral obligation ( quite apart from any annuity arrangements that may come into operation ) to the spouse and dependent children of their deceased colleague to ensure that such cash as may be due to his estate is paid over without undue delay .
the continuing partners will also regard themselves as under a moral obligation ( quite apart from any annuity arrangements that may come into operation ) to the spouse and dependent children of their deceased colleague to [make sure] that such cash as may be due to his estate is paid over without undue delay .

The problem here is not so much to prevent partners leaving before reaching retirement age ( any such general prohibition would be unrealistically restrictive in all but a few firms ) as to ensure that as little damage is done to the firm as possible when they do .
the problem here is not so much to prevent partners leaving before reaching retirement age ( any such general prohibition would be unrealistically restrictive in all but a few firms ) as to [make sure] that as little damage is done to the firm as possible when they do .

As a matter of drafting it is important to ensure that the grounds are treated as separate so that any one of which may be taken by the remaining partners as justifying the service of an expulsion notice .
as a matter of drafting it is important to [make sure] that the grounds are treated as separate so that any one of which may be taken by the remaining partners as justifying the service of an expulsion notice .

In this chapter the steps which need to be taken to ensure that the continuing partners are able to carry on the practice , beyond the basic declaration of intent ( Clause 4.02 ) , are considered in some detail .
in this chapter the steps which need to be taken to [make sure] that the continuing partners are able to carry on the practice , beyond the basic declaration of intent ( clause 4.02 ) , are considered in some detail .

The continuing partners will wish to ensure that the outgoing partner can not damage that goodwill .
the continuing partners will wish to [make sure] that the outgoing partner can not damage that goodwill .

This chapter : ( 1 ) explains the need to specify expert determination to ensure it will be applied ( 8.2 ) ; ( 2 ) lists the elements of an expert clause ( 8.3 ) ; ( 3 ) analyses each of those elements ( 8.4 – 8.16 ) ; and ( 4 ) shows how the court interprets badly drafted expert clauses ( 8.17 ) .
this chapter : ( 1 ) explains the need to specify expert determination to [make sure] it will be applied ( 8.2 ) ; ( 2 ) lists the elements of an expert clause ( 8.3 ) ; ( 3 ) analyses each of those elements ( 8.4 – 8.16 ) ; and ( 4 ) shows how the court interprets badly drafted expert clauses ( 8.17 ) .

An agreement to refer an issue to an expert need not be in writing , but modern commercial practice will ensure that oral agreements for expert determination are most unlikely .
an agreement to refer an issue to an expert need not be in writing , but modern commercial practice will [make sure] that oral agreements for expert determination are most unlikely .

The need to ensure that the expert has the power to award interest will arise in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) Does the issue referred to the expert include a claim for damages arising from some breach of contract that has already occurred ? ( 2 ) Is the issue the expert is called on to determine essentially what amount of money one side owes the other , and when that sum is payable ? ( 3 ) Is there likely to be a delay in obtaining the expert 's decision on the amount payable ?
the need to [make sure] that the expert has the power to award interest will arise in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) does the issue referred to the expert include a claim for damages arising from some breach of contract that has already occurred ? ( 2 ) is the issue the expert is called on to determine essentially what amount of money one side owes the other , and when that sum is payable ? ( 3 ) is there likely to be a delay in obtaining the expert 's decision on the amount payable ?

The provision in the expert clause of a person or institution to make the appointment where the parties can not agree avoids the risk of deadlock and should also help to ensure that a suitable person is appointed .
the provision in the expert clause of a person or institution to make the appointment where the parties can not agree avoids the risk of deadlock and should also help to [make sure] that a suitable person is appointed .

Care should be taken to ensure that the person or institution designated by the expert clause to take on this role is willing to do so .
care should be taken to [make sure] that the person or institution designated by the expert clause to take on this role is willing to do so .

Whatever procedure is followed must ensure that : ( 1 ) the expert has the basic information about the issue he is to decide and who he is to decide it between ; ( 2 ) the expert has a copy of the contract with the expert clause .
whatever procedure is followed must [make sure] that : ( 1 ) the expert has the basic information about the issue he is to decide and who he is to decide it between ; ( 2 ) the expert has a copy of the contract with the expert clause .

An expert who does not ensure that the question of fees and expenses is determined in advance might , if the question were subsequently disputed , have to sue both to establish the fact that he was owed money ( either as a matter of contract or quantum meruit ) and to justify the amount .
an expert who does not [make sure] that the question of fees and expenses is determined in advance might , if the question were subsequently disputed , have to sue both to establish the fact that he was owed money ( either as a matter of contract or quantum meruit ) and to justify the amount .

Accordingly , the draftsman should so far as possible ensure that the plan is accurate .
accordingly , the draftsman should so far as possible [make sure] that the plan is accurate .

But if the airspace is excluded from the demise , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant obtains a right to enter the airspace for the purpose of performing his covenants .
but if the airspace is excluded from the demise , the tenant 's adviser should [make sure] that the tenant obtains a right to enter the airspace for the purpose of performing his covenants .

Equally , the landlord may wish to ensure that a yard adjoining a building does not become obstructed by trade empties or unrestricted car parking .
equally , the landlord may wish to [make sure] that a yard adjoining a building does not become obstructed by trade empties or unrestricted car parking .

The tenant 's adviser should ensure that the landlord undertakes responsibility for the repair , maintenance and cleaning of the common parts .
the tenant 's adviser should [make sure] that the landlord undertakes responsibility for the repair , maintenance and cleaning of the common parts .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should [make sure] that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

On the one hand , if the landlord has redevelopment plans or if a higher rent could be achieved on a reletting of a greater part of the building , it will be in the landlord 's interest to ensure that all tenancies are expressed to expire on the same date .
on the one hand , if the landlord has redevelopment plans or if a higher rent could be achieved on a reletting of a greater part of the building , it will be in the landlord 's interest to [make sure] that all tenancies are expressed to expire on the same date .

In such cases the tenant 's adviser should ensure that exercise of the option is not conditional on the performance by the tenant of his covenants .
in such cases the tenant 's adviser should [make sure] that exercise of the option is not conditional on the performance by the tenant of his covenants .

In such circumstances the draftsman should ensure that any new tenancy is also `` contracted out `` .
in such circumstances the draftsman should [make sure] that any new tenancy is also `` contracted out `` .

It will , therefore , be in the landlord 's interest as well as the tenant 's to ensure that the option is protected by registration in the appropriate register .
it will , therefore , be in the landlord 's interest as well as the tenant 's to [make sure] that the option is protected by registration in the appropriate register .

Next , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that there is a minimum turnover figure , which is not to be taken into account in assessing the rent , and possibly a maximum figure above which turnover is ignored .
next , the tenant 's adviser should [make sure] that there is a minimum turnover figure , which is not to be taken into account in assessing the rent , and possibly a maximum figure above which turnover is ignored .

Conversely , where the tenant is likely to give discounts to certain customers ( eg those who pay by credit card , or employees ) , or where he is likely to have sales or special offers , his advisers should attempt to ensure that it is the amount he receives rather than the full retail price which is to be included in the calculation of turnover .
conversely , where the tenant is likely to give discounts to certain customers ( eg those who pay by credit card , or employees ) , or where he is likely to have sales or special offers , his advisers should attempt to [make sure] that it is the amount he receives rather than the full retail price which is to be included in the calculation of turnover .

If this is done , care must be taken to ensure that each slice receives its proper priority in order of payment , otherwise one party may take the lion 's share of the income at the expense of the other .
if this is done , care must be taken to [make sure] that each slice receives its proper priority in order of payment , otherwise one party may take the lion 's share of the income at the expense of the other .

He will seek to ensure that these are permitted deductions .
he will seek to [make sure] that these are permitted deductions .

However , if a review is to be assumed the tenant should ensure that the notional review coincides with the actual review under the headlease , otherwise there may be periods when the headtenant 's profit rent is eroded .
however , if a review is to be assumed the tenant should [make sure] that the notional review coincides with the actual review under the headlease , otherwise there may be periods when the headtenant 's profit rent is eroded .

The reasons which prompt such a bargain are a desire on the part of the landlord to ensure that he suffers no rental shortfall , and in some cases a desire to have a guaranteed profit rental .
the reasons which prompt such a bargain are a desire on the part of the landlord to [make sure] that he suffers no rental shortfall , and in some cases a desire to have a guaranteed profit rental .

This produces certainty , but the tenant 's adviser should be careful to ensure that the hypothetical lease has proper provision for rent review .
this produces certainty , but the tenant 's adviser should be careful to [make sure] that the hypothetical lease has proper provision for rent review .

In all cases it is suggested that the parties must consider whether or not to have strict time limits and ensure that their intention is clearly expressed .
in all cases it is suggested that the parties must consider whether or not to have strict time limits and [make sure] that their intention is clearly expressed .

Secondly , the draftsman may ensure that the two timetables are not interrelated .
secondly , the draftsman may [make sure] that the two timetables are not interrelated .

The banker must ensure that there is an acceptable balance of risk and reward , and that any loan advanced is clearly capable of being repaid .
the banker must [make sure] that there is an acceptable balance of risk and reward , and that any loan advanced is clearly capable of being repaid .

Such duties derive from decisions of the Courts of Chancery in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , intended to ensure that persons/trustees who held assets or provided services for the benefit of others did so in good faith and for the benefit of those they represented .
such duties derive from decisions of the courts of chancery in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , intended to [make sure] that persons/trustees who held assets or provided services for the benefit of others did so in good faith and for the benefit of those they represented .

The main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .
the main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and [make sure] the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .

Newco 's solicitors should insist that any disclosures are made in precise terms , and specifically by reference to particular warranty statements , to ensure the full impact is understood .
newco 's solicitors should insist that any disclosures are made in precise terms , and specifically by reference to particular warranty statements , to [make sure] the full impact is understood .

( 3 ) All intra-group transactions should be carefully analysed to ensure the target business does not retain liabilities .
( 3 ) all intra-group transactions should be carefully analysed to [make sure] the target business does not retain liabilities .

One of the reasons for acquiring shares rather than assets is to ensure that all the target 's assets will be acquired with the business .
one of the reasons for acquiring shares rather than assets is to [make sure] that all the target 's assets will be acquired with the business .

This information should enable the investor to decide : ( a ) if the size of the workforce is to be reduced , at what cost , bearing in mind the notice periods , age and length of service of the employees ; ( b ) if the workforce is to be increased , at what cost ; ( c ) whether the existing terms of employment , benefits and so on are appropriate , or too great a burden for the target business ; ( d ) the importance of key individuals and whether any action should be taken to ensure their loyalty or protect the company 's position by , for example , keyman insurance ( particularly important in service industries ) ; and ( e ) action to be taken in respect of any share option arrangements , incentive schemes , or the funding ( or under-funding ) of pension schemes .
this information should enable the investor to decide : ( a ) if the size of the workforce is to be reduced , at what cost , bearing in mind the notice periods , age and length of service of the employees ; ( b ) if the workforce is to be increased , at what cost ; ( c ) whether the existing terms of employment , benefits and so on are appropriate , or too great a burden for the target business ; ( d ) the importance of key individuals and whether any action should be taken to [make sure] their loyalty or protect the company 's position by , for example , keyman insurance ( particularly important in service industries ) ; and ( e ) action to be taken in respect of any share option arrangements , incentive schemes , or the funding ( or under-funding ) of pension schemes .

Also , where Newco is acquiring a business , it seems it is no longer strictly necessary to ensure that the shares the managers subscribe in Newco confer control after the institutions have invested , so long as they confer control before then , assuming in this scenario that the managers invest well before the institutions and before the institutions are committed to investing .
also , where newco is acquiring a business , it seems it is no longer strictly necessary to [make sure] that the shares the managers subscribe in newco confer control after the institutions have invested , so long as they confer control before then , assuming in this scenario that the managers invest well before the institutions and before the institutions are committed to investing .

( 3 ) When interest is paid on the manager 's loan , Newco must continue to comply with s13A ( 2 ) — this means it must continue to satisfy the relevant purpose test rather than that it should continue to remain a close company ; in the case of a purchase of shares in Target , the reason why Newco should be close after the institutions commit to invest is to ensure that institutions and management can invest at the same time and that , at that time , Newco is both close and satisfies the relevant purpose test , ie already controls Target ; management can not commit Newco to acquiring Target until the institutions have committed to funding Newco , and once they have so committed the institutions are likely to control Newco under s416 , so a structure is needed whereby management also controls Newco at this point .
( 3 ) when interest is paid on the manager 's loan , newco must continue to comply with s13a ( 2 ) — this means it must continue to satisfy the relevant purpose test rather than that it should continue to remain a close company ; in the case of a purchase of shares in target , the reason why newco should be close after the institutions commit to invest is to [make sure] that institutions and management can invest at the same time and that , at that time , newco is both close and satisfies the relevant purpose test , ie already controls target ; management can not commit newco to acquiring target until the institutions have committed to funding newco , and once they have so committed the institutions are likely to control newco under s416 , so a structure is needed whereby management also controls newco at this point .

Care must be taken to ensure that the new company , or its qualifying subsidiaries , carry on qualifying trades and , notably , film production companies and research and development companies qualify , so long as their activities are being carried on on a commercial basis with a view to profit .
care must be taken to [make sure] that the new company , or its qualifying subsidiaries , carry on qualifying trades and , notably , film production companies and research and development companies qualify , so long as their activities are being carried on on a commercial basis with a view to profit .

There are numerous anti-avoidance provisions to ensure that this new relief is tightly controlled .
there are numerous anti-avoidance provisions to [make sure] that this new relief is tightly controlled .

However , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to ensure that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 Capital Allowances Act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .
however , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to [make sure] that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 capital allowances act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .

Care is needed to ensure that at the time the group dividend is paid : ( a ) no `` arrangements `` or `` option arrangements `` exist whereby the parent company could cease to be beneficially entitled to more than 50 % of both profits for distribution and assets on a winding up available to `` equity holders `` of Target ( see Sch 18 Taxes Act ) ; and ( b ) Target is beneficially owned by its parent when the dividend is declared and paid .
care is needed to [make sure] that at the time the group dividend is paid : ( a ) no `` arrangements `` or `` option arrangements `` exist whereby the parent company could cease to be beneficially entitled to more than 50 % of both profits for distribution and assets on a winding up available to `` equity holders `` of target ( see sch 18 taxes act ) ; and ( b ) target is beneficially owned by its parent when the dividend is declared and paid .

Target 's entitlement to capital allowances and carried-forward trading losses should be preserved in Newco under s343 , although s343(4) contains a requirement to ensure that " relevant liabilities " are also transferred ( strictly speaking , novated ) to Newco .
target 's entitlement to capital allowances and carried-forward trading losses should be preserved in newco under s343 , although s343(4) contains a requirement to [make sure] that " relevant liabilities " are also transferred ( strictly speaking , novated ) to newco .

In order therefore to ensure that the investors qualify not only for a deduction of premium , but also to receive the proceeds of any claim under the policy , there must be a provision obliging Newco to pay the proceeds of any claim by way of dividend .
in order therefore to [make sure] that the investors qualify not only for a deduction of premium , but also to receive the proceeds of any claim under the policy , there must be a provision obliging newco to pay the proceeds of any claim by way of dividend .

The advisers need to ensure that the obligations do not fetter the company 's powers in any way .
the advisers need to [make sure] that the obligations do not fetter the company 's powers in any way .

When acting for management , it is important to ensure that the ratchet is not entirely geared to the vagaries of the stock market in the event of a flotation , but also reflects the profitability of the company .
when acting for management , it is important to [make sure] that the ratchet is not entirely geared to the vagaries of the stock market in the event of a flotation , but also reflects the profitability of the company .

Care must be taken to ensure that these assets are included in the sale if they are needed by the purchaser for operating the business .
care must be taken to [make sure] that these assets are included in the sale if they are needed by the purchaser for operating the business .

Considerable care must be taken to ensure that the precise nature and scope of these liabilities is identified and that the purchaser does not acquire more than he bargained for .
considerable care must be taken to [make sure] that the precise nature and scope of these liabilities is identified and that the purchaser does not acquire more than he bargained for .

However , if one party is to bear the costs of the other it is important to specify this in the heads and ensure it is binding on all parties .
however , if one party is to bear the costs of the other it is important to specify this in the heads and [make sure] it is binding on all parties .

If an ex parte injunction is to be sought the purchaser should ensure that the exclusivity clause is clear and precise .
if an ex parte injunction is to be sought the purchaser should [make sure] that the exclusivity clause is clear and precise .

As and when the information is supplied , it is in both the vendor 's and purchaser 's interests to ensure that the documents and complete copies are carefully indexed .
as and when the information is supplied , it is in both the vendor 's and purchaser 's interests to [make sure] that the documents and complete copies are carefully indexed .

It is fair for the purchaser to resist disclosure of any documents referred to in the disclosure documents and care should be taken to ensure complete copies are supplied .
it is fair for the purchaser to resist disclosure of any documents referred to in the disclosure documents and care should be taken to [make sure] complete copies are supplied .

When presented with the draft confidentiality agreement , the purchaser should ensure that there are adequate exemptions to the confidentiality obligation .
when presented with the draft confidentiality agreement , the purchaser should [make sure] that there are adequate exemptions to the confidentiality obligation .

In order to ensure an injunction will be available the vendor will wish to restrict the number of exemptions to the confidentiality obligation and hence minimise the risk of the injunction being overturned .
in order to [make sure] an injunction will be available the vendor will wish to restrict the number of exemptions to the confidentiality obligation and hence minimise the risk of the injunction being overturned .

Before disclosing the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .
before disclosing the agreement the vendor should [make sure] that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .

The vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .
the vendor should [make sure] that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .

The main concern with cash is to ensure that the method and arrangements for payment are clearly stated in the sale agreement and that the purchaser has adequate notice of whether a banker 's draft or telegraphic transfer is required .
the main concern with cash is to [make sure] that the method and arrangements for payment are clearly stated in the sale agreement and that the purchaser has adequate notice of whether a banker 's draft or telegraphic transfer is required .

Care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the City Code .
care must also be taken to [make sure] that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the city code .

The vendor 's concern is to ensure that the monies retained do eventually become available provided the relevant liability has not crystallised .
the vendor 's concern is to [make sure] that the monies retained do eventually become available provided the relevant liability has not crystallised .

Secondly , the purchaser will wish to protect itself in the sale agreement against any risks which it was unable to identify during the negotiations but which are discovered after completion and to ensure it is compensated against these by the vendor .
secondly , the purchaser will wish to protect itself in the sale agreement against any risks which it was unable to identify during the negotiations but which are discovered after completion and to [make sure] it is compensated against these by the vendor .

Thirdly , the purchaser will be concerned to ensure that once completion has taken place , the vendor does not establish or participate in a competing business .
thirdly , the purchaser will be concerned to [make sure] that once completion has taken place , the vendor does not establish or participate in a competing business .

If concurrent investigations are to take place , the purchaser should meet its advisers as early as possible to ensure there is no duplication in the areas to be investigated and , more importantly , that all significant areas are covered in the investigation process .
if concurrent investigations are to take place , the purchaser should meet its advisers as early as possible to [make sure] there is no duplication in the areas to be investigated and , more importantly , that all significant areas are covered in the investigation process .

The purchaser should be careful to ensure that the disclosures do not wholly undermine the warranties .
the purchaser should be careful to [make sure] that the disclosures do not wholly undermine the warranties .

One of the purchaser 's main concerns is to ensure that , after the sale , the vendor does not immediately re-enter the market in competition with the business that has been sold .
one of the purchaser 's main concerns is to [make sure] that , after the sale , the vendor does not immediately re-enter the market in competition with the business that has been sold .

The purchaser should ensure that it is not restricted from issuing notices of assignment by any of the announcement or confidentiality restrictions in the sale and purchase agreement .
the purchaser should [make sure] that it is not restricted from issuing notices of assignment by any of the announcement or confidentiality restrictions in the sale and purchase agreement .

The purchaser may also wish to ensure that the vendor 's important employees will be transferred with the business .
the purchaser may also wish to [make sure] that the vendor 's important employees will be transferred with the business .

One of the architects of the bill , Dr Gordon Guymer , head of the Queensland Herbarium , said it would ensure that `` when multinational companies come here to screen the biota for new drugs , the state will have some ownership over that resource `` .
one of the architects of the bill , dr gordon guymer , head of the queensland herbarium , said it would [make sure] that `` when multinational companies come here to screen the biota for new drugs , the state will have some ownership over that resource `` .

The restoration scheme , to be completed by 1998 , should ensure a minimum flow of 34 million litres a day .
the restoration scheme , to be completed by 1998 , should [make sure] a minimum flow of 34 million litres a day .

The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development has announced a series of guidelines which aim to ensure that environmental priorities are taken into account in every project which it supports .
the european bank for reconstruction and development has announced a series of guidelines which aim to [make sure] that environmental priorities are taken into account in every project which it supports .

The move follows criticism from nuclear scientists that the Russian government had `` liquidated `` the old structure without taking steps to ensure the safe continuation of nuclear operations .
the move follows criticism from nuclear scientists that the russian government had `` liquidated `` the old structure without taking steps to [make sure] the safe continuation of nuclear operations .

Satellite monitoring of the ozone layer is likely to be disrupted during 1995-98 , as a result of international failure to ensure that a suitable satellite would always be in orbit .
satellite monitoring of the ozone layer is likely to be disrupted during 1995-98 , as a result of international failure to [make sure] that a suitable satellite would always be in orbit .

On waste , the government intends to introduce a system of credits designed to ensure that local authorities get on target to meet the goal of 25 per cent recycling of household waste by 2000 .
on waste , the government intends to introduce a system of credits designed to [make sure] that local authorities get on target to meet the goal of 25 per cent recycling of household waste by 2000 .

Under the Lalonde scheme , any company producing toxic waste would have to reach an agreement with the state environment agency to ensure it was adequately treated .
under the lalonde scheme , any company producing toxic waste would have to reach an agreement with the state environment agency to [make sure] it was adequately treated .

The Spanish government has designated two environmentally sensitive areas ( ESAs ) on the steppes of Castilla y Léon province , to help ensure the survival of the great bustard .
the spanish government has designated two environmentally sensitive areas ( esas ) on the steppes of castilla y léon province , to help [make sure] the survival of the great bustard .

Farm drainage ditches ensure that water runs directly into streams rather than being filtered through the soil .
farm drainage ditches [make sure] that water runs directly into streams rather than being filtered through the soil .

The report also argues that existing measures such as cameras are unlikely to ensure enforcement and calls for the installation of mechanical speed-limiting equipment in cars and lorries .
the report also argues that existing measures such as cameras are unlikely to [make sure] enforcement and calls for the installation of mechanical speed-limiting equipment in cars and lorries .

An official statement said that the dismissal was intended to `` ensure there is only one line of thinking and action in environmental policy `` .
an official statement said that the dismissal was intended to `` [make sure] there is only one line of thinking and action in environmental policy `` .

The new party 's leader , journalist Mazhar Arif , said that it would ensure Iraq 's compliance with the 1972 Stockholm Declaration on environment and with " all principles for protecting the environment on both Arab and international levels " .
the new party 's leader , journalist mazhar arif , said that it would [make sure] iraq 's compliance with the 1972 stockholm declaration on environment and with " all principles for protecting the environment on both arab and international levels " .

In a debate on green issues , the MPs singled out the Commission 's failure to ensure that projects receiving support from regional and structure funds were subject to environmental assessments .
in a debate on green issues , the mps singled out the commission 's failure to [make sure] that projects receiving support from regional and structure funds were subject to environmental assessments .

Under a proposed law to be presented to parliament later this year , industrial producers will be obliged to ensure the collection and recycling of waste consumer products .
under a proposed law to be presented to parliament later this year , industrial producers will be obliged to [make sure] the collection and recycling of waste consumer products .

The gene pool of the resulting subgroups would be too small to ensure the viability of the population .
the gene pool of the resulting subgroups would be too small to [make sure] the viability of the population .

Its main task would be to ensure that the environmental impact of military activities were kept to a minimum .
its main task would be to [make sure] that the environmental impact of military activities were kept to a minimum .

Environment Minister Frantisek Benda voiced concern about the plant , calling on the government to pass a nuclear regulatory law to ensure it operates safely .
environment minister frantisek benda voiced concern about the plant , calling on the government to pass a nuclear regulatory law to [make sure] it operates safely .

But they say that around £100 million is needed to ensure such projects are economically viable in the short term .
but they say that around £100 million is needed to [make sure] such projects are economically viable in the short term .

The Environmental Protection Agency of the Chinese government has set up an inspection team which will tour the country over a three-year period to ensure that environmental laws are being properly enforced , and to heighten awareness of environmental issues .
the environmental protection agency of the chinese government has set up an inspection team which will tour the country over a three-year period to [make sure] that environmental laws are being properly enforced , and to heighten awareness of environmental issues .

Elm Energy , which is operating the plant on a contract from the Non-Fossil Purchasing Agency , says the power station will be the cleanest in the country ; £48 million has been spent on equipment to ensure that emissions are well below maximum levels set by the World Health Organisation .
elm energy , which is operating the plant on a contract from the non-fossil purchasing agency , says the power station will be the cleanest in the country ; £48 million has been spent on equipment to [make sure] that emissions are well below maximum levels set by the world health organisation .

The campaign began after the suicide of Sueb Makasthien , the sanctuary 's former director , who is believed to have taken his life because his efforts to ensure protection for the area were continually frustrated by corrupt officials .
the campaign began after the suicide of sueb makasthien , the sanctuary 's former director , who is believed to have taken his life because his efforts to [make sure] protection for the area were continually frustrated by corrupt officials .

The agreement , the first of its kind between a company and an indigenous group , aims to ensure that the Kayapo benefit from any commercial development of other materials which they harvest on their lands .
the agreement , the first of its kind between a company and an indigenous group , aims to [make sure] that the kayapo benefit from any commercial development of other materials which they harvest on their lands .

At present , sewage works must ensure that effluent meets the required standards of cleanliness for 95 percent of any 12 month period .
at present , sewage works must [make sure] that effluent meets the required standards of cleanliness for 95 percent of any 12 month period .

The government has proposed changing planning laws to ensure that nature conservation agencies and planning authorities abide by the directive .
the government has proposed changing planning laws to [make sure] that nature conservation agencies and planning authorities abide by the directive .

The World Wide Fund for Nature is working with local people on a management plan to ensure sustainable use of fisheries and to prevent over-exploitation of fish and timber by people from outside the region .
the world wide fund for nature is working with local people on a management plan to [make sure] sustainable use of fisheries and to prevent over-exploitation of fish and timber by people from outside the region .

The Facility will aim to secure financial resources and ensure government commitment towards preventing the rhino 's rapid slide to extinction .
the facility will aim to secure financial resources and [make sure] government commitment towards preventing the rhino 's rapid slide to extinction .

Whereas the 1832 Act helped ensure the dominance of the House of Commons within the formal political process , the passage of the Reform Act of 1867 began a process of the transfer of power from Parliament to Ministers .
whereas the 1832 act helped [make sure] the dominance of the house of commons within the formal political process , the passage of the reform act of 1867 began a process of the transfer of power from parliament to ministers .

They are supposed to ensure that constituencies are as equal as possible in size of their electorates .
they are supposed to [make sure] that constituencies are as equal as possible in size of their electorates .

He or she will be aided by volunteers who do doorstep canvassing to try to determine where supporters live : on election day they will keep a running tab on who has voted in order to ensure that support is maximized .
he or she will be aided by volunteers who do doorstep canvassing to try to determine where supporters live : on election day they will keep a running tab on who has voted in order to [make sure] that support is maximized .

Funds are urgently needed to ensure defence in the growing number of political trials and for needy families .
funds are urgently needed to [make sure] defence in the growing number of political trials and for needy families .

We have broken with 40 years of tradition to publish this service as a monthly partwork to ensure you receive all the information and informed comment you need , as you need it .
we have broken with 40 years of tradition to publish this service as a monthly partwork to [make sure] you receive all the information and informed comment you need , as you need it .

The safest way to ensure that you are getting the best practical business advice for your money is to buy from Croner .
the safest way to [make sure] that you are getting the best practical business advice for your money is to buy from croner .

Three agreements stipulated joint union and management discussions to ensure meaningful and satisfying jobs and minimal monitoring .
three agreements stipulated joint union and management discussions to [make sure] meaningful and satisfying jobs and minimal monitoring .

To ensure unambiguity and completeness design methods should include formal languages which facilitate verification .
to [make sure] unambiguity and completeness design methods should include formal languages which facilitate verification .

Care was thus taken to ensure that the sequence of sentences was now completely random ; even if any particular combination happened to match the original it would have been entirely due to chance .
care was thus taken to [make sure] that the sequence of sentences was now completely random ; even if any particular combination happened to match the original it would have been entirely due to chance .

Some alliances between , say , a Fenwick of Tynedale and a Croser of Teviotdale might ensure a lull in raiding and cattle thieving for a while , though there was usually an excuse for it to be resumed at fairly short notice .
some alliances between , say , a fenwick of tynedale and a croser of teviotdale might [make sure] a lull in raiding and cattle thieving for a while , though there was usually an excuse for it to be resumed at fairly short notice .

The intensity of these hatreds was such as to ensure that at the christening of a male child his right hand was kept clear of the water so that it would be free for unhallowed retribution upon family enemies .
the intensity of these hatreds was such as to [make sure] that at the christening of a male child his right hand was kept clear of the water so that it would be free for unhallowed retribution upon family enemies .

But you have much to ensure before that !
but you have much to [make sure] before that !

It did , however , provide that the Agency , through investigation , could help to ensure that employers promoted equality of opportunity in employment but it did not provide that employers had a duty themselves to promote equality of opportunity in employment .
it did , however , provide that the agency , through investigation , could help to [make sure] that employers promoted equality of opportunity in employment but it did not provide that employers had a duty themselves to promote equality of opportunity in employment .

They are practices which ensure that those who have the advantage of a network of friends and relations in secure employment will have a better chance of obtaining jobs than those who have a network of friends and relations who have suffered long-term unemployment .
they are practices which [make sure] that those who have the advantage of a network of friends and relations in secure employment will have a better chance of obtaining jobs than those who have a network of friends and relations who have suffered long-term unemployment .

To ensure that they do , block funding is not intended to cover the full running costs .
to [make sure] that they do , block funding is not intended to cover the full running costs .

Providers felt they were working against each other to capture trainees to ensure their own survival .
providers felt they were working against each other to capture trainees to [make sure] their own survival .

Agencies such as the Belfast Education and Library Board should have material built into curricula and courses to ensure the rights and needs of women and girls are met .
agencies such as the belfast education and library board should have material built into curricula and courses to [make sure] the rights and needs of women and girls are met .

If necessary , coercion may be necessary to ensure that these issues are addressed .
if necessary , coercion may be necessary to [make sure] that these issues are addressed .

Some four or five years ago one of our gastronomic columnists wrote of a Leicester Square bistro called Chez Solange that an advance telephone call would ensure production of an `` authentic salade de tomates `` .
some four or five years ago one of our gastronomic columnists wrote of a leicester square bistro called chez solange that an advance telephone call would [make sure] production of an `` authentic salade de tomates `` .

To Escoffier the disadvantage of the bottled purée was that it could only be used for sauces , so he set about evolving a method which would ensure a supply of crushed tomatoes — by which he meant tomates concassées — for any dish which required them whenever the fresh fruit was unobtainable .
to escoffier the disadvantage of the bottled purée was that it could only be used for sauces , so he set about evolving a method which would [make sure] a supply of crushed tomatoes — by which he meant tomates concassées — for any dish which required them whenever the fresh fruit was unobtainable .

For a modest annual fee , you 'll be given access to a wealth of local inspiration , and while you 're leafing through the trust 's reserves handbook , planning your ‘ research visits ’ for the coming seasons , you 'll be helping to ensure the survival of that unique ‘ library ’ of wild places .
for a modest annual fee , you 'll be given access to a wealth of local inspiration , and while you 're leafing through the trust 's reserves handbook , planning your ‘ research visits ’ for the coming seasons , you 'll be helping to [make sure] the survival of that unique ‘ library ’ of wild places .

Barama has pledged to ‘ work within national laws and ensure than forests and ecosystems are maintained .
barama has pledged to ‘ work within national laws and [make sure] than forests and ecosystems are maintained .

Any such translocations will depend on adequate population data to ensure that the removal of rhinos will not endanger the Ujung Kulon population , and also on good protection of the potential receiving sites .
any such translocations will depend on adequate population data to [make sure] that the removal of rhinos will not endanger the ujung kulon population , and also on good protection of the potential receiving sites .

The Old Testament laws endeavoured to ensure that punishment was no greater than the offence , and in any case was less than private retribution .
the old testament laws endeavoured to [make sure] that punishment was no greater than the offence , and in any case was less than private retribution .

Here is his chance to ensure they keep out of mischief .
here is his chance to [make sure] they keep out of mischief .

The bells on the hem of Aaron 's robe ( 28:33–34 ) : perhaps to ensure he does not enter God 's presence unannounced .
the bells on the hem of aaron 's robe ( 28:33–34 ) : perhaps to [make sure] he does not enter god 's presence unannounced .

The purpose is to ensure its separation from the worship of God .
the purpose is to [make sure] its separation from the worship of god .

Washing and shaving ensure outward cleanliness .
washing and shaving [make sure] outward cleanliness .

To ensure that his subjects acquired the habit of carrying out his instructions he had to visit them as often as possible , and although the king 's itinerary was normally publicized in advance — so that merchants and tradesmen , as well as petitioners , could frequent his court without difficulty — it was sometimes useful to turn up without warning .
to [make sure] that his subjects acquired the habit of carrying out his instructions he had to visit them as often as possible , and although the king 's itinerary was normally publicized in advance — so that merchants and tradesmen , as well as petitioners , could frequent his court without difficulty — it was sometimes useful to turn up without warning .

Moreover in the years 1176–7 he was taking a keen interest in the competing politics of the Spanish kingdoms and he may well have instructed Richard to ensure that the great road south from Bordeaux to the Pyrenees was kept open for travellers of all sorts , pilgrims , traders and couriers .
moreover in the years 1176–7 he was taking a keen interest in the competing politics of the spanish kingdoms and he may well have instructed richard to [make sure] that the great road south from bordeaux to the pyrenees was kept open for travellers of all sorts , pilgrims , traders and couriers .

Since it will not breed in this form , it has no sexual equipment ; since it has no cause to attract a mate , it needs no mechanisms to send out call-signals whether by sight , smell or sound , nor any sense organs to receive such messages ; and as its parents have gone to considerable trouble to ensure that when it hatches it is surrounded by the great quantities of the particular food it requires , it needs no wings .
since it will not breed in this form , it has no sexual equipment ; since it has no cause to attract a mate , it needs no mechanisms to send out call-signals whether by sight , smell or sound , nor any sense organs to receive such messages ; and as its parents have gone to considerable trouble to [make sure] that when it hatches it is surrounded by the great quantities of the particular food it requires , it needs no wings .

‘ Through the 90s , Conservative Government will draw on and be sustained by our principles to ensure that Britain enters the next millennium strong , confident , generous and free ’ John Major
‘ through the 90s , conservative government will draw on and be sustained by our principles to [make sure] that britain enters the next millennium strong , confident , generous and free ’ john major

Just as we need sensible rules to regulate our economic behaviour , so we need firmly and fairly applied laws to ensure that we can go about our lives in freedom and security .
just as we need sensible rules to regulate our economic behaviour , so we need firmly and fairly applied laws to [make sure] that we can go about our lives in freedom and security .

That is only one reason why we must ensure that they get the best possible education and training .
that is only one reason why we must [make sure] that they get the best possible education and training .

Through the '90s , Conservative Government will draw on , and be sustained by , our principles to ensure that Britain enters the next millennium strong , confident , generous and free .
through the '90s , conservative government will draw on , and be sustained by , our principles to [make sure] that britain enters the next millennium strong , confident , generous and free .

In the standard paradigm the interlocutors are separated by a screen to ensure that communication is restricted to the verbal channel .
in the standard paradigm the interlocutors are separated by a screen to [make sure] that communication is restricted to the verbal channel .

Certainly the Government used the nine months of respite to ensure that there was no question of again being unready .
certainly the government used the nine months of respite to [make sure] that there was no question of again being unready .

In a broader context , it can , as ideological preference may urge , be regarded either as part of the exercise in the 1860s of that liberal political wisdom which freely conceded timely advances to the advocates of change and so harnessed their energies and aspirations to the support of the general interest in the maintenance of stability and the creation of wealth in a prospering nation ; or as part of the calculated manipulation of events so as to ensure the preservation of the existing social structure against fundamental changes such as the institution of a juster order would require .
in a broader context , it can , as ideological preference may urge , be regarded either as part of the exercise in the 1860s of that liberal political wisdom which freely conceded timely advances to the advocates of change and so harnessed their energies and aspirations to the support of the general interest in the maintenance of stability and the creation of wealth in a prospering nation ; or as part of the calculated manipulation of events so as to [make sure] the preservation of the existing social structure against fundamental changes such as the institution of a juster order would require .

None is , nor can be , so structured as to ensure that the individual is not treated as a thing , as a commodity for use in the process of production or provision .
none is , nor can be , so structured as to [make sure] that the individual is not treated as a thing , as a commodity for use in the process of production or provision .

And it was the necessarily progressive movement of the dialectic that was to ensure the victory of the first over the second , the success of the revolution .
and it was the necessarily progressive movement of the dialectic that was to [make sure] the victory of the first over the second , the success of the revolution .

That knowledge , extended through manufacturing and service industry would ensure generally that the wages suit was cut according to the profitability cloth ; and would remove from the operation of the national economy the inflationary propensity of the trade unions ' monopoly of the supply of labour and , with it , a main cause of the United Kingdom 's industrial debility .
that knowledge , extended through manufacturing and service industry would [make sure] generally that the wages suit was cut according to the profitability cloth ; and would remove from the operation of the national economy the inflationary propensity of the trade unions ' monopoly of the supply of labour and , with it , a main cause of the united kingdom 's industrial debility .

The theory of State responsibility may ensure the independence of the State in presenting its claims , but this should not obscure the fact that entities other than States have interests that may be affected by the outcome of the proceedings , and that the present process of international litigation , with few exceptions , pays no regard to them .
the theory of state responsibility may [make sure] the independence of the state in presenting its claims , but this should not obscure the fact that entities other than states have interests that may be affected by the outcome of the proceedings , and that the present process of international litigation , with few exceptions , pays no regard to them .

Subsequent treaty commitments are no defence to non-performance of the obligations of an earlier treaty ; States are expected to ensure that they do not enter into conflicting treaty arrangements .
subsequent treaty commitments are no defence to non-performance of the obligations of an earlier treaty ; states are expected to [make sure] that they do not enter into conflicting treaty arrangements .

However States are not expected to monitor the prior treaty commitments of their potential treaty parties to ensure that they are compatible .
however states are not expected to monitor the prior treaty commitments of their potential treaty parties to [make sure] that they are compatible .

The position could arise whereby the United States attempts to ensure one of the parties ' access through these waterways as against a non-party to the Peace Treaty .
the position could arise whereby the united states attempts to [make sure] one of the parties ' access through these waterways as against a non-party to the peace treaty .

The requirement for the consent of an organisation is not to protect any sovereign status ( which an international organisation does not have ) , but to ensure that the commitment is within its powers .
the requirement for the consent of an organisation is not to protect any sovereign status ( which an international organisation does not have ) , but to [make sure] that the commitment is within its powers .

An important aspect of the Mandate was supervision by the League to ensure observance of the arrangement .
an important aspect of the mandate was supervision by the league to [make sure] observance of the arrangement .

Liability could only be incurred if this failure amounted to a breach of an international obligation , or , to put it another way , if there was a duty on the member States to ensure adequate supervision of the organisation they had created .
liability could only be incurred if this failure amounted to a breach of an international obligation , or , to put it another way , if there was a duty on the member states to [make sure] adequate supervision of the organisation they had created .

It is hard to assert that a general duty of supervision exists in the absence of fraud by the member States , which would be hard to ascertain , or as a matter of policy to ensure the responsible operation of an international organisation .
it is hard to assert that a general duty of supervision exists in the absence of fraud by the member states , which would be hard to ascertain , or as a matter of policy to [make sure] the responsible operation of an international organisation .

Whitlock had driven to the airport a couple of hours before the delegation was due to arrive to ensure that all the security measures had been put into operation .
whitlock had driven to the airport a couple of hours before the delegation was due to arrive to [make sure] that all the security measures had been put into operation .

But that was what he was being paid for and after hearing Mobuto at the United Nations he was now more determined than ever to ensure his safety .
but that was what he was being paid for and after hearing mobuto at the united nations he was now more determined than ever to [make sure] his safety .

As to how inspection and certification might be exercised to ensure regulated management from logger to retailer , very little is as yet formulated .
as to how inspection and certification might be exercised to [make sure] regulated management from logger to retailer , very little is as yet formulated .

The sub-floor must be smooth , level and dry — any damp-proof membrane must be effective , as using a bitumen emulsion does not ensure damp resistance and any dampness would cause expansion of the conditioned wood blocks .
the sub-floor must be smooth , level and dry — any damp-proof membrane must be effective , as using a bitumen emulsion does not [make sure] damp resistance and any dampness would cause expansion of the conditioned wood blocks .

In the event , when insurrections were attempted both in the area of Lang Son , on the Chinese border , in September , and in Cochinchina in November , they were repressed with little difficulty by the French colonial government which still deployed enough effective power to ensure that these were rather rash , forlorn , and certainly premature insurrections .
in the event , when insurrections were attempted both in the area of lang son , on the chinese border , in september , and in cochinchina in november , they were repressed with little difficulty by the french colonial government which still deployed enough effective power to [make sure] that these were rather rash , forlorn , and certainly premature insurrections .

To begin with , however , the moment of opportunity that was presented in Vietnam by France 's defeat in 1940 was taken by the Japanese ; and although Ho might conceivably and eventually have been right in his optimistic assertion that ‘ if the entire people were united and single minded they would certainly be able to smash the picked French and Japanese armies ’ , the vicissitudes of war and politics would ensure that , for a while at least , they would not be required for such a formidable task .
to begin with , however , the moment of opportunity that was presented in vietnam by france 's defeat in 1940 was taken by the japanese ; and although ho might conceivably and eventually have been right in his optimistic assertion that ‘ if the entire people were united and single minded they would certainly be able to smash the picked french and japanese armies ’ , the vicissitudes of war and politics would [make sure] that , for a while at least , they would not be required for such a formidable task .

And following breakdown every effort should be made to ensure supportive continuity of contact between the child and the absent parent .
and following breakdown every effort should be made to [make sure] supportive continuity of contact between the child and the absent parent .

We your Memorialists therefore pray that your Worshipful Company will reduce the number of scholars to such an amount as will ensure scholars with whom a tradesman 's son ought to associate , leaving others to go to the National Schools . ``
we your memorialists therefore pray that your worshipful company will reduce the number of scholars to such an amount as will [make sure] scholars with whom a tradesman 's son ought to associate , leaving others to go to the national schools . ``

But the over-riding problem was really to ensure that there would continue to be a School for boys to progress from .
but the over-riding problem was really to [make sure] that there would continue to be a school for boys to progress from .

He had been a scholarship boy himself , and he wished to ensure as far as possible that families without financial resources should be enabled to send their boys to the School .
he had been a scholarship boy himself , and he wished to [make sure] as far as possible that families without financial resources should be enabled to send their boys to the school .

Work went on over the Summer Holiday of 1980 to ensure that the Convent buildings would be ready for the new term , when there would be girls in both the Sixth Form and the First Form .
work went on over the summer holiday of 1980 to [make sure] that the convent buildings would be ready for the new term , when there would be girls in both the sixth form and the first form .

He was also one who believed it his role to ensure that business flourished with the least possible government intervention .
he was also one who believed it his role to [make sure] that business flourished with the least possible government intervention .

This second great spurt of legislation consolidated Roosevelt 's reputation as a reformer and helped to ensure his re-election in 1936 .
this second great spurt of legislation consolidated roosevelt 's reputation as a reformer and helped to [make sure] his re-election in 1936 .

Wealthy party members , including newspaper owners and businessmen , saw McCarthy as a weapon with which they could ensure victory in 1952 , and backed the Senator financially .
wealthy party members , including newspaper owners and businessmen , saw mccarthy as a weapon with which they could [make sure] victory in 1952 , and backed the senator financially .

Johnson 's first task was to ensure a smooth transition of power , and for the time being he kept together the Kennedy team .
johnson 's first task was to [make sure] a smooth transition of power , and for the time being he kept together the kennedy team .

It can ensure compatibility , avoid unnecessary duplication of effort , enable economies to be made by cooperative use and the full employment of existing facilities .
it can [make sure] compatibility , avoid unnecessary duplication of effort , enable economies to be made by cooperative use and the full employment of existing facilities .

Each should respect the other 's strengths : that the teacher can intervene in a positive way to prevent the acquisition of bad learning and reading habits and to ensure that broad aims and objectives are , as far as it is possible to ensure , reached ; and that the librarian , working in a permissive non-authority setting , can by indirection and suggestion , using the child 's natural behaviour and personally chosen interests , foster the development of activities and skills from which learning and motivation arise .
each should respect the other 's strengths : that the teacher can intervene in a positive way to prevent the acquisition of bad learning and reading habits and to [make sure] that broad aims and objectives are , as far as it is possible to [make sure] , reached ; and that the librarian , working in a permissive non-authority setting , can by indirection and suggestion , using the child 's natural behaviour and personally chosen interests , foster the development of activities and skills from which learning and motivation arise .

However , this effect may not last , and long-term follow-up is useful to ensure that the patient does not lapse into those unhealthy ways which made him unwell in the first place .
however , this effect may not last , and long-term follow-up is useful to [make sure] that the patient does not lapse into those unhealthy ways which made him unwell in the first place .

This should ensure that none of them is eliminated in an early count and thus deprived of the benefit of a surplus transferred from any more popular running-mate .
this should [make sure] that none of them is eliminated in an early count and thus deprived of the benefit of a surplus transferred from any more popular running-mate .

Just one of the regions , Northern Ireland , with eight constituency members and an assumed equal number of list members , would have fewer than the minimum total of 20 required to ensure fair representation therein for a party securing 5 % of the list votes .
just one of the regions , northern ireland , with eight constituency members and an assumed equal number of list members , would have fewer than the minimum total of 20 required to [make sure] fair representation therein for a party securing 5 % of the list votes .

The Profitboss initiates policies and practices that ensure all employees are consistently treated .
the profitboss initiates policies and practices that [make sure] all employees are consistently treated .

He has the best training and development programmed Furthermore , he goes out of his way to ensure that his people get the best rewards for their labour .
he has the best training and development programmed furthermore , he goes out of his way to [make sure] that his people get the best rewards for their labour .

Ensure that you gain their understanding and commitment to this vision of excellence .
[make sure] that you gain their understanding and commitment to this vision of excellence .

In encouraging the sharing of confidences the Profitboss takes care to ensure that the confidence is not abused , taking to task any team-member who betrays the trust .
in encouraging the sharing of confidences the profitboss takes care to [make sure] that the confidence is not abused , taking to task any team-member who betrays the trust .

He 'll be out and about , communicating with the likes of Gary and Tim to ensure that they understand how profitable their contributions are .
he 'll be out and about , communicating with the likes of gary and tim to [make sure] that they understand how profitable their contributions are .

The board is there to ensure that the share-holders achieve the best return on their investment .
the board is there to [make sure] that the share-holders achieve the best return on their investment .

Co out of your way to ensure that everyone appreciates their own personal contribution to revenue . If they do n't have an impact on revenue , why are they there ?
co out of your way to [make sure] that everyone appreciates their own personal contribution to revenue . if they do n't have an impact on revenue , why are they there ?

If customer complaints pass your desk , ensure that you give them maximum time and personal attention .
if customer complaints pass your desk , [make sure] that you give them maximum time and personal attention .

By 1913–14 , over £25,000 was being given away in this manner and in return the Central Office agents were able to ensure the appointment of suitable constituency agents and the choice of good candidate The outlay constituted only about a tenth of the whole of the local parties `` expenditure , but a much higher proportion of the expenditure of the backward parties most in need of reform .
by 1913–14 , over £25,000 was being given away in this manner and in return the central office agents were able to [make sure] the appointment of suitable constituency agents and the choice of good candidate the outlay constituted only about a tenth of the whole of the local parties `` expenditure , but a much higher proportion of the expenditure of the backward parties most in need of reform .

Both Lansdowne and Law opted to announce their resignation at a party meeting , which would revive the open warfare over tariffs that had existed before 1906 , and this would ensure the defeat of all the other party causes too .
both lansdowne and law opted to announce their resignation at a party meeting , which would revive the open warfare over tariffs that had existed before 1906 , and this would [make sure] the defeat of all the other party causes too .

If this idea is to work it will be necessary to ensure that these eigenvalues are all real numbers .
if this idea is to work it will be necessary to [make sure] that these eigenvalues are all real numbers .

The English Association was set up to promote the maintenance of `` correct use of English , spoken and written `` , the recognition of English as `` an essential element in the national education `` , and the discussion of teaching methods and advanced study as well as the correlation of school with university work.48 From the beginning , personnel attached to the new Board of Education seem to have been sympathetic to the view of English as the most natural candidate to lead a mission of cultural renewal : at any rate , from its inception the English Association set out to ensure that such was the case .
the english association was set up to promote the maintenance of `` correct use of english , spoken and written `` , the recognition of english as `` an essential element in the national education `` , and the discussion of teaching methods and advanced study as well as the correlation of school with university work.48 from the beginning , personnel attached to the new board of education seem to have been sympathetic to the view of english as the most natural candidate to lead a mission of cultural renewal : at any rate , from its inception the english association set out to [make sure] that such was the case .

The technical goal is the construction of a critical apparatus which will not upset the underlying harmonious unity of the field , but simply authenticate the available empirical facts and ensure that they are correctly grouped and placed in proper relationship with each other .
the technical goal is the construction of a critical apparatus which will not upset the underlying harmonious unity of the field , but simply authenticate the available empirical facts and [make sure] that they are correctly grouped and placed in proper relationship with each other .

Elsewhere , Morley commends those critical qualities of sanity and reasonableness which , without recourse to any `` fireworks or display `` , ensure that `` the unbroken line of development in English literature is … convincingly exhibited to the unbeliever .
elsewhere , morley commends those critical qualities of sanity and reasonableness which , without recourse to any `` fireworks or display `` , [make sure] that `` the unbroken line of development in english literature is … convincingly exhibited to the unbeliever .

Within English itself there was already some awareness of the need to ensure that the discipline could touch the student of science : `` The student of the physical and social sciences is not a disembodied intelligence , and he too can gain much from that purifying of the emotions which is still one of the most valuable gifts of the literary artist to posterity .
within english itself there was already some awareness of the need to [make sure] that the discipline could touch the student of science : `` the student of the physical and social sciences is not a disembodied intelligence , and he too can gain much from that purifying of the emotions which is still one of the most valuable gifts of the literary artist to posterity .

We urge you to ensure that your government does all in its power to respect and protect this right .
we urge you to [make sure] that your government does all in its power to respect and protect this right .

Even then , development communicators need to ensure that they bring women information as women and not simply as intermediaries for children and families .
even then , development communicators need to [make sure] that they bring women information as women and not simply as intermediaries for children and families .

It has also helped write rules for community cable access and worked to ensure that the poor are not cut off from the benefits of new telephone technologies .
it has also helped write rules for community cable access and worked to [make sure] that the poor are not cut off from the benefits of new telephone technologies .

In order to ensure fair play in this situation , those who kept within the regulation in this matter must be the first to be given the option ( ability proven , of course ) of playing for England this winter and subsequently for at least two years .
in order to [make sure] fair play in this situation , those who kept within the regulation in this matter must be the first to be given the option ( ability proven , of course ) of playing for england this winter and subsequently for at least two years .

Batsmen , bowlers and fieldsmen must be at a peak throughout the day to ensure success : there are no second innings or chances to make amends .
batsmen , bowlers and fieldsmen must be at a peak throughout the day to [make sure] success : there are no second innings or chances to make amends .

The policy of Augustus towards Britain was to maintain Caesar 's conquest together with the alliances made for the development of trade , and also to ensure that the coastline vital to a successful Roman landing remained in friendly hands .
the policy of augustus towards britain was to maintain caesar 's conquest together with the alliances made for the development of trade , and also to [make sure] that the coastline vital to a successful roman landing remained in friendly hands .

There seemed only one way for the Druids to prevent their imminent destruction , and that was to ensure that the army never came within reach of them ; this could only be achieved either by strong enough resistance in the mountains of north-west Wales or by a serious insurrection deep within the Province .
there seemed only one way for the druids to prevent their imminent destruction , and that was to [make sure] that the army never came within reach of them ; this could only be achieved either by strong enough resistance in the mountains of north-west wales or by a serious insurrection deep within the province .

To ensure that his widow and her family were well provided for , Prasutagus left half his wealth to the Emperor , which is also what was expected of a dependent ruler .
to [make sure] that his widow and her family were well provided for , prasutagus left half his wealth to the emperor , which is also what was expected of a dependent ruler .

This would also have been the time for naked women on horseback to lead the community out into the fields , bearing symbols of fertility to ensure a plentiful harvest .
this would also have been the time for naked women on horseback to lead the community out into the fields , bearing symbols of fertility to [make sure] a plentiful harvest .

These vivid lively scenes are not art in the modern sense of self-expression , but the deliberate exercise of imitative magic to ensure success in the hunt .
these vivid lively scenes are not art in the modern sense of self-expression , but the deliberate exercise of imitative magic to [make sure] success in the hunt .

The enactment of the hunt and the practice of imitative magic to ensure success at the kill became fossilized as a widespread and regular feature of the seasonal festivities .
the enactment of the hunt and the practice of imitative magic to [make sure] success at the kill became fossilized as a widespread and regular feature of the seasonal festivities .

Representative standing , it might be said , is an important feature of any system of public law which is chiefly concerned to ensure that governments act lawfully .
representative standing , it might be said , is an important feature of any system of public law which is chiefly concerned to [make sure] that governments act lawfully .

Others have been suggested : to prevent the conduct of government business being unduly hampered and delayed by ‘ excessive ’ litigation ; to reduce the risk that civil servants will behave in over-cautious and unhelpful ways in dealing with citizens for fear of being sued if things go wrong ; to ration scarce judicial resources ; to ensure that the argument on the merits is presented in the best possible way , by a person with a real interest in presenting it ( but quality of presentation and personal interest do not always go together ) ; to ensure that people do not meddle paternalistically in the affairs of others ( query : can representative applicants be accused of this ? )
others have been suggested : to prevent the conduct of government business being unduly hampered and delayed by ‘ excessive ’ litigation ; to reduce the risk that civil servants will behave in over-cautious and unhelpful ways in dealing with citizens for fear of being sued if things go wrong ; to ration scarce judicial resources ; to [make sure] that the argument on the merits is presented in the best possible way , by a person with a real interest in presenting it ( but quality of presentation and personal interest do not always go together ) ; to [make sure] that people do not meddle paternalistically in the affairs of others ( query : can representative applicants be accused of this ? )

; to ensure that the applicant has a personal interest not just an ideological concern in the outcome ( but , query , may not a genuine concern for the interests of others be neither purely personal nor purely ideological ? )
; to [make sure] that the applicant has a personal interest not just an ideological concern in the outcome ( but , query , may not a genuine concern for the interests of others be neither purely personal nor purely ideological ? )

Government has a responsibility , as well , to ensure that it promotes the common moral values that bind us together as a Nation .
government has a responsibility , as well , to [make sure] that it promotes the common moral values that bind us together as a nation .

to ensure that communication is acknowledged as a human right ;
to [make sure] that communication is acknowledged as a human right ;

to ensure that human beings are the subject of communication , and not the object ;
to [make sure] that human beings are the subject of communication , and not the object ;

to ensure their participation in the production and distribution of information ;
to [make sure] their participation in the production and distribution of information ;

to ensure that existing communication systems be used to assist the integral development of communities in the search for a more just and peaceful world .
to [make sure] that existing communication systems be used to assist the integral development of communities in the search for a more just and peaceful world .

Radio La Voz de la Comunidad organisers are keen to ensure that their work is as effective and relevant as possible .
radio la voz de la comunidad organisers are keen to [make sure] that their work is as effective and relevant as possible .

They plan to introduce a system of on-going evaluation of their broadcasts by interviewing listeners to ensure that they are still giving their public what they want .
they plan to introduce a system of on-going evaluation of their broadcasts by interviewing listeners to [make sure] that they are still giving their public what they want .

These fundamental terms of the ‘ social contract ’ ensure the freedom to choose a way of life by providing such constitutional guarantees as freedom of the person , freedom of speech and the right to privacy .
these fundamental terms of the ‘ social contract ’ [make sure] the freedom to choose a way of life by providing such constitutional guarantees as freedom of the person , freedom of speech and the right to privacy .

The two main variants of this approach are , first , that the requirement of consideration restricts voluntary obligations to those created by an agreement establishing an exchange relation because such agreements are in all probability moments of careful deliberation ; and secondly , consideration functions like a formality , such as notorization or a seal , in order to ensure the seriousness of the promise .
the two main variants of this approach are , first , that the requirement of consideration restricts voluntary obligations to those created by an agreement establishing an exchange relation because such agreements are in all probability moments of careful deliberation ; and secondly , consideration functions like a formality , such as notorization or a seal , in order to [make sure] the seriousness of the promise .

In short , consideration does not ensure the seriousness of a promise , and if this were the aim of the doctrine , it would surely be more straightforward to devise an explicit test of seriousness .
in short , consideration does not [make sure] the seriousness of a promise , and if this were the aim of the doctrine , it would surely be more straightforward to devise an explicit test of seriousness .

Ultimately the law has responded to this problem by intervening to try to ensure that the market resembles as closely as possible the paradigm of perfect competition , outlawing monopoly and trade practices that deviate from that paradigm .
ultimately the law has responded to this problem by intervening to try to [make sure] that the market resembles as closely as possible the paradigm of perfect competition , outlawing monopoly and trade practices that deviate from that paradigm .

Their powers are granted to them by the state and the courts ensure through the ultra vires or jurisdictional principle that they do not act outside their powers .
their powers are granted to them by the state and the courts [make sure] through the ultra vires or jurisdictional principle that they do not act outside their powers .

In addition the received legal model of the company gives powers to the shareholders to ensure that the directors once in office do not use their powers for their own self-interest .
in addition the received legal model of the company gives powers to the shareholders to [make sure] that the directors once in office do not use their powers for their own self-interest .

What these legislative reforms seem to be suggesting is that all is basically well with the traditional model where the directors of the company manage the company but are supervised in that task by the shareholders who , if given the requisite powers , can be relied upon to ensure that directors do not use their powers for their own purposes .
what these legislative reforms seem to be suggesting is that all is basically well with the traditional model where the directors of the company manage the company but are supervised in that task by the shareholders who , if given the requisite powers , can be relied upon to [make sure] that directors do not use their powers for their own purposes .

Several attempts have been made , however , to breathe new life into the traditional model which relies on structuring the internal organization of the company appropriately to ensure that controls are exercised over corporate managers .
several attempts have been made , however , to breathe new life into the traditional model which relies on structuring the internal organization of the company appropriately to [make sure] that controls are exercised over corporate managers .

Since it is not involved in the management of the company it is in a position to monitor and check the performance of the executives actually managing the company , to ensure that they act only in the interests of the shareholders .
since it is not involved in the management of the company it is in a position to monitor and check the performance of the executives actually managing the company , to [make sure] that they act only in the interests of the shareholders .

One analysis of the function of these duties is that they ensure that the directors of the company have sufficient discretion and flexibility to be able to manage the company efficiently , whilst precluding them from exercising this discretion contrary to the interests of the shareholders .
one analysis of the function of these duties is that they [make sure] that the directors of the company have sufficient discretion and flexibility to be able to manage the company efficiently , whilst precluding them from exercising this discretion contrary to the interests of the shareholders .

Judicial review of the exercise of discretionary powers by administrative bodies has been self-consciously based on the need to ensure that the intention of the legislature is implemented and that discretionary power is subjected to some sort of control in the name of the Rule of Law .
judicial review of the exercise of discretionary powers by administrative bodies has been self-consciously based on the need to [make sure] that the intention of the legislature is implemented and that discretionary power is subjected to some sort of control in the name of the rule of law .

The review of directors ' managerial decisions can be viewed as being motivated by a similar desire to ensure that directors exercise their powers only in accordance with the will of their constituents ( the shareholders ) and that they are subjected to the controls often associated with the Rule of Law to prevent them from using their power arbitrarily .
the review of directors ' managerial decisions can be viewed as being motivated by a similar desire to [make sure] that directors exercise their powers only in accordance with the will of their constituents ( the shareholders ) and that they are subjected to the controls often associated with the rule of law to prevent them from using their power arbitrarily .

Where broad discretionary powers have been conferred upon public authorities the courts take it upon themselves to review the exercise of those powers to ensure that the body does not make decisions which are so unreasonable that no reasonable body could have come to such a decision ; to ensure that the decision-makers are not biased and that decisions are not made mala fide or for any improper purpose .
where broad discretionary powers have been conferred upon public authorities the courts take it upon themselves to review the exercise of those powers to [make sure] that the body does not make decisions which are so unreasonable that no reasonable body could have come to such a decision ; to [make sure] that the decision-makers are not biased and that decisions are not made mala fide or for any improper purpose .

In company law it can equally be argued that by casting trustee-like duties on directors so that they are required to act only in the interests of the shareholders the law aims to ensure that the will of the shareholders is implemented .
in company law it can equally be argued that by casting trustee-like duties on directors so that they are required to act only in the interests of the shareholders the law aims to [make sure] that the will of the shareholders is implemented .

In conclusion , the argument that the duty of directors to act only in the interests of the shareholders operates to ensure that the will of the shareholders is implemented by the management of the company is fundamentally flawed because the directors have considerable discretion in defining exactly what the interests of the shareholders are .
in conclusion , the argument that the duty of directors to act only in the interests of the shareholders operates to [make sure] that the will of the shareholders is implemented by the management of the company is fundamentally flawed because the directors have considerable discretion in defining exactly what the interests of the shareholders are .

Another analysis of the function of imposing fiduciary duties on directors is that these duties are designed to ensure that directors act only within the ambit of their special expertise .
another analysis of the function of imposing fiduciary duties on directors is that these duties are designed to [make sure] that directors act only within the ambit of their special expertise .

Once again a similar argument exists in administrative law-namely that the function of judicial review is to ensure that public bodies only take decisions which are within the scope of their expertise .
once again a similar argument exists in administrative law-namely that the function of judicial review is to [make sure] that public bodies only take decisions which are within the scope of their expertise .

One view is that the expertise of the managers will ensure that they use their broad discretionary power to maximize the profits of the company in the interests of the shareholders .
one view is that the expertise of the managers will [make sure] that they use their broad discretionary power to maximize the profits of the company in the interests of the shareholders .

The internal organization of the company does not provide an adequate safeguard against the power of the managers being used for their own ends ; and the imposition of fiduciary duties does not ensure that the discretion of the managers is only exercised either in accordance with the wishes of the shareholders or in accordance only with the expertise of the managers , since both these concepts prove impossibly difficult to define .
the internal organization of the company does not provide an adequate safeguard against the power of the managers being used for their own ends ; and the imposition of fiduciary duties does not [make sure] that the discretion of the managers is only exercised either in accordance with the wishes of the shareholders or in accordance only with the expertise of the managers , since both these concepts prove impossibly difficult to define .

Either attempts can be made to ensure that corporate managers behave as profit-maximizers by making them responsive once again to the market ; or , alternatively , new life can be breathed into the legal model of the company so that managers are once again forced to act in the interests of the shareholders .
either attempts can be made to [make sure] that corporate managers behave as profit-maximizers by making them responsive once again to the market ; or , alternatively , new life can be breathed into the legal model of the company so that managers are once again forced to act in the interests of the shareholders .

It abandons any attempt to design market or internal controls over managers to ensure that their discretion is only exercised in the interests of shareholders .
it abandons any attempt to design market or internal controls over managers to [make sure] that their discretion is only exercised in the interests of shareholders .

Mr. and Mrs. Moonen are always on hand to help with your holiday plans and ensure your stay is comfortable .
mr. and mrs. moonen are always on hand to help with your holiday plans and [make sure] your stay is comfortable .

Mr. Richardus , the manager , and all the staff will ensure that your stay at the Hotel Ark will be an enjoyable and memorable one .
mr. richardus , the manager , and all the staff will [make sure] that your stay at the hotel ark will be an enjoyable and memorable one .

An appeal has been launched to ensure that the scheme goes ahead .
an appeal has been launched to [make sure] that the scheme goes ahead .

In 1972 , Cooper legally adopted him as his son , as much to disinherit his own family as to ensure that under French law , most of his estate would go to his ‘ son ’ .
in 1972 , cooper legally adopted him as his son , as much to disinherit his own family as to [make sure] that under french law , most of his estate would go to his ‘ son ’ .

Close cooperation between Christian and Muslim leaders is essential for national unity , and both faith groups are challenged to do all they can to ensure that belief in one creation and one God is a force that unites people rather than dividing them .
close cooperation between christian and muslim leaders is essential for national unity , and both faith groups are challenged to do all they can to [make sure] that belief in one creation and one god is a force that unites people rather than dividing them .

They include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology required to ensure rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .
they include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology required to [make sure] rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .

First — The Spanish Government and Baron Thyssen-Bornemisza will create a new Private Cultural Foundation under Spanish law , domiciled in Madrid , to which the Spanish Government will provide rent-free ( for the same parallel term of years as the loan mentioned in Clause Three below ) the use of the Villahermosa Palace and which will be endowed by the Spanish Government with sufficient capital for the refurbishment of the Palace and to provide all necessary financial resources to ensure the independence of the Foundation and to ensure that it is able to meet all its artistic and curatorial commitments .
first — the spanish government and baron thyssen-bornemisza will create a new private cultural foundation under spanish law , domiciled in madrid , to which the spanish government will provide rent-free ( for the same parallel term of years as the loan mentioned in clause three below ) the use of the villahermosa palace and which will be endowed by the spanish government with sufficient capital for the refurbishment of the palace and to provide all necessary financial resources to [make sure] the independence of the foundation and to [make sure] that it is able to meet all its artistic and curatorial commitments .

The therapist must ensure that the client 's ratings of anxiety are as accurate as possible by discussing them in detail with the client .
the therapist must [make sure] that the client 's ratings of anxiety are as accurate as possible by discussing them in detail with the client .

Close cooperation between Christian and Muslim leaders is essential for national unity , and both faith groups are challenged to do all they can to ensure that belief in one creation and one God is a force that unites people rather than dividing them .
close cooperation between christian and muslim leaders is essential for national unity , and both faith groups are challenged to do all they can to [make sure] that belief in one creation and one god is a force that unites people rather than dividing them .

They include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology required to ensure rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .
they include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology required to [make sure] rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .

Provided that your material is newsworthy and you ensure that it lands on the right person 's desk at the right time , the chances are that it will be published .
provided that your material is newsworthy and you [make sure] that it lands on the right person 's desk at the right time , the chances are that it will be published .

Here again it is very important to ensure that all names titles are spelt correctly .
here again it is very important to [make sure] that all names titles are spelt correctly .

The excessive use of embargoes devalues the practice and makes it more difficult to ensure that the embargo is kept when it is really important .
the excessive use of embargoes devalues the practice and makes it more difficult to [make sure] that the embargo is kept when it is really important .

It is just as important to ensure that the contact names , addresses and phone numbers are included on captions as on releases .
it is just as important to [make sure] that the contact names , addresses and phone numbers are included on captions as on releases .

He , too , needs to be briefed on the need for and the purpose of the photographs — for it is important to ensure his willing cooperation .
he , too , needs to be briefed on the need for and the purpose of the photographs — for it is important to [make sure] his willing cooperation .

If other specialists are involved , a general briefing meeting will ensure that everyone knows exactly what is required of them .
if other specialists are involved , a general briefing meeting will [make sure] that everyone knows exactly what is required of them .

8 Make a final check on the photograph before it is taken to ensure that it will do its job . Does the picture show the subject off to best advantage ?
8 make a final check on the photograph before it is taken to [make sure] that it will do its job . does the picture show the subject off to best advantage ?

Colour transparencies are expensive and extra care needs to be taken to ensure that they are not lost through carelessness or neglect .
colour transparencies are expensive and extra care needs to be taken to [make sure] that they are not lost through carelessness or neglect .

For studio work ensure that all the material has been delivered well in advance .
for studio work [make sure] that all the material has been delivered well in advance .

8 Assess each picture before it is taken to ensure that the picture is relevant and makes its point .
8 assess each picture before it is taken to [make sure] that the picture is relevant and makes its point .

9 Ensure that photographs are processed in a manner which will suit editorial requirements .
9 [make sure] that photographs are processed in a manner which will suit editorial requirements .

The trick is to ensure that there are no magazines represented which compete directly with each other .
the trick is to [make sure] that there are no magazines represented which compete directly with each other .

4 Check on the telephone manners of everyone who is likely to answer media enquiries by ringing in yourself ; ensure that the attitude of everyone is helpful and friendly .
4 check on the telephone manners of everyone who is likely to answer media enquiries by ringing in yourself ; [make sure] that the attitude of everyone is helpful and friendly .

9 Make the decision to entertain a rational one and ensure that you have something useful to impart or to discuss .
9 make the decision to entertain a rational one and [make sure] that you have something useful to impart or to discuss .

Careful timing will also he required to ensure that the item is actually happening at the time it fits into the programme .
careful timing will also he required to [make sure] that the item is actually happening at the time it fits into the programme .

This usually all works well with a large one-off competition , but if you have organised a series of regional newspaper competitions , for example , you will need to have a foolproof system to ensure that winners receive their prizes shortly after winning and you do not have irate editors ringing up saying that their readers are growing angry at the lack of delivery .
this usually all works well with a large one-off competition , but if you have organised a series of regional newspaper competitions , for example , you will need to have a foolproof system to [make sure] that winners receive their prizes shortly after winning and you do not have irate editors ringing up saying that their readers are growing angry at the lack of delivery .

Where a potable-water source is in use , great care must be exercised to ensure that no cross-connexion can be made with any other supply .
where a potable-water source is in use , great care must be exercised to [make sure] that no cross-connexion can be made with any other supply .

With this available , the main concerns are to ensure that the tank is large enough and that sufficient head is maintained in the supply line to keep the tank full .
with this available , the main concerns are to [make sure] that the tank is large enough and that sufficient head is maintained in the supply line to keep the tank full .

However , a high knot-count is necessary to produce extremely intricate designs and the more intricate the design , the more knots needed to ensure its success .
however , a high knot-count is necessary to produce extremely intricate designs and the more intricate the design , the more knots needed to [make sure] its success .

For a harmonious effect , aim to reflect the overall tonality of the room , or ensure that a single colour from the woodwork or furnishings is echoed in the rug .
for a harmonious effect , aim to reflect the overall tonality of the room , or [make sure] that a single colour from the woodwork or furnishings is echoed in the rug .

Contrasting shades can enliven a room by providing an invigorating tonal counterpoint , but care needs to be taken to ensure that colours do not clash .
contrasting shades can enliven a room by providing an invigorating tonal counterpoint , but care needs to be taken to [make sure] that colours do not clash .

The presence of minority groupings of Shiites in Turkey and Afghanistan , and pockets of Turkish-speaking Sunnites in Persia and the Caucasus ( not to mention the ubiquitous Christian Armenians and nomadic tribesmen scattered throughout the region ) ensure that there are numerous exceptions to the rule .
the presence of minority groupings of shiites in turkey and afghanistan , and pockets of turkish-speaking sunnites in persia and the caucasus ( not to mention the ubiquitous christian armenians and nomadic tribesmen scattered throughout the region ) [make sure] that there are numerous exceptions to the rule .

The materials , whether wool or silk , are second to none , and it is not uncommon for a mixture of wools from different regions — each noted for specific qualities of softness , springiness of durability — to be employed in better quality items to ensure a perfect blend of all the characteristics necessary to produce the best rug-making material .
the materials , whether wool or silk , are second to none , and it is not uncommon for a mixture of wools from different regions — each noted for specific qualities of softness , springiness of durability — to be employed in better quality items to [make sure] a perfect blend of all the characteristics necessary to produce the best rug-making material .

Hence , lump sum transfers would be required to ensure breakeven , in which case public control seems a sensible solution , with the necessary funds coming from general taxation .
hence , lump sum transfers would be required to [make sure] breakeven , in which case public control seems a sensible solution , with the necessary funds coming from general taxation .

To return to the shareholder example , having raised the point that it is in shareholders ' interests to ensure their returns are reasonable , it logically follows that there will be an incentive for them to spend a certain amount of time and money finding out about the firm 's activities and performance .
to return to the shareholder example , having raised the point that it is in shareholders ' interests to [make sure] their returns are reasonable , it logically follows that there will be an incentive for them to spend a certain amount of time and money finding out about the firm 's activities and performance .

Hence , although banks provide a constraint , they do not ensure efficiency .
hence , although banks provide a constraint , they do not [make sure] efficiency .

Therefore the view that none of the capital market constraints by itself will ensure efficiency is clearly defensible .
therefore the view that none of the capital market constraints by itself will [make sure] efficiency is clearly defensible .

No single control mechanism can ensure efficiency .
no single control mechanism can [make sure] efficiency .

External bodies may be able to keep management from moving in undesirable directions , but can they also ensure that detailed internal decisions and management procedures run smoothly ?
external bodies may be able to keep management from moving in undesirable directions , but can they also [make sure] that detailed internal decisions and management procedures run smoothly ?

The most obvious political reason for state ownership is to ensure social ownership of production , in the particular sense of `` for the people `` .
the most obvious political reason for state ownership is to [make sure] social ownership of production , in the particular sense of `` for the people `` .

Having made assumptions sufficient to ensure that marginal cost is a desirable objective , we have the question of `` which `` marginal cost is relevant .
having made assumptions sufficient to [make sure] that marginal cost is a desirable objective , we have the question of `` which `` marginal cost is relevant .

The compilation of a lexicon therefore requires considerable manual intervention to ensure that indices have been assigned in a reliable manner that fits the application .
the compilation of a lexicon therefore requires considerable manual intervention to [make sure] that indices have been assigned in a reliable manner that fits the application .

For example , consider the definition of the word ’ access ’ taken from the general collocation dictionary : access [ house house give give right terrace terrace terrace access access access pupil pupil point west various usual trade route route road require provide mean market important given gave freedom free found experience ensure educate direct deny committee case cabinet cabinet ]
for example , consider the definition of the word ’ access ’ taken from the general collocation dictionary : access [ house house give give right terrace terrace terrace access access access pupil pupil point west various usual trade route route road require provide mean market important given gave freedom free found experience [make sure] educate direct deny committee case cabinet cabinet ]

This made him an acceptable candidate as protector and , once he held that office , helped to ensure that he could call on the backing of the Yorkist establishment .
this made him an acceptable candidate as protector and , once he held that office , helped to [make sure] that he could call on the backing of the yorkist establishment .

The middle-class capitalist required the legitimacy of all his children not only to protect his possessions from being enjoyed by the offspring of other men but to ensure the loyalty of his sons who might be business partners , and of his daughters who might be essential in marriage alliances .
the middle-class capitalist required the legitimacy of all his children not only to protect his possessions from being enjoyed by the offspring of other men but to [make sure] the loyalty of his sons who might be business partners , and of his daughters who might be essential in marriage alliances .

On all TransPennine services you are advised to reserve your seat in advance to ensure a comfortable journey .
on all transpennine services you are advised to reserve your seat in advance to [make sure] a comfortable journey .

Attention focused initially upon improving the condition of potential rather than actual members of the labour force and the armed services ; on proposals and measures to diminish the infant mortality rate and to ensure that the surviving children grew up well fed and well cared for .
attention focused initially upon improving the condition of potential rather than actual members of the labour force and the armed services ; on proposals and measures to diminish the infant mortality rate and to [make sure] that the surviving children grew up well fed and well cared for .

Labour was further incensed because Balfour 's and the Cabinet majority 's crowning blow to Long 's hopes had been to ensure that the Act operated for only three years , the result of government 's unwillingness to accept permanent responsibility for the relief of unemployment .
labour was further incensed because balfour 's and the cabinet majority 's crowning blow to long 's hopes had been to [make sure] that the act operated for only three years , the result of government 's unwillingness to accept permanent responsibility for the relief of unemployment .

The easy to follow tariff chart at the back of this leaflet will help ensure that your international mail carries the correct postage .
the easy to follow tariff chart at the back of this leaflet will help [make sure] that your international mail carries the correct postage .

Our standards of service are rigorously monitored to ensure that performance is maintained at a consistently high level , and we also aim to take good care of your parcels .
our standards of service are rigorously monitored to [make sure] that performance is maintained at a consistently high level , and we also aim to take good care of your parcels .

So you can help ensure that your parcel arrives safely ; please show the full , correct address including the postcode ; if you are unsure about the correct postal address then ask at a post office counter or contact your local Customer Care Unit for advice .
so you can help [make sure] that your parcel arrives safely ; please show the full , correct address including the postcode ; if you are unsure about the correct postal address then ask at a post office counter or contact your local customer care unit for advice .

It is important that you ensure all parcels are adequately packaged to protect them in transit .
it is important that you [make sure] all parcels are adequately packaged to protect them in transit .

Sorting is now almost totally automated ; if you use the correct address and full postcode on all the letters you send , you will help to ensure the letter arrives on time .
sorting is now almost totally automated ; if you use the correct address and full postcode on all the letters you send , you will help to [make sure] the letter arrives on time .

The easiest way to ensure you do n't miss a single issue , is by opening a Standing Order Account with the British Philatelic Bureau .
the easiest way to [make sure] you do n't miss a single issue , is by opening a standing order account with the british philatelic bureau .

‘ It shall be the duty of every self-employed person to conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that he and other persons ( not being his employees ) who may be affected thereby are not thereby exposed to risks to their health or safety . ’
‘ it shall be the duty of every self-employed person to conduct his undertaking in such a way as to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that he and other persons ( not being his employees ) who may be affected thereby are not thereby exposed to risks to their health or safety . ’

‘ It shall be the duty of each person who has , to any extent , control of premises to which this Article applies or of the means of access thereto or egress therefrom or of any plant or substance in such premises to take such measures as it is reasonable for a person in his position to take to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the premises , all means of access thereto or egress therefrom available for use by persons using the premises , and any plant or substance in the premises or , as the case may be , provided for use there , is or are safe and without risks to health . ’
‘ it shall be the duty of each person who has , to any extent , control of premises to which this article applies or of the means of access thereto or egress therefrom or of any plant or substance in such premises to take such measures as it is reasonable for a person in his position to take to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the premises , all means of access thereto or egress therefrom available for use by persons using the premises , and any plant or substance in the premises or , as the case may be , provided for use there , is or are safe and without risks to health . ’

to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the article is so designed and constructed as to be safe and without risks to health when properly used ;
to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the article is so designed and constructed as to be safe and without risks to health when properly used ;

‘ It shall be the duty of any person who erects or installs any article for use at work in any premises where that article is to be used by persons at work to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that nothing about the way in which it is erected or installed makes it unsafe or a risk to health when properly used . ’
‘ it shall be the duty of any person who erects or installs any article for use at work in any premises where that article is to be used by persons at work to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that nothing about the way in which it is erected or installed makes it unsafe or a risk to health when properly used . ’

to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the substance is safe and without risks to health when properly used ;
to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the substance is safe and without risks to health when properly used ;

to take such steps as are necessary to secure that there will be available in connection with the use of the substance at work adequate information about the results of any relevant tests which have been carried out on or in connection with the substance and about any conditions necessary to ensure that it will be safe and without risks to health when properly used . ’
to take such steps as are necessary to secure that there will be available in connection with the use of the substance at work adequate information about the results of any relevant tests which have been carried out on or in connection with the substance and about any conditions necessary to [make sure] that it will be safe and without risks to health when properly used . ’

‘ Where a person designs , manufactures , imports or supplies an article for or to another on the basis of a written undertaking by that other to take specified steps sufficient to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly used , the undertaking shall have the effect of relieving the first-mentioned person from the duty imposed by paragraph ( 1 ) ( a ) to such extent as is reasonable having regard to the terms of the undertaking . ’
‘ where a person designs , manufactures , imports or supplies an article for or to another on the basis of a written undertaking by that other to take specified steps sufficient to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly used , the undertaking shall have the effect of relieving the first-mentioned person from the duty imposed by paragraph ( 1 ) ( a ) to such extent as is reasonable having regard to the terms of the undertaking . ’

‘ It shall be the duty of every employer to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , the health , safety and welfare at work of all his employees . ’
‘ it shall be the duty of every employer to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , the health , safety and welfare at work of all his employees . ’

‘ the provision of such information , instruction , training and supervision as is necessary to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , the health and safety at work of his employees . ’
‘ the provision of such information , instruction , training and supervision as is necessary to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , the health and safety at work of his employees . ’

They are required to ensure so far as is reasonably practicable that any plant ( machinery , equipment or appliance ) is so designed and constructed as to be safe and without risk to health .
they are required to [make sure] so far as is reasonably practicable that any plant ( machinery , equipment or appliance ) is so designed and constructed as to be safe and without risk to health .

They must also carry out any testing or examination necessary to achieve this and they must ensure that adequate information will be available about the use for which it was designed and about any conditions necessary for its safe use .
they must also carry out any testing or examination necessary to achieve this and they must [make sure] that adequate information will be available about the use for which it was designed and about any conditions necessary for its safe use .

Given a society in which death is a familiar occurrence and in which most children will have experienced the loss of a sibling through death ; given , too , a belief in a highly authoritarian God with unlimited powers of reward or punishment through heaven or hell : the logical consequence is to prepare children as carefully for death as for life , to ensure above all else that the child shall be ‘ saved ’ at least spiritually , if not physically , and indeed to avoid tempting the deity by any suggestion that life is preferable to a happy death .
given a society in which death is a familiar occurrence and in which most children will have experienced the loss of a sibling through death ; given , too , a belief in a highly authoritarian god with unlimited powers of reward or punishment through heaven or hell : the logical consequence is to prepare children as carefully for death as for life , to [make sure] above all else that the child shall be ‘ saved ’ at least spiritually , if not physically , and indeed to avoid tempting the deity by any suggestion that life is preferable to a happy death .

State provision , local parental initiative , private arrangements ) , as well as variations in the resources available to ensure a high quality of care and education .
state provision , local parental initiative , private arrangements ) , as well as variations in the resources available to [make sure] a high quality of care and education .

It is true that many of the experiments in this area were grossly inadequate in method : they failed to ensure that the individuals they studied were similar , apart from the single factor being scrutinized ; they relied unduly on mothers ' memories for information about early events ; their various findings could not be compared because of disagreement about what should be counted as ‘ early weaning ’ or ‘ harsh training ’ , and so on .
it is true that many of the experiments in this area were grossly inadequate in method : they failed to [make sure] that the individuals they studied were similar , apart from the single factor being scrutinized ; they relied unduly on mothers ' memories for information about early events ; their various findings could not be compared because of disagreement about what should be counted as ‘ early weaning ’ or ‘ harsh training ’ , and so on .

Investigations with animals avoid this problem , for there one can ensure that the ‘ treated ’ and the ‘ untreated ’ groups would have identical intervening experience .
investigations with animals avoid this problem , for there one can [make sure] that the ‘ treated ’ and the ‘ untreated ’ groups would have identical intervening experience .

No wonder investigators have found it more profitable to examine this problem in animals , where it is much easier to programme experience and ensure that only single events are studied without the influence of others .
no wonder investigators have found it more profitable to examine this problem in animals , where it is much easier to programme experience and [make sure] that only single events are studied without the influence of others .

By establishing strict protocols , infection control nurses can ensure high standards of hygiene are maintained to the benefit of both nurses and patients .
by establishing strict protocols , infection control nurses can [make sure] high standards of hygiene are maintained to the benefit of both nurses and patients .

Objective assessment of pain in necessary to ensure adequate pain relief .
objective assessment of pain in necessary to [make sure] adequate pain relief .

Objective assessment of pain is obviously necessary to ensure adequate provision of analgesia for babies , and some authors have addressed this subject , notably Sparsholt ( 1989 ) and Franck ( 1987 ) who provide guidelines for pain assessment .
objective assessment of pain is obviously necessary to [make sure] adequate provision of analgesia for babies , and some authors have addressed this subject , notably sparsholt ( 1989 ) and franck ( 1987 ) who provide guidelines for pain assessment .

Objective pain assessment is required to ensure adequate pain relief .
objective pain assessment is required to [make sure] adequate pain relief .

Mitchell ( 1985 ) asserts that the prime objective of perinatal care should be ‘ to ensure that new individuals reach adult life in the best possible state ’ and that the final outcome is determined by many interacting factors from genetic endowment to educational development , but above all by the qualities of parents , eugenically before conception , psychologically during pregnancy and personally after birth .
mitchell ( 1985 ) asserts that the prime objective of perinatal care should be ‘ to [make sure] that new individuals reach adult life in the best possible state ’ and that the final outcome is determined by many interacting factors from genetic endowment to educational development , but above all by the qualities of parents , eugenically before conception , psychologically during pregnancy and personally after birth .

The counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure assessment is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .
the counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to [make sure] assessment is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .

leyasu sought to establish a system of rule that would ensure the continued dominance of his heirs .
leyasu sought to establish a system of rule that would [make sure] the continued dominance of his heirs .

Or was the change a more superficial one in which a crude , but no longer viable , form of isolation was replaced by a more subtle variant , in which the techniques of the West were adopted to preserve and strengthen an essentially unchanged sense of cultural uniqueness and social order , and ensure survival in an unpredictable and hostile world ?
or was the change a more superficial one in which a crude , but no longer viable , form of isolation was replaced by a more subtle variant , in which the techniques of the west were adopted to preserve and strengthen an essentially unchanged sense of cultural uniqueness and social order , and [make sure] survival in an unpredictable and hostile world ?

The establishment worked hard to ensure that allegiance to the nation transcended allegiance to any other group or individual .
the establishment worked hard to [make sure] that allegiance to the nation transcended allegiance to any other group or individual .

Any eyes or blemishes should be removed and the potatoes should be cut into even-sized pieces to ensure that they are all cooked at the same time .
any eyes or blemishes should be removed and the potatoes should be cut into even-sized pieces to [make sure] that they are all cooked at the same time .

Cook potatoes of a similar size together to ensure they cook evenly .
cook potatoes of a similar size together to [make sure] they cook evenly .

Large sales forces , backed by national press and television advertising and thorough test marketing , ensure that the wholesalers , retailers and customers all know what products are being offered .
large sales forces , backed by national press and television advertising and thorough test marketing , [make sure] that the wholesalers , retailers and customers all know what products are being offered .

Chitted seed , along with adequate fertiliser , should be planted early to ensure early maturity .
chitted seed , along with adequate fertiliser , should be planted early to [make sure] early maturity .

Cut potatoes into equal-sized pieces to ensure even cooking .
cut potatoes into equal-sized pieces to [make sure] even cooking .

This is to make it clear to whom the letter is intended , to ensure that the recipient has an address for further correspondence and to provide the address for window envelopes if they are being used .
this is to make it clear to whom the letter is intended , to [make sure] that the recipient has an address for further correspondence and to provide the address for window envelopes if they are being used .

When you make your calls , ensure that you speak clearly and precisely .
when you make your calls , [make sure] that you speak clearly and precisely .

Reporters can not be everywhere and so press releases can help to ensure that newsworthy events receive the publicity they deserve .
reporters can not be everywhere and so press releases can help to [make sure] that newsworthy events receive the publicity they deserve .

The testing process is absolutely vital , not only to ensure that a significant problem exists which would be alleviated by a harmonizing measure but also to identify it accurately .
the testing process is absolutely vital , not only to [make sure] that a significant problem exists which would be alleviated by a harmonizing measure but also to identify it accurately .

There is a tendency to formulate proposals for uniform laws without adequate liaison among the various bodies involved in harmonization to ensure that each is kept informed as to the other 's projected programme of activity and that duplication of effort is avoided .
there is a tendency to formulate proposals for uniform laws without adequate liaison among the various bodies involved in harmonization to [make sure] that each is kept informed as to the other 's projected programme of activity and that duplication of effort is avoided .

It is then necessary to market it , through lectures , seminars , and meetings with governments , business interests , and lawyers , in order to generate a groundswell of support which will help to ensure ratification .
it is then necessary to market it , through lectures , seminars , and meetings with governments , business interests , and lawyers , in order to generate a groundswell of support which will help to [make sure] ratification .

We shall ensure that all staff receive proper training and are required to uphold the principles of this Code .
we shall [make sure] that all staff receive proper training and are required to uphold the principles of this code .

All our credit assessment practices , in particular our credit scoring techniques , are continually reviewed to ensure that they are prudent and reasonable in the prevailing social and economic circumstances .
all our credit assessment practices , in particular our credit scoring techniques , are continually reviewed to [make sure] that they are prudent and reasonable in the prevailing social and economic circumstances .

c ) We shall continually review our debt recovery procedures and those of solicitors , debt collection agencies and others whose services we use to obtain repayment of debts , so as to ensure that acceptable standards are maintained .
c ) we shall continually review our debt recovery procedures and those of solicitors , debt collection agencies and others whose services we use to obtain repayment of debts , so as to [make sure] that acceptable standards are maintained .

The branch manager will ensure that the query is investigated objectively and hopefully be able to resolve the matter to your satisfaction .
the branch manager will [make sure] that the query is investigated objectively and hopefully be able to resolve the matter to your satisfaction .

To ensure that your staff or pensioners are paid the right amount on the day you specify , all you have to do each week or month is complete a special , easy to follow form with such variable payment details as bonuses and overtime , and send it to our computer centre .
to [make sure] that your staff or pensioners are paid the right amount on the day you specify , all you have to do each week or month is complete a special , easy to follow form with such variable payment details as bonuses and overtime , and send it to our computer centre .

At Midland , we have our FlexiLoan and Home Management Accounts , to help ensure the money is always there .
at midland , we have our flexiloan and home management accounts , to help [make sure] the money is always there .

Monies are paid to a business in a variety of forms and all our services are designed to ensure that funds are received , processed , and credited to accounts as quickly and cost effectively as possible .
monies are paid to a business in a variety of forms and all our services are designed to [make sure] that funds are received , processed , and credited to accounts as quickly and cost effectively as possible .

Strategically placed throughout the country , each Centre is equipped with the latest technical processing systems and is staffed by specialists to ensure an unprecedented quality of service .
strategically placed throughout the country , each centre is equipped with the latest technical processing systems and is staffed by specialists to [make sure] an unprecedented quality of service .

Another key element of any money transmission service is the reconciliation of bank account balances with sales and purchases ledgers to ensure the effective monitoring and management of funds .
another key element of any money transmission service is the reconciliation of bank account balances with sales and purchases ledgers to [make sure] the effective monitoring and management of funds .

Every precaution had to be taken to ensure that the book would be read , not burned .
every precaution had to be taken to [make sure] that the book would be read , not burned .

Ministers ensure that there are well-staffed press offices to promote the most favourable reception for their policies and decisions .
ministers [make sure] that there are well-staffed press offices to promote the most favourable reception for their policies and decisions .

As was seen at the recent September Gala the old gentleman is feeling his age and his appearance on the Sunday was only possible after herculean efforts on the part of the staff who had to work on a hot locomotive , in the most trying conditions , to ensure an appearance at the Gala Weekend .
as was seen at the recent september gala the old gentleman is feeling his age and his appearance on the sunday was only possible after herculean efforts on the part of the staff who had to work on a hot locomotive , in the most trying conditions , to [make sure] an appearance at the gala weekend .

The Regulations require that : any person who keeps any livestock on agricultural land , or who knowingly causes or permits any livestock to be so kept , must ensure that anybody attending the stock has access to the relevant Welfare Code , is aware of its provisions and ( after 1.1.92 ) if they are attending the stock on behalf of the keeper has had instruction on the Welfare Code .
the regulations require that : any person who keeps any livestock on agricultural land , or who knowingly causes or permits any livestock to be so kept , must [make sure] that anybody attending the stock has access to the relevant welfare code , is aware of its provisions and ( after 1.1.92 ) if they are attending the stock on behalf of the keeper has had instruction on the welfare code .

conditions to ensure farmers care for the countryside ;
conditions to [make sure] farmers care for the countryside ;

‘ Care and attention to ensure proper guarding , maintenance of guards and an understanding of machinery which is being used is vitally important .
‘ care and attention to [make sure] proper guarding , maintenance of guards and an understanding of machinery which is being used is vitally important .

metre to ensure you are getting good value .
metre to [make sure] you are getting good value .

There is a great temptation to overfeed in the last month to ensure calf growth and nutrition .
there is a great temptation to overfeed in the last month to [make sure] calf growth and nutrition .

To ensure adequate pollination select at least three varieties that pollinate each other .
to [make sure] adequate pollination select at least three varieties that pollinate each other .

However , we must seek ways to ensure that , in the process , they do not destabilise our domestic agriculture .
however , we must seek ways to [make sure] that , in the process , they do not destabilise our domestic agriculture .

Typically , technology innovators emphasise exports as the initial route for expansion and set up local sales subsidiaries to ensure proper control .
typically , technology innovators emphasise exports as the initial route for expansion and set up local sales subsidiaries to [make sure] proper control .

The resilience of the investor is critical to ensure that the deal will not disappoint people on both sides of the bargain .
the resilience of the investor is critical to [make sure] that the deal will not disappoint people on both sides of the bargain .

Trouble arises at this point , for no country can ensure that all its ministries and agencies manage everything in a wholly co-ordinated way .
trouble arises at this point , for no country can [make sure] that all its ministries and agencies manage everything in a wholly co-ordinated way .

’ This caused some wrangling which delayed the continuation of the pursuit , and ended in von Keller conceding that he would divide the spoils in a safe place to ensure safe division .
’ this caused some wrangling which delayed the continuation of the pursuit , and ended in von keller conceding that he would divide the spoils in a safe place to [make sure] safe division .

‘ We believe we should be accountable for out services and the inspection responsibility is to ensure they are of good quality , ’ said secretary Sandy Cameron .
‘ we believe we should be accountable for out services and the inspection responsibility is to [make sure] they are of good quality , ’ said secretary sandy cameron .

This would ensure against abuses and provide skills in counselling .
this would [make sure] against abuses and provide skills in counselling .

In the European Year of Elderly people , we aim to ensure all our readers and the wider public are well aware of elder abuse at this crucial time for services for elderly people .
in the european year of elderly people , we aim to [make sure] all our readers and the wider public are well aware of elder abuse at this crucial time for services for elderly people .

The business problem in that area has always been to ensure that we provide the maximum amount of service with our products , and that our production costs are as low as anybody else 's .
the business problem in that area has always been to [make sure] that we provide the maximum amount of service with our products , and that our production costs are as low as anybody else 's .

Enough disruption to ensure that the place is in a continual ferment of reorganization which in other companies may well be a good thing to have .
enough disruption to [make sure] that the place is in a continual ferment of reorganization which in other companies may well be a good thing to have .

This approach presents us with a particular problem since we must ensure that the representative chosen provides us with a good insight into that political theory .
this approach presents us with a particular problem since we must [make sure] that the representative chosen provides us with a good insight into that political theory .

But in addition to the political ideal of the rule of law Hayek also recognizes the need for a set of principles of institutional design to ensure that the power of the state could not be exercised in such a way as to compromise individual liberty .
but in addition to the political ideal of the rule of law hayek also recognizes the need for a set of principles of institutional design to [make sure] that the power of the state could not be exercised in such a way as to compromise individual liberty .

He argues the need for : a written constitution which is compatible with the rule of law ; the separation of legislative , executive , and judicial power so that a system of checks and balances will be in place ; a bicameral legislature , to provide an additional check ; a federal system of government to protect against big , centralized government ; a bill of rights which will protect a sphere of private autonomy ; judicial review to ensure an effective mechanism of protection ; and specific limitations on legislative and administrative discretion .
he argues the need for : a written constitution which is compatible with the rule of law ; the separation of legislative , executive , and judicial power so that a system of checks and balances will be in place ; a bicameral legislature , to provide an additional check ; a federal system of government to protect against big , centralized government ; a bill of rights which will protect a sphere of private autonomy ; judicial review to [make sure] an effective mechanism of protection ; and specific limitations on legislative and administrative discretion .

As we have seen , the realization of this objective requires that a broad variety of mechanisms are institutionalized so as to ensure that the business of government is conducted in accordance with the rule of law .
as we have seen , the realization of this objective requires that a broad variety of mechanisms are institutionalized so as to [make sure] that the business of government is conducted in accordance with the rule of law .

Dicey , however , did not respond to these developments in the role of government by proposing legal arrangements which might ensure that the values of individual liberty were reconciled with these new powers of government .
dicey , however , did not respond to these developments in the role of government by proposing legal arrangements which might [make sure] that the values of individual liberty were reconciled with these new powers of government .

In general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .
in general public law should [make sure] that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .

In general , the project of conservative normativism has been to ensure that the decisions of ‘ inferior tribunals ’ are subject to review by the superior courts applying the common law .
in general , the project of conservative normativism has been to [make sure] that the decisions of ‘ inferior tribunals ’ are subject to review by the superior courts applying the common law .

Receptionists are expected to be charming , tactful , diplomatic and capable of dealing with members of the public as well as carrying out the innumerable tasks that ensure the smooth and efficient running of the office .
receptionists are expected to be charming , tactful , diplomatic and capable of dealing with members of the public as well as carrying out the innumerable tasks that [make sure] the smooth and efficient running of the office .

The billing office has to ensure that charges are posted correctly to the guest 's folio ( bill ) .
the billing office has to [make sure] that charges are posted correctly to the guest 's folio ( bill ) .

Regular bathing and daily use of an anti-perspirant or a good deodorant will normally ensure personal freshness , but if the problem persists , a visit to the doctor is necessary .
regular bathing and daily use of an anti-perspirant or a good deodorant will normally [make sure] personal freshness , but if the problem persists , a visit to the doctor is necessary .

If a message has to be taken , be certain to record the date , time of message , who it is for , and who it is from , and always repeat the message back to the caller to ensure that the details are correct .
if a message has to be taken , be certain to record the date , time of message , who it is for , and who it is from , and always repeat the message back to the caller to [make sure] that the details are correct .

The reception desk is usually staffed by a brigade of receptionists working a rota system of 3 shifts to ensure a 24-hour coverage ; for example , 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. , 3 p.m. to 11 p.m. and 11 p.m. to 8 a.m .
the reception desk is usually staffed by a brigade of receptionists working a rota system of 3 shifts to [make sure] a 24-hour coverage ; for example , 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. , 3 p.m. to 11 p.m. and 11 p.m. to 8 a.m .

The head receptionist is usually responsible for planning the rotas to ensure that the reception desk is adequately staffed for peak periods and throughout the week .
the head receptionist is usually responsible for planning the rotas to [make sure] that the reception desk is adequately staffed for peak periods and throughout the week .

The billing office must ensure that all ‘ extras ’ are charged to the correct accounts and bills settled before luggage can be moved , and finally that all room keys are collected .
the billing office must [make sure] that all ‘ extras ’ are charged to the correct accounts and bills settled before luggage can be moved , and finally that all room keys are collected .

The escort should precede the guest into the room , make a quick check to ensure that the room is in order , then hand the key to the guest .
the escort should precede the guest into the room , make a quick check to [make sure] that the room is in order , then hand the key to the guest .

The housekeeping departments has to ensure that all rooms are prepared for the new arrivals and when a room is vacated the chambermaids have to change the linen and clean the room ready for the next letting .
the housekeeping departments has to [make sure] that all rooms are prepared for the new arrivals and when a room is vacated the chambermaids have to change the linen and clean the room ready for the next letting .

The housekeeper can plan the work rotas to ensure that all rooms will be checked , cleaned and serviced ready for re-let , as soon as they have been vacated .
the housekeeper can plan the work rotas to [make sure] that all rooms will be checked , cleaned and serviced ready for re-let , as soon as they have been vacated .

The cashier will ensure that all valuables in the safe or in a safety deposit box are collected by the guest and a signed receipt obtained .
the cashier will [make sure] that all valuables in the safe or in a safety deposit box are collected by the guest and a signed receipt obtained .

All bills for departing guests must be made up and double checked to ensure that all charges have been posted to them ( Fig. 3.8(c) , Fig. 3.30 ) .
all bills for departing guests must be made up and double checked to [make sure] that all charges have been posted to them ( fig. 3.8(c) , fig. 3.30 ) .

Before the brigade of receptionists change shift they must ensure that all work has been processed as far as possible and that any messages or matters to be dealt with are brought to the attention of the evening shift .
before the brigade of receptionists change shift they must [make sure] that all work has been processed as far as possible and that any messages or matters to be dealt with are brought to the attention of the evening shift .

Cash floats should be rechecked to ensure that cashiers have enough change for the evening business .
cash floats should be rechecked to [make sure] that cashiers have enough change for the evening business .

If a letter contains more than one sheet of paper it should be weighed on the letter scales to ensure the correct amount of postage is affixed .
if a letter contains more than one sheet of paper it should be weighed on the letter scales to [make sure] the correct amount of postage is affixed .

In the control office the top copies of the waiters ' checks from the kitchen or bar , together with the second copies from the cashiers , are checked against charged bills , duplicates of the paid bills and summary sheets to ensure that the pricing is correct and that everything has been charged .
in the control office the top copies of the waiters ' checks from the kitchen or bar , together with the second copies from the cashiers , are checked against charged bills , duplicates of the paid bills and summary sheets to [make sure] that the pricing is correct and that everything has been charged .

To ensure that income tax and national insurance contributions ( including employer 's contributions ) are paid to the local inspector of taxes .
to [make sure] that income tax and national insurance contributions ( including employer 's contributions ) are paid to the local inspector of taxes .

At the end of the financial year the employer must ensure that :
at the end of the financial year the employer must [make sure] that :

An innkeeper , as we have seen , is under a duty to provide reasonable refreshment if so required and accommodation to a traveller ; hence , the innkeeper has a right of lien over a traveller 's property as well as over a guests ' to ensure that the traveller 's bill is duly paid .
an innkeeper , as we have seen , is under a duty to provide reasonable refreshment if so required and accommodation to a traveller ; hence , the innkeeper has a right of lien over a traveller 's property as well as over a guests ' to [make sure] that the traveller 's bill is duly paid .

The Problem Administrator ( a member of the Computer Group ) will monitor the progress of each problem to ensure that action is being taken .
the problem administrator ( a member of the computer group ) will monitor the progress of each problem to [make sure] that action is being taken .

The Problem Administrator will ensure that timely action is taken to resolve the problem .
the problem administrator will [make sure] that timely action is taken to resolve the problem .

The Computer Group Manager will ensure that timely action is taken to resolve the problem .
the computer group manager will [make sure] that timely action is taken to resolve the problem .

The Computer Group Manager will ensure that action is taken to resolve the problem .
the computer group manager will [make sure] that action is taken to resolve the problem .

those reports that have not been closed , to ensure that action is being taken to resolve the problem and to ensure that appropriate notes have been added to the descriptions of the problem reports to reflect the current status of the problem and the action being taken .
those reports that have not been closed , to [make sure] that action is being taken to resolve the problem and to [make sure] that appropriate notes have been added to the descriptions of the problem reports to reflect the current status of the problem and the action being taken .

All seven families with a transient result were interviewed to gain their perspective of the programme and ensure they had no lingering doubts about their sons ' health .
all seven families with a transient result were interviewed to gain their perspective of the programme and [make sure] they had no lingering doubts about their sons ' health .

Our concern is not the actual refusal rate but to ensure that families have choice on the basis of informed consent .
our concern is not the actual refusal rate but to [make sure] that families have choice on the basis of informed consent .

But it is the specific duty of public health doctors to ensure that the entire medical profession and those whom medical practitioners work with and seek or need to influence ( including health authorities ) are working towards improving the public health .
but it is the specific duty of public health doctors to [make sure] that the entire medical profession and those whom medical practitioners work with and seek or need to influence ( including health authorities ) are working towards improving the public health .

In the 1990s there will be a concerted move by professional bodies such as the British Association for Counselling and the British Psychological Society to regulate counselling and ensure that those who practise are both competent and qualified to do so .
in the 1990s there will be a concerted move by professional bodies such as the british association for counselling and the british psychological society to regulate counselling and [make sure] that those who practise are both competent and qualified to do so .

We believe that good clinical practice should include monitoring the concentrations of streptomycin during treatment , both to avoid potentially toxic concentrations and to ensure adequate dosage .
we believe that good clinical practice should include monitoring the concentrations of streptomycin during treatment , both to avoid potentially toxic concentrations and to [make sure] adequate dosage .

The Oregon experiment was introduced to ensure a basic level of health care for poor and elderly people .
the oregon experiment was introduced to [make sure] a basic level of health care for poor and elderly people .

Given the importance of the uses to which information from assessments is put , greater standardisation of methods of assessment is needed to ensure that the validity and reliability of information obtained are acceptable .
given the importance of the uses to which information from assessments is put , greater standardisation of methods of assessment is needed to [make sure] that the validity and reliability of information obtained are acceptable .

However , financial security is no longer the problem it was for most people ; welfare systems ensure survival .
however , financial security is no longer the problem it was for most people ; welfare systems [make sure] survival .

It is essential to the association of individuals in the first place and essential to ensure its continuation by sharing codes of behaviour .
it is essential to the association of individuals in the first place and essential to [make sure] its continuation by sharing codes of behaviour .

Power is also essential to the endless readjustments that members make to ensure the survival of the firm .
power is also essential to the endless readjustments that members make to [make sure] the survival of the firm .

Similarly , participative structures are consciously designed to encourage upward influence to ensure the creative ideas of those lower in the hierarchy are heard and seen .
similarly , participative structures are consciously designed to encourage upward influence to [make sure] the creative ideas of those lower in the hierarchy are heard and seen .

Once there they should have the capacity ( if not the inclination ) to change organizations to ensure their renewal and growth .
once there they should have the capacity ( if not the inclination ) to change organizations to [make sure] their renewal and growth .

Such a measure means accepting that compulsory powers are necessary to ensure that this circumscribed group of detained patients are encouraged to maintain their continued care in the community , rather than to be frequently detained in hospital or to become a casualty in the community .
such a measure means accepting that compulsory powers are necessary to [make sure] that this circumscribed group of detained patients are encouraged to maintain their continued care in the community , rather than to be frequently detained in hospital or to become a casualty in the community .

Insulin doses were not altered throughout the study except to ensure ( on the basis of the home blood glucose test results ) that glycaemic control was not altered or to avoid unacceptable hypoglycaemia ( mainly during the run in phase ) .
insulin doses were not altered throughout the study except to [make sure] ( on the basis of the home blood glucose test results ) that glycaemic control was not altered or to avoid unacceptable hypoglycaemia ( mainly during the run in phase ) .

Secondly , the medical adviser will appreciate the variety of ways of delivering care within a practice and can ensure that research into processes of delivery of care is not neglected .
secondly , the medical adviser will appreciate the variety of ways of delivering care within a practice and can [make sure] that research into processes of delivery of care is not neglected .

Family health service authorities should ensure that their arguments are backed up with research evidence when negotiating contracts with regional health authorities and in discussions with the Department of Health .
family health service authorities should [make sure] that their arguments are backed up with research evidence when negotiating contracts with regional health authorities and in discussions with the department of health .

Difficult decisions will need to be made to ensure that commissioned research is sufficiently responsive to the needs of purchasing authorities but at the same time of sufficient scientific rigour to attract good quality academic researchers .
difficult decisions will need to be made to [make sure] that commissioned research is sufficiently responsive to the needs of purchasing authorities but at the same time of sufficient scientific rigour to attract good quality academic researchers .

The development of research into prescribing involves general practitioners , pharmacists , and nurses and requires detailed guidelines to ensure that patients ' privacy is protected and that their needs are not subordinated by commercial or individual financial interests .
the development of research into prescribing involves general practitioners , pharmacists , and nurses and requires detailed guidelines to [make sure] that patients ' privacy is protected and that their needs are not subordinated by commercial or individual financial interests .

Perhaps all deaths recorded as due to asthma should be analysed by an independent panel of experts to ensure that the national statistics are correct .
perhaps all deaths recorded as due to asthma should be analysed by an independent panel of experts to [make sure] that the national statistics are correct .

The first step in empowering house officers so that change can happen is to ensure that they know what they are entitled to expect from the job .
the first step in empowering house officers so that change can happen is to [make sure] that they know what they are entitled to expect from the job .

If the Development Manager considers the change proposed has little or no impact on functionality , cost , or timescale when he should allow the incorporation of the change into the design and ensure that it is described in the design documentation .
if the development manager considers the change proposed has little or no impact on functionality , cost , or timescale when he should allow the incorporation of the change into the design and [make sure] that it is described in the design documentation .

If the Development Manager considers that the proposed change is necessary but will have an impact on functionality , cost or timescale , then he should ensure that the person requesting the proposed change follows the formal Change Procedures .
if the development manager considers that the proposed change is necessary but will have an impact on functionality , cost or timescale , then he should [make sure] that the person requesting the proposed change follows the formal change procedures .

ensure that the checklist on the Change Control Form is complete
[make sure] that the checklist on the change control form is complete

Executive branch ‘ henchmen ’ in the whips ' office armed with inducements and sanctions can , in almost all cases , ensure that rank and file members of the legislature will follow the injunctions of the party leadership .
executive branch ‘ henchmen ’ in the whips ' office armed with inducements and sanctions can , in almost all cases , [make sure] that rank and file members of the legislature will follow the injunctions of the party leadership .

After his re-election in 1972 Nixon asked for the resignations of all non career employees in the executive branch and took steps to ensure that all those appointed or reappointed were loyal to him and his policies .
after his re-election in 1972 nixon asked for the resignations of all non career employees in the executive branch and took steps to [make sure] that all those appointed or reappointed were loyal to him and his policies .

There was also an attempt to ensure full and free participation in committee hearings by all members and restraints were imposed on the use of proxy votes by chairmen ; in addition , all votes in committee and on the floor were now to be recorded and open to public scrutiny .
there was also an attempt to [make sure] full and free participation in committee hearings by all members and restraints were imposed on the use of proxy votes by chairmen ; in addition , all votes in committee and on the floor were now to be recorded and open to public scrutiny .

Before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the Reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .
before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to [make sure] that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .

Meese was closely involved in the appointment of cabinet members and worked with Pendleton James , the White House personnel director , to ensure that not only sub-cabinet appointments but also the 2,000 lower level political positions went , as far as possible , to candidates who were both competent and ideologically sound .
meese was closely involved in the appointment of cabinet members and worked with pendleton james , the white house personnel director , to [make sure] that not only sub-cabinet appointments but also the 2,000 lower level political positions went , as far as possible , to candidates who were both competent and ideologically sound .

Economic policy was the core of Reagan 's programme and especial care was taken to ensure that those primarily responsible for economic matters were fully conversant with and totally committed to the president 's position .
economic policy was the core of reagan 's programme and especial care was taken to [make sure] that those primarily responsible for economic matters were fully conversant with and totally committed to the president 's position .

However , relatively speaking , Reagan and his staff , in the first year of his presidency , were brilliantly successful in maintaining control over the budgetary process and were able to ensure that the budget that eventually emerged was reasonably close to their original blueprint .
however , relatively speaking , reagan and his staff , in the first year of his presidency , were brilliantly successful in maintaining control over the budgetary process and were able to [make sure] that the budget that eventually emerged was reasonably close to their original blueprint .

’ It was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .
’ it was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to [make sure] that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .

Despite the care taken in selecting cabinet members to ensure that only men and women loyal to Reagan were appointed , there were inevitable attempts to break ranks when budget-cutting proposals were under discussion .
despite the care taken in selecting cabinet members to [make sure] that only men and women loyal to reagan were appointed , there were inevitable attempts to break ranks when budget-cutting proposals were under discussion .

To ensure that each household was in a position to meet its obligations , the practice spread whereby the land was periodically redistributed among the villagers .
to [make sure] that each household was in a position to meet its obligations , the practice spread whereby the land was periodically redistributed among the villagers .

Russia 's prolonged struggle with Turkey gave Prussia and Austria the leverage to ensure that they should benefit from the dismantling of Polish independence .
russia 's prolonged struggle with turkey gave prussia and austria the leverage to [make sure] that they should benefit from the dismantling of polish independence .

The administrative arrangements adopted by the government to ensure discipline and orderly payment of taxes and redemption dues made the situation worse still .
the administrative arrangements adopted by the government to [make sure] discipline and orderly payment of taxes and redemption dues made the situation worse still .

The government 's overriding concern to ensure domestic stability ruled out the possibility of landless Emancipation .
the government 's overriding concern to [make sure] domestic stability ruled out the possibility of landless emancipation .

Sustained efforts made to limit educational opportunities for commoners were inspired in part by the hope that this would ensure that noblemen would provide the increasingly specialized and trained personnel required .
sustained efforts made to limit educational opportunities for commoners were inspired in part by the hope that this would [make sure] that noblemen would provide the increasingly specialized and trained personnel required .

The overriding priority , therefore , was to ensure that the structure of the Party should guarantee its ideological purity .
the overriding priority , therefore , was to [make sure] that the structure of the party should guarantee its ideological purity .

This policy will , while potentially reducing the time window for receiving a suitable donor organ , ensure a more optimal clinical state in those who do receive a suitable organ .
this policy will , while potentially reducing the time window for receiving a suitable donor organ , [make sure] a more optimal clinical state in those who do receive a suitable organ .

The reduction in referrals we observed and the 23 % reduction reported in Plymouth Health District followed voluntary adoption of the guidelines by practitioners without any reinforcement of guidelines to ensure compliance .
the reduction in referrals we observed and the 23 % reduction reported in plymouth health district followed voluntary adoption of the guidelines by practitioners without any reinforcement of guidelines to [make sure] compliance .

Studies of hospital practice suggest that larger reductions could be achieved and sustained if the guidelines became a required standard of good general practice and formal peer review was introduced with steps to ensure compliance , particularly among practices with high referral rates .
studies of hospital practice suggest that larger reductions could be achieved and sustained if the guidelines became a required standard of good general practice and formal peer review was introduced with steps to [make sure] compliance , particularly among practices with high referral rates .

General practice and primary care need to be centre stage to ensure that the rhetoric of a transfer of resources from secondary to primary care does not actually entail an overall loss of resources .
general practice and primary care need to be centre stage to [make sure] that the rhetoric of a transfer of resources from secondary to primary care does not actually entail an overall loss of resources .

Ensure access to specialist services
[make sure] access to specialist services

In medical education there is a potential conflict between the desire to provide a broad educational experience and the need to ensure a technical training in how to be a doctor .
in medical education there is a potential conflict between the desire to provide a broad educational experience and the need to [make sure] a technical training in how to be a doctor .

We must also ensure that teaching is seen to be important , and a simple way to start is to insist that all doctors must document their experience when applying for jobs and that all appointments committees should ask about it .
we must also [make sure] that teaching is seen to be important , and a simple way to start is to insist that all doctors must document their experience when applying for jobs and that all appointments committees should ask about it .

’ He thinks that it is more important to convince doctors that ‘ teaching ’ is a broad term and covers much of what they do every day and to ensure that they receive adequate training and support to carry it out well .
’ he thinks that it is more important to convince doctors that ‘ teaching ’ is a broad term and covers much of what they do every day and to [make sure] that they receive adequate training and support to carry it out well .

We must ensure that they receive ample opportunities to improve their skills and monitor their progress .
we must [make sure] that they receive ample opportunities to improve their skills and monitor their progress .

Ideally , all doctors should participate in regular ongoing appraisal and training to ensure that they are providing a good service to their undergraduate and postgraduate students .
ideally , all doctors should participate in regular ongoing appraisal and training to [make sure] that they are providing a good service to their undergraduate and postgraduate students .

The scheme has made it clear to managers that the teaching contracts represent a substantial part of each hospital 's budget , and Dr Pearson says that most managers are now very anxious to work with the medical school to ensure a good service for the students .
the scheme has made it clear to managers that the teaching contracts represent a substantial part of each hospital 's budget , and dr pearson says that most managers are now very anxious to work with the medical school to [make sure] a good service for the students .

To avoid this kind of disaster health authorities in England and Wales will soon have to ensure that proper preparations for community care are made before inpatients who need such care are discharged .
to avoid this kind of disaster health authorities in england and wales will soon have to [make sure] that proper preparations for community care are made before inpatients who need such care are discharged .

For the monastic reformers Odilo of Cluny and Richard of St Vanne were renowned for their consolidation of monastic demesnes , their determination to ensure that what had once been granted to their houses should remain their inalienable property .
for the monastic reformers odilo of cluny and richard of st vanne were renowned for their consolidation of monastic demesnes , their determination to [make sure] that what had once been granted to their houses should remain their inalienable property .

The charter provides evidence of a surprisingly well-worked-out system to ensure castle-guard of the town : in April , May , June , July and August , it was the count 's responsibility , though he paid only for the first two months directly out of his own treasury ; , the inhabitants of the town produced a tax for the following three .
the charter provides evidence of a surprisingly well-worked-out system to [make sure] castle-guard of the town : in april , may , june , july and august , it was the count 's responsibility , though he paid only for the first two months directly out of his own treasury ; , the inhabitants of the town produced a tax for the following three .

However in attacking the failure to ensure adequate political representation for labour , any opposition group , let alone the Communist Party , had to face repression on the grounds that they were challenging the entire fabric of the Emperor system .
however in attacking the failure to [make sure] adequate political representation for labour , any opposition group , let alone the communist party , had to face repression on the grounds that they were challenging the entire fabric of the emperor system .

to ensure a growth path for equipment which will allow a reasonable increase in the range and volume of activities to be undertaken
to [make sure] a growth path for equipment which will allow a reasonable increase in the range and volume of activities to be undertaken

strict precautions must be taken to ensure that media deterioration does not cause loss of archived material
strict precautions must be taken to [make sure] that media deterioration does not cause loss of archived material

In particular the on- loan flag serves as a lock to ensure that only one lexicographer may modify the contents of an entry at any given time .
in particular the on- loan flag serves as a lock to [make sure] that only one lexicographer may modify the contents of an entry at any given time .

policeman program to ensure the integrity between the Main and Copy Databases .
policeman program to [make sure] the integrity between the main and copy databases .

Liaises with Computer Services to ensure operating procedures are carried out .
liaises with computer services to [make sure] operating procedures are carried out .

Programs that are forced to wait for the processor have their priorities raised over time to ensure that they are not denied resource indefinitely .
programs that are forced to wait for the processor have their priorities raised over time to [make sure] that they are not denied resource indefinitely .

This will be relatively small to ensure that lexicographers return entries to the database promptly , and do not work on several entries at the same time .
this will be relatively small to [make sure] that lexicographers return entries to the database promptly , and do not work on several entries at the same time .

One will be used for proofing small entries to ensure efficient turnaround .
one will be used for proofing small entries to [make sure] efficient turnaround .

Using the check-point copying facility a lexicographer can ensure that no more than fifteen minutes of work are lost through processing error or power failure at any stage .
using the check-point copying facility a lexicographer can [make sure] that no more than fifteen minutes of work are lost through processing error or power failure at any stage .

Thorough testing is required to ensure that no unwanted side effects or errors result .
thorough testing is required to [make sure] that no unwanted side effects or errors result .

To ensure that different days of the week are covered , the measurements will be done on every twentieth working day .
to [make sure] that different days of the week are covered , the measurements will be done on every twentieth working day .

Moreover , to ensure that ‘ worst case ’ situations are encountered , only measurements during peak periods of use will be taken .
moreover , to [make sure] that ‘ worst case ’ situations are encountered , only measurements during peak periods of use will be taken .

User development loop : moving out to wider trials and getting the most relevant feedback leading to more revision to ensure that the teaching unit can help to educate the unfamiliar user ( this revision of the unit is aimed at helping the users to develop the ability to realize the unit 's intentions ) .
user development loop : moving out to wider trials and getting the most relevant feedback leading to more revision to [make sure] that the teaching unit can help to educate the unfamiliar user ( this revision of the unit is aimed at helping the users to develop the ability to realize the unit 's intentions ) .

Thorough understanding of the impact of visual presentations is not a normal part of training of teachers and other academics , and care is needed to ensure that the effect in the classroom is actually what was intended ; there is no substitute for classroom experiment in this area .
thorough understanding of the impact of visual presentations is not a normal part of training of teachers and other academics , and care is needed to [make sure] that the effect in the classroom is actually what was intended ; there is no substitute for classroom experiment in this area .

Its data-holding potential allows it to be used to help ensure that all pupils are involved in the game as well as the traditional competitive classroom activity , testing .
its data-holding potential allows it to be used to help [make sure] that all pupils are involved in the game as well as the traditional competitive classroom activity , testing .

It is important always to consider the probable roles of teacher pupils and program to ensure that the partnership is a productive one .
it is important always to consider the probable roles of teacher pupils and program to [make sure] that the partnership is a productive one .

The list will thus serve to jog your memory and ensure that you do not overlook significant items .
the list will thus serve to jog your memory and [make sure] that you do not overlook significant items .

Before recording any detailed information on the lesson , it is important to ensure that the classroom atmosphere is such that the material and the teaching it supports are getting reasonable attention from the class .
before recording any detailed information on the lesson , it is important to [make sure] that the classroom atmosphere is such that the material and the teaching it supports are getting reasonable attention from the class .

The observer must ensure that the six named in the sample can be identified .
the observer must [make sure] that the six named in the sample can be identified .

The designer , aided by the development process must try to ensure that only a small proportion of teachers fall at each fence — a forbidding challenge .
the designer , aided by the development process must try to [make sure] that only a small proportion of teachers fall at each fence — a forbidding challenge .

These are the grounds for our repeated assertions that the designer of the unit must ensure that it only demands an achievable extension of the repertoire of transactions of the teachers for whom it is intended .
these are the grounds for our repeated assertions that the designer of the unit must [make sure] that it only demands an achievable extension of the repertoire of transactions of the teachers for whom it is intended .

The reason for this is that if you put the female pupae in the tube before they hatch to the adult stage , you will ensure that females mate only with the type of male you put in the tube .
the reason for this is that if you put the female pupae in the tube before they hatch to the adult stage , you will [make sure] that females mate only with the type of male you put in the tube .

Only by researching stocks thoroughly or by taking skilled impartial advice can a client ensure against being misled .
only by researching stocks thoroughly or by taking skilled impartial advice can a client [make sure] against being misled .

Opportunities for interaction with an adult will of necessity be reduced but , when they do occur , one would hope that , with the benefit of professional training , teachers would ensure these opportunities were at least as enabling as those that occur at home .
opportunities for interaction with an adult will of necessity be reduced but , when they do occur , one would hope that , with the benefit of professional training , teachers would [make sure] these opportunities were at least as enabling as those that occur at home .

Of all these pressures , perhaps the most insidious is the emphasis on standardising the curriculum to ensure that all pupils master the basic skills .
of all these pressures , perhaps the most insidious is the emphasis on standardising the curriculum to [make sure] that all pupils master the basic skills .

Too often , however , the current concern with curriculum takes little account of what individual pupils bring to the tasks they are required to perform , concentrating instead on the specification of structured and graded teaching steps that will help to ensure that all pupils progress in a predetermined sequence towards a predetermined goal .
too often , however , the current concern with curriculum takes little account of what individual pupils bring to the tasks they are required to perform , concentrating instead on the specification of structured and graded teaching steps that will help to [make sure] that all pupils progress in a predetermined sequence towards a predetermined goal .

The work should be planned carefully , however , to ensure that the pupils are getting something out of it as well .
the work should be planned carefully , however , to [make sure] that the pupils are getting something out of it as well .

Her proposition had been simple and direct — if he were to work for her , she would make him wealthy and ensure him a place in society .
her proposition had been simple and direct — if he were to work for her , she would make him wealthy and [make sure] him a place in society .

So , she would lose Patrick , first to medical school and then later to a practice — and she would ensure that it would be one of the finest in the city — and then she supposed there would be a wife and children … and the intensity of her sudden anger surprised her .
so , she would lose patrick , first to medical school and then later to a practice — and she would [make sure] that it would be one of the finest in the city — and then she supposed there would be a wife and children … and the intensity of her sudden anger surprised her .

The German 's rates differed from girl to girl , and with some he had an arrangement that he received a commission rather than a rent per room ; the advantage here for the girls was that they could pay him at the end of the night , rather than each time they used the room And to ensure they did n't even think about cheating , he employed a `` caretaker `` whose job was to keep a tally of the girls and their customers .
the german 's rates differed from girl to girl , and with some he had an arrangement that he received a commission rather than a rent per room ; the advantage here for the girls was that they could pay him at the end of the night , rather than each time they used the room and to [make sure] they did n't even think about cheating , he employed a `` caretaker `` whose job was to keep a tally of the girls and their customers .

The butler nodded and was about to turn away , when Katherine added , `` Oh , and Gerard , ensure that we are not disturbed .
the butler nodded and was about to turn away , when katherine added , `` oh , and gerard , [make sure] that we are not disturbed .

To ensure that participation was not , in practice , confined to those with the leisure to devote to politics , pay was introduced , first for membership of the council and for jury service , and later for attendance at the assembly .
to [make sure] that participation was not , in practice , confined to those with the leisure to devote to politics , pay was introduced , first for membership of the council and for jury service , and later for attendance at the assembly .

So although a voluntary unanimity among participating citizens could certainly be regarded as an authentic expression of what all wanted as individuals , even that would not in itself ensure that the general good or the general interest was being realized .
so although a voluntary unanimity among participating citizens could certainly be regarded as an authentic expression of what all wanted as individuals , even that would not in itself [make sure] that the general good or the general interest was being realized .

If it is accepted that representative or indirect democracy is at best an inadequate substitute for personal participation , and that everything possible should be done to ensure that the views and wishes of the people are represented as accurately as possible within such a system , it must surely follow that representation should be in proportion to the weight of opinion in the society itself .
if it is accepted that representative or indirect democracy is at best an inadequate substitute for personal participation , and that everything possible should be done to [make sure] that the views and wishes of the people are represented as accurately as possible within such a system , it must surely follow that representation should be in proportion to the weight of opinion in the society itself .

Government ministries have done little to ensure that women 's legal rights have been enforced .
government ministries have done little to [make sure] that women 's legal rights have been enforced .

We wish to draw up a family code to protect women 's rights in the home and to ensure that the family becomes a more socialized structure .
we wish to draw up a family code to protect women 's rights in the home and to [make sure] that the family becomes a more socialized structure .

Other mechanisms ensure the appropriate orientation of the insect during flight .
other mechanisms [make sure] the appropriate orientation of the insect during flight .

Teachers may form a consortium in order to administer and validate the scheme and moderation procedures of some kind will be required to ensure reliability .
teachers may form a consortium in order to administer and validate the scheme and moderation procedures of some kind will be required to [make sure] reliability .

In each of the above questions the pupil must order decimals correctly to obtain the right answer ; the decimals are of differing lengths and care has been taken to ensure that both of the two common errors in decimals produce incorrect orderings .
in each of the above questions the pupil must order decimals correctly to obtain the right answer ; the decimals are of differing lengths and care has been taken to [make sure] that both of the two common errors in decimals produce incorrect orderings .

Care is , however , needed to ensure that decimals have to be dealt with : a version of the same task with 4 m 10 cm and 4 m 20 cm ( success rate 68 per cent ) is unlikely to test pupils ' understanding of decimals since many will deal just with the centimetres a whole number task .
care is , however , needed to [make sure] that decimals have to be dealt with : a version of the same task with 4 m 10 cm and 4 m 20 cm ( success rate 68 per cent ) is unlikely to test pupils ' understanding of decimals since many will deal just with the centimetres a whole number task .

How can we ensure that children will get the best out of this subject ?
how can we [make sure] that children will get the best out of this subject ?

That majority may not have the political power to ensure this .
that majority may not have the political power to [make sure] this .

It is for the cabinet to determine the policies to be submitted to Parliament , to determine the content and priorities of legislative proposals , and to ensure that the relevant policies are carried out .
it is for the cabinet to determine the policies to be submitted to parliament , to determine the content and priorities of legislative proposals , and to [make sure] that the relevant policies are carried out .

Matters can be referred to sub-committees , the agenda manipulated to ensure the desired result .
matters can be referred to sub-committees , the agenda manipulated to [make sure] the desired result .

To ensure this impartiality there are stringent restrictions on the degree of political involvement permitted to civil servants .
to [make sure] this impartiality there are stringent restrictions on the degree of political involvement permitted to civil servants .

The series of legal actions initiated by the Government to suppress publication of the memoirs of a former intelligence agent , Peter Wright , indicates the lengths to which the Government will go to ensure confidentiality .
the series of legal actions initiated by the government to suppress publication of the memoirs of a former intelligence agent , peter wright , indicates the lengths to which the government will go to [make sure] confidentiality .

The new act clearly falls far short of the demand for freedom of information legislation with a presumption that all official information is in the public domain except where there are clearly defined reasons for restricting disclosure and where there is adequate monitoring to ensure that civil servants and politicians are committed to implementing the principles behind the legislation .
the new act clearly falls far short of the demand for freedom of information legislation with a presumption that all official information is in the public domain except where there are clearly defined reasons for restricting disclosure and where there is adequate monitoring to [make sure] that civil servants and politicians are committed to implementing the principles behind the legislation .

As the courts were unwilling to look behind the minister 's affidavit , there was a clear risk that the minister might misuse his power to ensure secrecy for no better reason than administrative convenience .
as the courts were unwilling to look behind the minister 's affidavit , there was a clear risk that the minister might misuse his power to [make sure] secrecy for no better reason than administrative convenience .

( b ) The interests of justice which must ensure that all relevant evidence is available to the court .
( b ) the interests of justice which must [make sure] that all relevant evidence is available to the court .

The Government must try to arrange its business to ensure that the Commons does not have all its work at the beginning of the session and the House of Lords has all its work at the end .
the government must try to arrange its business to [make sure] that the commons does not have all its work at the beginning of the session and the house of lords has all its work at the end .

Twelve Fridays are set aside in each session for the passage of such bills although the Government can give extra time to measures it supports to ensure success .
twelve fridays are set aside in each session for the passage of such bills although the government can give extra time to measures it supports to [make sure] success .

( c ) To keep the Minister on his toes , to ensure he is au fait with the activities of his Department .
( c ) to keep the minister on his toes , to [make sure] he is au fait with the activities of his department .

The Comptroller and Auditor General , appointed by the Crown on a resolution of the House of Commons by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) of the National Audit Act 1983 has two major functions : ( a ) to ensure that all money paid out of the government accounts has been properly authorised and is properly applied ; and ( b ) to examine the accounts of the , various government departments .
the comptroller and auditor general , appointed by the crown on a resolution of the house of commons by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) of the national audit act 1983 has two major functions : ( a ) to [make sure] that all money paid out of the government accounts has been properly authorised and is properly applied ; and ( b ) to examine the accounts of the , various government departments .

To ensure that Members of Parliament and Parliament as a whole can carry out their functions effectively , they have certain privileges to safeguard them from outside interference .
to [make sure] that members of parliament and parliament as a whole can carry out their functions effectively , they have certain privileges to safeguard them from outside interference .

This is a fundamental step in the criminal process designed to ensure the person is available to answer charges before a court .
this is a fundamental step in the criminal process designed to [make sure] the person is available to answer charges before a court .

In return for recognising the legality of the police practice of detaining suspects after arrest , but before charge , the Act attempts to give some protection to the suspect by imposing time limits on the period of detention , by introducing a system of review to ensure that detention remains necessary and by introducing a series of statutory rights supervised by the custody officer , and a Code of Practice on Detention and Questioning .
in return for recognising the legality of the police practice of detaining suspects after arrest , but before charge , the act attempts to give some protection to the suspect by imposing time limits on the period of detention , by introducing a system of review to [make sure] that detention remains necessary and by introducing a series of statutory rights supervised by the custody officer , and a code of practice on detention and questioning .

( e ) To ensure that the suspect is treated in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Code of Practice ( see below ) .
( e ) to [make sure] that the suspect is treated in accordance with the provisions of the act and the code of practice ( see below ) .

It is the responsibility of the custody officer to ensure that detainees are treated in accordance with the Act and the Codes of Practice ( s.39 ( 1 ) ) .
it is the responsibility of the custody officer to [make sure] that detainees are treated in accordance with the act and the codes of practice ( s.39 ( 1 ) ) .

This is designed to ensure that the policing of the demonstration can be properly planned .
this is designed to [make sure] that the policing of the demonstration can be properly planned .

An organiser of any such assembly must ensure that , if it is on private property , he has the consent of the owner .
an organiser of any such assembly must [make sure] that , if it is on private property , he has the consent of the owner .

( e ) He exercises control and influence through his Inspectors of Constabulary who inspect and report on the efficiency of the various forces and who ensure that new knowledge and up to date techniques are brought to the attention of the various forces .
( e ) he exercises control and influence through his inspectors of constabulary who inspect and report on the efficiency of the various forces and who [make sure] that new knowledge and up to date techniques are brought to the attention of the various forces .

To attain the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .
to attain the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to [make sure] continued existence .

To ensure a regular supply of embryos at a constant development stage at the same time of day throughout the year , a constant lighting regime is required .
to [make sure] a regular supply of embryos at a constant development stage at the same time of day throughout the year , a constant lighting regime is required .

Care must be taken to ensure that the animals are dead prior to disposal and it should be noted that mice 1 — 8 days old take longer to die than adults .
care must be taken to [make sure] that the animals are dead prior to disposal and it should be noted that mice 1 — 8 days old take longer to die than adults .

Stud males are test mated to ensure fertility and a record kept of their mating performance to ensure that they are working effectively .
stud males are test mated to [make sure] fertility and a record kept of their mating performance to [make sure] that they are working effectively .

In these circumstances it is essential to ensure that the foster mother has finished giving birth and that all her natural young are removed .
in these circumstances it is essential to [make sure] that the foster mother has finished giving birth and that all her natural young are removed .

It is important to ensure that the boxes or other containers conform to the requirements of the shipping agent ( e.g .
it is important to [make sure] that the boxes or other containers conform to the requirements of the shipping agent ( e.g .

To obtain good synchronization of fertilization and hence of subsequent development , the hormone injection schedule should ensure that mating occurs prior to ovulation ( i.e .
to obtain good synchronization of fertilization and hence of subsequent development , the hormone injection schedule should [make sure] that mating occurs prior to ovulation ( i.e .

This must be done very carefully to ensure that the opening of the oviduct remains intact since it is extremely difficult to insert a needle once it has been damaged .
this must be done very carefully to [make sure] that the opening of the oviduct remains intact since it is extremely difficult to insert a needle once it has been damaged .

Furthermore if a blocking strain of mouse is used ( if the mice are outbred this is most likely to be the case ) then care must be taken to ensure that 2-cell stage embryos are recovered from the oviducts late enough in the second cell cycle to ensure their normal development to blastocysts in vitro .
furthermore if a blocking strain of mouse is used ( if the mice are outbred this is most likely to be the case ) then care must be taken to [make sure] that 2-cell stage embryos are recovered from the oviducts late enough in the second cell cycle to [make sure] their normal development to blastocysts in vitro .

Designate a set of spatulas for dispensing tissue culture chemicals only and ensure that they are cleaned after every use .
designate a set of spatulas for dispensing tissue culture chemicals only and [make sure] that they are cleaned after every use .

To ensure a sufficient depth of culture medium to fully immerse the embryos , it may be necessary to mount either the tubes or the rollers at a slight angle so that the medium stays in the bottom of the culture vessel .
to [make sure] a sufficient depth of culture medium to fully immerse the embryos , it may be necessary to mount either the tubes or the rollers at a slight angle so that the medium stays in the bottom of the culture vessel .

The business of the media department is to ensure , within the financial restraints imposed , that the client 's advertising is seen by as many of the right people as possible at the right time .
the business of the media department is to [make sure] , within the financial restraints imposed , that the client 's advertising is seen by as many of the right people as possible at the right time .

Creating the form , content and tone of the messages to relevant publics , and the method of selling them to ensure maximum impact .
creating the form , content and tone of the messages to relevant publics , and the method of selling them to [make sure] maximum impact .

But exactly what is this creativity and how do you ensure you are providing it ? The subject of creativity is — argued , included in some agency presentations to new business prospects , and touched upon in education for skills in marketing , advertising and public relations .
but exactly what is this creativity and how do you [make sure] you are providing it ? the subject of creativity is — argued , included in some agency presentations to new business prospects , and touched upon in education for skills in marketing , advertising and public relations .

If not , ensure that he hears and pronounces words .
if not , [make sure] that he hears and pronounces words .

You certainly wo n't miraculously ensure perfect spelling by helping pupils to use dictionaries , but you will find that it 's time well spent , because the main use to which dictionaries are normally put is to check spellings .
you certainly wo n't miraculously [make sure] perfect spelling by helping pupils to use dictionaries , but you will find that it 's time well spent , because the main use to which dictionaries are normally put is to check spellings .

Andrew would go back to the bright lights of the capital and she , Benedicta , would ensure that Topaz was kept too busy to think about things which could break her heart .
andrew would go back to the bright lights of the capital and she , benedicta , would [make sure] that topaz was kept too busy to think about things which could break her heart .

2 to ensure that the patient is in the best psychological and physical state possible prior to surgery .
2 to [make sure] that the patient is in the best psychological and physical state possible prior to surgery .

the preparation carried out pre-operatively to ensure the safety of patients undergoing surgery .
the preparation carried out pre-operatively to [make sure] the safety of patients undergoing surgery .

Ensure that you know where the resuscitation equipment is kept , what the emergency phone numbers are for fire and cardiac arrest and learn to use the oxygen and suction equipment .
[make sure] that you know where the resuscitation equipment is kept , what the emergency phone numbers are for fire and cardiac arrest and learn to use the oxygen and suction equipment .

Extensive preparation of the gastrointestinal tract is required to ensure the bowel is free from faecal matter .
extensive preparation of the gastrointestinal tract is required to [make sure] the bowel is free from faecal matter .

At this time certain information is usually recorded to ensure the patient is fit for surgery and also to avoid potential complications , e.g .
at this time certain information is usually recorded to [make sure] the patient is fit for surgery and also to avoid potential complications , e.g .

a specimen of urine is tested to ensure that diabetes mellitus does not go undiagnosed ; allergies are checked to ensure that drugs , anaesthetic agents , lotions or dressings can be avoided if a patient has an allergy to them .
a specimen of urine is tested to [make sure] that diabetes mellitus does not go undiagnosed ; allergies are checked to [make sure] that drugs , anaesthetic agents , lotions or dressings can be avoided if a patient has an allergy to them .

Assist with any tests required to ensure patient is fit for anaesthetic .
assist with any tests required to [make sure] patient is fit for anaesthetic .

You may work in a ward where specific preparation is required in addition to this , e.g. to ensure that the bowel is clear ( Chapter 6 ) .
you may work in a ward where specific preparation is required in addition to this , e.g. to [make sure] that the bowel is clear ( chapter 6 ) .

During the first few days that Mr Reynolds was in hospital the main aims of his care were to confirm the diagnosis of carcinoma of the rectum , and to ensure that both Mr and Mrs Reynolds understood the implications of this .
during the first few days that mr reynolds was in hospital the main aims of his care were to confirm the diagnosis of carcinoma of the rectum , and to [make sure] that both mr and mrs reynolds understood the implications of this .

It was also important to ensure that Mr Reynolds was fit to undergo surgery and to prepare him both physically and psychologically for the operation .
it was also important to [make sure] that mr reynolds was fit to undergo surgery and to prepare him both physically and psychologically for the operation .

To assess Mr Reynolds ' fitness , various observations ( temperature , pulse , respirations , weight , urine tests ) and routine blood tests were carried out and checked to ensure that the results were within normal limits .
to assess mr reynolds ' fitness , various observations ( temperature , pulse , respirations , weight , urine tests ) and routine blood tests were carried out and checked to [make sure] that the results were within normal limits .

Because he had already lost some weight and had been found to be anaemic the dietician was consulted to ensure that he received adequate nourishment .
because he had already lost some weight and had been found to be anaemic the dietician was consulted to [make sure] that he received adequate nourishment .

Clear fluids only were offered by mouth and during the evening a final rectal washout was given to ensure Mr Reynolds ' bowel was clear .
clear fluids only were offered by mouth and during the evening a final rectal washout was given to [make sure] mr reynolds ' bowel was clear .

Each procedure to be carried out was explained and Mr Reynolds understood that the measures being taken were to ensure his safety .
each procedure to be carried out was explained and mr reynolds understood that the measures being taken were to [make sure] his safety .

The aim is to ensure that no patient is sent home to a situation where he might be at risk .
the aim is to [make sure] that no patient is sent home to a situation where he might be at risk .

Encourage patients ' mobility to aid circulation of oxygen to the tissues but ensure adequate rest to conserve energy for healing .
encourage patients ' mobility to aid circulation of oxygen to the tissues but [make sure] adequate rest to conserve energy for healing .

Prepare the equipment for the patient 's return and ensure that it is functioning correctly .
prepare the equipment for the patient 's return and [make sure] that it is functioning correctly .

Ensure an adequate fluid input to prevent secretions becoming too viscous ( thick and sticky ) .
[make sure] an adequate fluid input to prevent secretions becoming too viscous ( thick and sticky ) .

For abdominal and pelvic operations , an empty bowel is usually required ( if the patient is constipated , a mild laxative or 2 glycerine suppositories will usually ensure the bowel is emptied ) .
for abdominal and pelvic operations , an empty bowel is usually required ( if the patient is constipated , a mild laxative or 2 glycerine suppositories will usually [make sure] the bowel is emptied ) .

In Mr Reynolds ' case it is necessary to repeat this preparation after the investigations to ensure a good view for the surgeon and so that faecal matter is not present to contaminate the operation site .
in mr reynolds ' case it is necessary to repeat this preparation after the investigations to [make sure] a good view for the surgeon and so that faecal matter is not present to contaminate the operation site .

He had a nasogastric tube which was allowed to drain into a bag and was also aspirated every 4 hours to ensure that his stomach remained empty .
he had a nasogastric tube which was allowed to drain into a bag and was also aspirated every 4 hours to [make sure] that his stomach remained empty .

He was weighed to ensure that he was beginning to regain some of the weight he lost pre-operatively .
he was weighed to [make sure] that he was beginning to regain some of the weight he lost pre-operatively .

His wife took this to their General Practitioner to obtain a prescription to ensure a continued supply ( he does not have to pay for this ) .
his wife took this to their general practitioner to obtain a prescription to [make sure] a continued supply ( he does not have to pay for this ) .

Ensure that there is a suitable place to dispose of soiled dressings .
[make sure] that there is a suitable place to dispose of soiled dressings .

Ensure that you know what you are going to do .
[make sure] that you know what you are going to do .

Measures may be required to ensure that the patient 's skin is in the best possible condition for healing to take place ( e.g .
measures may be required to [make sure] that the patient 's skin is in the best possible condition for healing to take place ( e.g .

The aim of care is always to ensure the patient 's physical and psychological comfort until death occurs .
the aim of care is always to [make sure] the patient 's physical and psychological comfort until death occurs .

Analgesia is usually given regularly to ensure that pain is kept under control at all times .
analgesia is usually given regularly to [make sure] that pain is kept under control at all times .

It is important that adequate pre-discharge assessment takes place to ensure that patients do not go home to situations where they are unable to cope or inadequately supported .
it is important that adequate pre-discharge assessment takes place to [make sure] that patients do not go home to situations where they are unable to cope or inadequately supported .

2 Ensure the patient has all his belongings and help with packing if needed .
2 [make sure] the patient has all his belongings and help with packing if needed .

3 Ensure the patient has the following : appliances dressings drugs ( with written instructions if necessary ] completed forms/letters ( e.g. for district nurse ) appointment card ( this may be sent to the patient later ] .
3 [make sure] the patient has the following : appliances dressings drugs ( with written instructions if necessary ] completed forms/letters ( e.g. for district nurse ) appointment card ( this may be sent to the patient later ] .

4 Ensure that the patient understands all information given and has no further queries .
4 [make sure] that the patient understands all information given and has no further queries .

The time for planning and making arrangements will be much shorter and therefore the nurse must ensure that she obtains adequate information from the patient ( or family ) on admission .
the time for planning and making arrangements will be much shorter and therefore the nurse must [make sure] that she obtains adequate information from the patient ( or family ) on admission .

The aim of all these procedures is to ensure that no patient arrives home without the drugs or equipment needed or is left without adequate care and support .
the aim of all these procedures is to [make sure] that no patient arrives home without the drugs or equipment needed or is left without adequate care and support .

1 To ensure that the patient is in the best psychological and physical condition for the operation .
1 to [make sure] that the patient is in the best psychological and physical condition for the operation .

3 To ensure the patient is correctly prepared for theatre at the right time with the documentation complete .
3 to [make sure] the patient is correctly prepared for theatre at the right time with the documentation complete .

4 Ensure , whenever possible , that a familiar nurse prepares the patient .
4 [make sure] , whenever possible , that a familiar nurse prepares the patient .

6 Ensure medical investigations have been ordered and completed before operation time .
6 [make sure] medical investigations have been ordered and completed before operation time .

2 Ensure fluid input approximately 2 litres daily .
2 [make sure] fluid input approximately 2 litres daily .

3 Ensure a balance between activity and rest .
3 [make sure] a balance between activity and rest .

1 Ensure the skin is clean with a bath or shower .
1 [make sure] the skin is clean with a bath or shower .

1 Try to ensure a good night 's sleep .
1 try to [make sure] a good night 's sleep .

1 To ensure that the patient arrives comfortably and safely at the theatre at the agreed time .
1 to [make sure] that the patient arrives comfortably and safely at the theatre at the agreed time .

3 To ensure the patient returns to the ward in comfort and safety with the correct postoperative instructions for his continuing care .
3 to [make sure] the patient returns to the ward in comfort and safety with the correct postoperative instructions for his continuing care .

3 Ensure correct documentation accompanies patient ( usually medical notes , X-rays , prescription chart , fluid chart ] .
3 [make sure] correct documentation accompanies patient ( usually medical notes , x-rays , prescription chart , fluid chart ] .

Place bed in a position for easy observation and access to omen and suction Ensure emergency resuscitation equipment is nearby and in working order and that the emergency call system is working .
place bed in a position for easy observation and access to omen and suction [make sure] emergency resuscitation equipment is nearby and in working order and that the emergency call system is working .

1 To ensure maximum fitness and independence is achieved .
1 to [make sure] maximum fitness and independence is achieved .

2 To ensure a coordinated return to the community .
2 to [make sure] a coordinated return to the community .

3 To ensure a follow-up appointment to evaluate the results of the surgery .
3 to [make sure] a follow-up appointment to evaluate the results of the surgery .

5 Ensure that an Outpatient appointment is made either before discharge or sent to the patient at a later date .
5 [make sure] that an outpatient appointment is made either before discharge or sent to the patient at a later date .

These teams will promote Compact activities within the schools , and ensure that students ' achievements are recognised .
these teams will promote compact activities within the schools , and [make sure] that students ' achievements are recognised .

Organisations participating in Compact will be asked to ensure that a targeted number of jobs are held for `` Compact `` students .
organisations participating in compact will be asked to [make sure] that a targeted number of jobs are held for `` compact `` students .

a ) How can schools ensure that records of achievement provide evidence of the skills and aptitudes required for specific employers ' needs ? b ) Would n't it be unfair if employment tests were waived for Compact graduates , but maintained for non-Compact job applicants ? c ) If local policies are negotiated regarding this issue , what will be the implications for national companies ?
a ) how can schools [make sure] that records of achievement provide evidence of the skills and aptitudes required for specific employers ' needs ? b ) would n't it be unfair if employment tests were waived for compact graduates , but maintained for non-compact job applicants ? c ) if local policies are negotiated regarding this issue , what will be the implications for national companies ?

The pre-meeting is essential to clarify the teacher 's aims and objectives and to ensure that as far as possible these can be met .
the pre-meeting is essential to clarify the teacher 's aims and objectives and to [make sure] that as far as possible these can be met .

In your pre-meeting with the secondee you may wish to build in a daily evaluation session to ensure that the secondment programme is working well .
in your pre-meeting with the secondee you may wish to build in a daily evaluation session to [make sure] that the secondment programme is working well .

Careers Officers should consult with Compact employers to ensure that only quality jobs with training and prospects are described as `` Compact jobs `` .
careers officers should consult with compact employers to [make sure] that only quality jobs with training and prospects are described as `` compact jobs `` .

Careers Officers work closely with young people to ensure that they are aware of their skills , aptitudes and interests , so that they can make positive and productive decisions about applying for work .
careers officers work closely with young people to [make sure] that they are aware of their skills , aptitudes and interests , so that they can make positive and productive decisions about applying for work .

Careers Officers also maintain contact with young people when they have left school in order to ensure that they have access to appropriate support , until they are permanently placed in work .
careers officers also maintain contact with young people when they have left school in order to [make sure] that they have access to appropriate support , until they are permanently placed in work .

c ) The Training Agency will exercise quality control on those Compacts which it is funding , to ensure that they enhance the education , training and employment opportunities of young people .
c ) the training agency will exercise quality control on those compacts which it is funding , to [make sure] that they enhance the education , training and employment opportunities of young people .

In these cases the framework for college membership will have to be negotiated carefully to ensure that students from Compact schools are not asked to work towards targets they have already achieved .
in these cases the framework for college membership will have to be negotiated carefully to [make sure] that students from compact schools are not asked to work towards targets they have already achieved .

It will be the responsibility of Form Teachers and Heads of Year/House to ensure that accurate records are kept of students ' achievement of the other goals .
it will be the responsibility of form teachers and heads of year/house to [make sure] that accurate records are kept of students ' achievement of the other goals .

It is part of your professional responsibility to ensure that the teaching of your subject is enhanced by the use of these resources .
it is part of your professional responsibility to [make sure] that the teaching of your subject is enhanced by the use of these resources .

Second , ensure there is a supply teacher available and prepare a schedule of work for all your classes .
second , [make sure] there is a supply teacher available and prepare a schedule of work for all your classes .

Their role is to provide leadership and to ensure that other members of the staff receive the necessary support to carry out their roles in the Compact .
their role is to provide leadership and to [make sure] that other members of the staff receive the necessary support to carry out their roles in the compact .

They will work closely with the Careers Service to ensure that school leavers are offered appropriate and quality jobs through Compact .
they will work closely with the careers service to [make sure] that school leavers are offered appropriate and quality jobs through compact .

The Careers Services will monitor the employers ' job offers to ensure that they are suitable for the Compact .
the careers services will monitor the employers ' job offers to [make sure] that they are suitable for the compact .

a ) Employers want to ensure that their businesses will flourish in a healthy community .
a ) employers want to [make sure] that their businesses will flourish in a healthy community .

Second , the role of the Careers Officer will be important in ensuring that Compact vacancies are properly communicated to young people , and in monitoring Compact jobs to ensure that they offer employed status , quality training and career progression .
second , the role of the careers officer will be important in ensuring that compact vacancies are properly communicated to young people , and in monitoring compact jobs to [make sure] that they offer employed status , quality training and career progression .

In all Compacts , the Partnership will also need to monitor the jobs on offer to ensure that they do provide `` added-value `` as a reward for rising standards .
in all compacts , the partnership will also need to monitor the jobs on offer to [make sure] that they do provide `` added-value `` as a reward for rising standards .

9 . How will Compact ensure that the jobs offered match school leavers ' aspirations ?
9 . how will compact [make sure] that the jobs offered match school leavers ' aspirations ?

The Partnership will have to ensure that the jobs offered are `` added-value `` jobs .
the partnership will have to [make sure] that the jobs offered are `` added-value `` jobs .

The Careers Service has considerable expertise and experience of local firms ; it will ensure that all offers are made in good faith , and that the jobs are worthwhile .
the careers service has considerable expertise and experience of local firms ; it will [make sure] that all offers are made in good faith , and that the jobs are worthwhile .

The school should ensure that students are well prepared for their Work Experience — that they know where to go and what is expected of them , and that they are confident to ask questions and get full benefit from the placement .
the school should [make sure] that students are well prepared for their work experience — that they know where to go and what is expected of them , and that they are confident to ask questions and get full benefit from the placement .

11 . How can we ensure that Compact jobs are of high quality and involve worthwhile training ?
11 . how can we [make sure] that compact jobs are of high quality and involve worthwhile training ?

Where the Training Agency is involved , it will ensure that quality is maintained and it will not fund Compacts which fall short of the mark .
where the training agency is involved , it will [make sure] that quality is maintained and it will not fund compacts which fall short of the mark .

The Teachers ' unions support the initiative , while recognising their responsibility to ensure that Compacts are of educational value , and that they enhance existing educational provision .
the teachers ' unions support the initiative , while recognising their responsibility to [make sure] that compacts are of educational value , and that they enhance existing educational provision .

This will ensure that the trade union perspective is included on the agenda of planning and administration .
this will [make sure] that the trade union perspective is included on the agenda of planning and administration .

b ) Schools should recognise their responsibility to ensure that young people understand how and why trade unions work .
b ) schools should recognise their responsibility to [make sure] that young people understand how and why trade unions work .

The Compact Management team should ensure , through prior discussion with employers , that Work Experience placements are of good quality and appropriate to the students ' needs .
the compact management team should [make sure] , through prior discussion with employers , that work experience placements are of good quality and appropriate to the students ' needs .

Teachers will make a `` monitoring `` visit to each student during the Work Experience placement to ensure that there are no problems .
teachers will make a `` monitoring `` visit to each student during the work experience placement to [make sure] that there are no problems .

Trade union representatives should ensure they meet young people during their placements and in many cases they will take a pastoral responsibility , dealing with any problems they may face .
trade union representatives should [make sure] they meet young people during their placements and in many cases they will take a pastoral responsibility , dealing with any problems they may face .

10 . How do you ensure that Compacts provide equal opportunities for all ?
10 . how do you [make sure] that compacts provide equal opportunities for all ?

Where trade unions have joined Compacts they are in a strong position to ensure that young people in Compact schools are fully informed about the advantages of joining and supporting the trade union movement .
where trade unions have joined compacts they are in a strong position to [make sure] that young people in compact schools are fully informed about the advantages of joining and supporting the trade union movement .

Community organisations are an essential resource for Partnerships and Compacts to ensure that the needs of girls and boys from different ethnic backgrounds and different abilities are promoted .
community organisations are an essential resource for partnerships and compacts to [make sure] that the needs of girls and boys from different ethnic backgrounds and different abilities are promoted .

4 . What attempts are being made to ensure that the interests of women , minorities and the disabled are served ?
4 . what attempts are being made to [make sure] that the interests of women , minorities and the disabled are served ?

* Work within the organisation to ensure the appropriate response when the enquiry comes .
* work within the organisation to [make sure] the appropriate response when the enquiry comes .

Herein lies a big problem for managers who must take steps to ensure that everyone understands the need for involvement — To this end a series of seminars and talks should be arranged in order to explain the issue , seek ideas and the commitment of everyone to meeting the challenge .
herein lies a big problem for managers who must take steps to [make sure] that everyone understands the need for involvement — to this end a series of seminars and talks should be arranged in order to explain the issue , seek ideas and the commitment of everyone to meeting the challenge .

Does the allocation plan ensure that learners ' holidays are known well in advance ?
does the allocation plan [make sure] that learners ' holidays are known well in advance ?

Accommodation should therefore be available both to assist them in the personal adjustments they will have to make and to ensure that at the outset they are suitably accommodated .
accommodation should therefore be available both to assist them in the personal adjustments they will have to make and to [make sure] that at the outset they are suitably accommodated .

The aim should be to create an understanding between the two parties which will ensure an openness and willingness to deal honestly with situations when they arise .
the aim should be to create an understanding between the two parties which will [make sure] an openness and willingness to deal honestly with situations when they arise .

Ensure the provision of an occupational health service to all employees within the health authority .
[make sure] the provision of an occupational health service to all employees within the health authority .

The provision of a labour force to ensure that care is delivered when required is a many-faceted activity .
the provision of a labour force to [make sure] that care is delivered when required is a many-faceted activity .

Failure to pay due regard to the relativities between units will ensure that some nurses work under greater pressure than necessary and that some patients receive a reduced level of service .
failure to pay due regard to the relativities between units will [make sure] that some nurses work under greater pressure than necessary and that some patients receive a reduced level of service .

Additionally it will ensure that staff are not employed when not required .
additionally it will [make sure] that staff are not employed when not required .

The best insurance against this happening is for time-off to be planned well in advance so that staff and the ward manager can make the adjustments necessary to ensure that patient needs are met .
the best insurance against this happening is for time-off to be planned well in advance so that staff and the ward manager can make the adjustments necessary to [make sure] that patient needs are met .

As a consequence off-duty rotas should be monitored to ensure that the best use is being made of staff available .
as a consequence off-duty rotas should be monitored to [make sure] that the best use is being made of staff available .

Where an overlap of shifts exists , the nurse in charge should ensure that the time available is used to good effect .
where an overlap of shifts exists , the nurse in charge should [make sure] that the time available is used to good effect .

The use of overtime and the staff involved should be monitored to ensure compliance with the policy .
the use of overtime and the staff involved should be monitored to [make sure] compliance with the policy .

Support service managers should ensure that contracts for the provision of support services take account of the need for a continuous predetermined level of service .
support service managers should [make sure] that contracts for the provision of support services take account of the need for a continuous predetermined level of service .

The `` demographic time-bomb `` as it has become known will ensure that those who are nurses and those who decide to train to become nurses will become more precious by the year .
the `` demographic time-bomb `` as it has become known will [make sure] that those who are nurses and those who decide to train to become nurses will become more precious by the year .

Competition for employees will increase and clearly many major industries are preparing their plans to ensure that they remain competitive .
competition for employees will increase and clearly many major industries are preparing their plans to [make sure] that they remain competitive .

Follow washing instructions when using soluble products , to ensure recommended temperature is not exceeded when soaking the clothes .
follow washing instructions when using soluble products , to [make sure] recommended temperature is not exceeded when soaking the clothes .

In an unquantifiable but real sense , those who died along Changan Avenue and in the Square on the night of June 3–4 helped to ensure by their example that others would not die in Wenceslas Square or on Marx-Engels Platz .
in an unquantifiable but real sense , those who died along changan avenue and in the square on the night of june 3–4 helped to [make sure] by their example that others would not die in wenceslas square or on marx-engels platz .

The proposals of the Wheatley Commission were substantially accepted by the government , but this did not ensure an easy passage into law .
the proposals of the wheatley commission were substantially accepted by the government , but this did not [make sure] an easy passage into law .

The Secretary of State may add to this list and has more general powers to ensure that local authorities do ‘ not act in a manner having the effect or intended or likely to have the effect of restricting , distorting or preventing competition ’ ( s.4 ( 5 ) ) .
the secretary of state may add to this list and has more general powers to [make sure] that local authorities do ‘ not act in a manner having the effect or intended or likely to have the effect of restricting , distorting or preventing competition ’ ( s.4 ( 5 ) ) .

The Committee on the Management of Local Government was appointed , ‘ to consider in the light of modern conditions how local government might best continue to attract and retain people ( both elected representatives and principal officers ) of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness ’ ( Maud 1967 Vol .
the committee on the management of local government was appointed , ‘ to consider in the light of modern conditions how local government might best continue to attract and retain people ( both elected representatives and principal officers ) of the calibre necessary to [make sure] its maximum effectiveness ’ ( maud 1967 vol .

Second , there is a duty to ensure that different sections of the public have been fairly treated .
second , there is a duty to [make sure] that different sections of the public have been fairly treated .

The terms of reference of this committee referred to the need for local government to ‘ continue to attract and retain people … of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness ’ ( Maud 1967 , Vol .
the terms of reference of this committee referred to the need for local government to ‘ continue to attract and retain people … of the calibre necessary to [make sure] its maximum effectiveness ’ ( maud 1967 , vol .

Dolores O'Riordan and three other blokes and me are sitting in a van that 's parked in a yard behind Charlie 's Bar where later on The Cranberries will bring tears to the eyes of grown men and ensure that all present can say ‘ yes ’ when asked if their weekend was happy and filled with nice things .
dolores o'riordan and three other blokes and me are sitting in a van that 's parked in a yard behind charlie 's bar where later on the cranberries will bring tears to the eyes of grown men and [make sure] that all present can say ‘ yes ’ when asked if their weekend was happy and filled with nice things .

Knowledge of the rules , the standards required of us , does not necessarily ensure that they will always be kept , for we still have the choice of breaking them if we wish .
knowledge of the rules , the standards required of us , does not necessarily [make sure] that they will always be kept , for we still have the choice of breaking them if we wish .

That is the rule — in this case , a legal one — is backed up or underwritten by sanctions — in this case , legal ones — designed to ensure compliance with it .
that is the rule — in this case , a legal one — is backed up or underwritten by sanctions — in this case , legal ones — designed to [make sure] compliance with it .

However , sanctions do not always work to ensure conformity by constituting a threat of some sort or another , for some encourage conformity instead by offering inducement .
however , sanctions do not always work to [make sure] conformity by constituting a threat of some sort or another , for some encourage conformity instead by offering inducement .

The behaviour of members of society is also directly affected , as we saw earlier , by sanctions designed to ensure compliance to its standards , that is , by social control .
the behaviour of members of society is also directly affected , as we saw earlier , by sanctions designed to [make sure] compliance to its standards , that is , by social control .

This class — only a small percentage of the adult population — has succeeded in preserving and expanding its wealth , and has developed effective means to ensure that both this wealth and the accompanying social attributes are transmitted across generations .
this class — only a small percentage of the adult population — has succeeded in preserving and expanding its wealth , and has developed effective means to [make sure] that both this wealth and the accompanying social attributes are transmitted across generations .

The dynamics of capital accumulation thus ensure that property is distributed unequally , and that it remains so .
the dynamics of capital accumulation thus [make sure] that property is distributed unequally , and that it remains so .

The close geographical proximity between the Japanese home islands and Korea resulted in Japanese determination to assert herself in Korea so as to ensure the more effective defence of Japan herself ; in addition , it was hoped to exploit Korea economically .
the close geographical proximity between the japanese home islands and korea resulted in japanese determination to assert herself in korea so as to [make sure] the more effective defence of japan herself ; in addition , it was hoped to exploit korea economically .

The principles of Stalinist foreign policy would ensure continued support for the just aspirations of the Korean people :
the principles of stalinist foreign policy would [make sure] continued support for the just aspirations of the korean people :

When , and if , you took out your mortgage , did you fully understand the choices open to you ? New advertising regulations from the Department of Trade and Industry , at present moving through their consultative stage , are designed to ensure that mortgage lenders make borrowers aware that they have a choice between an endowment or repayment mortgage .
when , and if , you took out your mortgage , did you fully understand the choices open to you ? new advertising regulations from the department of trade and industry , at present moving through their consultative stage , are designed to [make sure] that mortgage lenders make borrowers aware that they have a choice between an endowment or repayment mortgage .

Here 's a checklist to help ensure you end up with the right advice .
here 's a checklist to help [make sure] you end up with the right advice .

This will help to prevent surface evaporation and ensure that the roots receive all the moisture they need .
this will help to prevent surface evaporation and [make sure] that the roots receive all the moisture they need .

Second , the Trust is a body committed to conservation on such a wide scale — it is the second largest landowner in Britain — that it also has a clear duty to ensure that it follows good environmental practice in its own affairs .
second , the trust is a body committed to conservation on such a wide scale — it is the second largest landowner in britain — that it also has a clear duty to [make sure] that it follows good environmental practice in its own affairs .

Marketing director Guha has put tighter control on buyers to ensure a consistency of approach .
marketing director guha has put tighter control on buyers to [make sure] a consistency of approach .

The responsible manager must ensure that his company is greener than green on all the major issues according to current opinion , demonstrate to the world at large that this is so , and , for the future , to help form opinions and set the standards for the company 's own as well as the common good .
the responsible manager must [make sure] that his company is greener than green on all the major issues according to current opinion , demonstrate to the world at large that this is so , and , for the future , to help form opinions and set the standards for the company 's own as well as the common good .

Although the Canadian parent did send an accountant over to Belfast , this was only to ensure that Short 's accounting methods were harmonised with the group .
although the canadian parent did send an accountant over to belfast , this was only to [make sure] that short 's accounting methods were harmonised with the group .

This year 's annual report talks about becoming profitable ‘ as soon as possible , to ensure growth and a sound future for employees and suppliers ’ .
this year 's annual report talks about becoming profitable ‘ as soon as possible , to [make sure] growth and a sound future for employees and suppliers ’ .

In London , and later in all major cities , new impervious trunk sewers were built on scientific principles to replace or intercept the old ducts and to ensure that all sewage was discharged downstream .
in london , and later in all major cities , new impervious trunk sewers were built on scientific principles to replace or intercept the old ducts and to [make sure] that all sewage was discharged downstream .

Their role in the reduction of mortality was — and still is — to remove environmental risks to health , to encourage the building of proper sewage and water systems following the Metropolitan example , to enforce housing standards , to ensure that rubbish is collected , to organize health inspections of schoolchildren .
their role in the reduction of mortality was — and still is — to remove environmental risks to health , to encourage the building of proper sewage and water systems following the metropolitan example , to enforce housing standards , to [make sure] that rubbish is collected , to organize health inspections of schoolchildren .

The heralds and the disciplinary officers could achieve much ; but it is clear that no factor could ensure a greater respect for the rules of war and for the interests and property of the non-combatant than could firm leadership .
the heralds and the disciplinary officers could achieve much ; but it is clear that no factor could [make sure] a greater respect for the rules of war and for the interests and property of the non-combatant than could firm leadership .

Only the very best coaches , offering the ultimate in modern travel , are used to ensure your safety and comfort . To help your journey pass quickly and with maximum relaxation , our coaches offer the best in comfort and convenience and onboard facilities which include :
only the very best coaches , offering the ultimate in modern travel , are used to [make sure] your safety and comfort . to help your journey pass quickly and with maximum relaxation , our coaches offer the best in comfort and convenience and onboard facilities which include :

We want to ensure two things happen when you choose to book a Cosmos holiday .
we want to [make sure] two things happen when you choose to book a cosmos holiday .

Though the coaches are scheduled to take you all the way to and from your accommodation , on occasion it may be necessary for Cosmos to employ a local coach for part of the way to and from your hotel in order to comply with strict Driver 's Hours regulations imposed to ensure your safety .
though the coaches are scheduled to take you all the way to and from your accommodation , on occasion it may be necessary for cosmos to employ a local coach for part of the way to and from your hotel in order to comply with strict driver 's hours regulations imposed to [make sure] your safety .

In these instances , Cosmos will do the utmost to ensure the least possible inconvenience to our clients .
in these instances , cosmos will do the utmost to [make sure] the least possible inconvenience to our clients .

If you have a special request please advise your Travel Agent at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the Agent on our computerised Reservations system or given to our Telephone Reservations department as appropriate .
if you have a special request please advise your travel agent at the time of booking and [make sure] this is either correctly noted by the agent on our computerised reservations system or given to our telephone reservations department as appropriate .

If you book through a Travel Agent , you should ensure that you pay the agent in sufficient time to allow payment to reach Cosmos by the due date .
if you book through a travel agent , you should [make sure] that you pay the agent in sufficient time to allow payment to reach cosmos by the due date .

It is your responsibility to ensure that you and those for whom you are booking are in possession of valid passport and any appropriate visas ( please see Holiday Information on page 14 ) .
it is your responsibility to [make sure] that you and those for whom you are booking are in possession of valid passport and any appropriate visas ( please see holiday information on page 14 ) .

To ensure the suitability of the holiday you have chosen , we strongly urge that you or your Travel Agent telephone the Cosmos office prior to booking .
to [make sure] the suitability of the holiday you have chosen , we strongly urge that you or your travel agent telephone the cosmos office prior to booking .

Essentially , states could no longer ensure economic growth unless they integrated with other similar economies .
essentially , states could no longer [make sure] economic growth unless they integrated with other similar economies .

The commission also wants a return to hands-on technology , plus tests to ensure that children progress by ability , not age .
the commission also wants a return to hands-on technology , plus tests to [make sure] that children progress by ability , not age .

In dogs , female and male hormones help to ensure that the bladder neck muscles work properly .
in dogs , female and male hormones help to [make sure] that the bladder neck muscles work properly .

What matters is simply a profession of faith in Jesus as a manifestation of God , and such a profession of faith is in itself sufficient to ensure salvation .
what matters is simply a profession of faith in jesus as a manifestation of god , and such a profession of faith is in itself sufficient to [make sure] salvation .

This rabbinical Judaism , the progenitor of Judaism in its modern form , had in its disillusionment , repudiated the Messianic movement , repudiated ambitious political enterprises and — to ensure its own survival — entrenched itself behind the cultivation of learning , scholarship and ritual observance .
this rabbinical judaism , the progenitor of judaism in its modern form , had in its disillusionment , repudiated the messianic movement , repudiated ambitious political enterprises and — to [make sure] its own survival — entrenched itself behind the cultivation of learning , scholarship and ritual observance .

They , too , were intent on their own survival and , to ensure it , on propitiating Rome .
they , too , were intent on their own survival and , to [make sure] it , on propitiating rome .

This would ensure that they would be firmly established within heroin user networks and not peripheral to them .
this would [make sure] that they would be firmly established within heroin user networks and not peripheral to them .

The case for using a Central Authority as a transmitting agency rests on the argument that the familiarity of its officers with the system of the Convention and with the practice of other countries would ensure that requests which it prepared or approved for transmission were in order and so would be handled expeditiously and without any need to refer a request back for clarification .
the case for using a central authority as a transmitting agency rests on the argument that the familiarity of its officers with the system of the convention and with the practice of other countries would [make sure] that requests which it prepared or approved for transmission were in order and so would be handled expeditiously and without any need to refer a request back for clarification .

The Central Authority system has many advantages , but it can not of course ensure effective or speedy service .
the central authority system has many advantages , but it can not of course [make sure] effective or speedy service .

The three Justices found that the Convention embodied a substantive standard , directed at the purpose of the Convention which was seen as being to ensure timely notice to the defendant .
the three justices found that the convention embodied a substantive standard , directed at the purpose of the convention which was seen as being to [make sure] timely notice to the defendant .

To ensure the simplicity of the system , it is expressly provided in Article 2 that no intervening agency in the requested State is to deal with the Letter of Request on its way to the Central Authority .
to [make sure] the simplicity of the system , it is expressly provided in article 2 that no intervening agency in the requested state is to deal with the letter of request on its way to the central authority .

Some requesting States may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the Convention tries to ensure that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested State .
some requesting states may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the convention tries to [make sure] that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested state .

So , a representative of the authority is entitled to be present at the taking of the evidence ; for example , the authority may wish to ensure that there is no infringement of his State 's sovereignty or security , or to uphold privileges of the witness .
so , a representative of the authority is entitled to be present at the taking of the evidence ; for example , the authority may wish to [make sure] that there is no infringement of his state 's sovereignty or security , or to uphold privileges of the witness .

While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of printed information , readers should be aware that this is an internal newsletter and not an official publication .
while every effort is made to [make sure] the accuracy of printed information , readers should be aware that this is an internal newsletter and not an official publication .

She checks the duty rotas , time sheets and usually liaises with main refectory supervisor John Ricketts to ensure all units are fully staffed .
she checks the duty rotas , time sheets and usually liaises with main refectory supervisor john ricketts to [make sure] all units are fully staffed .

The Organiser shall ensure that
the organiser shall [make sure] that

The University is informed at least 14 days in advance of any meeting or other event at which the speaker or the subject matter to which the meeting or event related is of such a nature that difficulties might be caused for the University in the discharge of its legal responsibility to ensure that freedom of speech within the law is secure for persons using its premises ;
the university is informed at least 14 days in advance of any meeting or other event at which the speaker or the subject matter to which the meeting or event related is of such a nature that difficulties might be caused for the university in the discharge of its legal responsibility to [make sure] that freedom of speech within the law is secure for persons using its premises ;

Selection effects may ensure that only the fittest survive to experience old age .
selection effects may [make sure] that only the fittest survive to experience old age .

The trick , of course , is to give young heroes quick wits and ingenuity as well as an impetuous and opportunist temperament , so that any opening for individual enterprise against the enemy can be plausibly taken : at the same time the status and responsibility of a midshipman , however young , which allows him to direct his seniors in dangerous and often illicit exploits will also ensure that he will have the backing of those older men and the support of their common sense , experience and physical strength .
the trick , of course , is to give young heroes quick wits and ingenuity as well as an impetuous and opportunist temperament , so that any opening for individual enterprise against the enemy can be plausibly taken : at the same time the status and responsibility of a midshipman , however young , which allows him to direct his seniors in dangerous and often illicit exploits will also [make sure] that he will have the backing of those older men and the support of their common sense , experience and physical strength .

In chemistry the initial processes of purification are supposed to ensure that the sample is uncontaminated , and the processes of selection and isolation of materials , that it is typical .
in chemistry the initial processes of purification are supposed to [make sure] that the sample is uncontaminated , and the processes of selection and isolation of materials , that it is typical .

Her hairdresser Kevin Shanley , make-up artist Barbara Daly and David and Elizabeth Emanuel were on hand to ensure that the bride looked her best .
her hairdresser kevin shanley , make-up artist barbara daly and david and elizabeth emanuel were on hand to [make sure] that the bride looked her best .

Brighton Council is concerned to ensure that visitors to the town know how to identify a bona fide taxi .
brighton council is concerned to [make sure] that visitors to the town know how to identify a bona fide taxi .

We aim to ensure your stay with us is relaxed and enjoyable , offering a welcome drink , a generous and delicious breakfast from 7.30 until 10.30 , with a complimentary newspaper , and a licensed bar .
we aim to [make sure] your stay with us is relaxed and enjoyable , offering a welcome drink , a generous and delicious breakfast from 7.30 until 10.30 , with a complimentary newspaper , and a licensed bar .

All our cottages are kept to a high standard to ensure an enjoyable stay .
all our cottages are kept to a high standard to [make sure] an enjoyable stay .

This brochure , published by the Borough Councils of Brighton and Hove , contains only establishments that have been inspected to ensure that they meet strict minimum standards .
this brochure , published by the borough councils of brighton and hove , contains only establishments that have been inspected to [make sure] that they meet strict minimum standards .

Proprietors must ensure that , prior to any establishment being used for accommodation , the various statutory requirements in existence are fully complied with .
proprietors must [make sure] that , prior to any establishment being used for accommodation , the various statutory requirements in existence are fully complied with .

The main object of the code is to ensure that guests shall be informed in writing , before taking up accommodation , what price they will be obliged to pay , particularly the total obligatory charge .
the main object of the code is to [make sure] that guests shall be informed in writing , before taking up accommodation , what price they will be obliged to pay , particularly the total obligatory charge .

All hotels and guesthouses listed are regularly inspected to ensure they comply fully with the standards .
all hotels and guesthouses listed are regularly inspected to [make sure] they comply fully with the standards .

Ernst Richter was the latest recruit from the academy , having arrived the previous day , and he had been assigned to work with Mauer for the first month so that his temperament and personality could be assessed to ensure that later on he would be paired with the right partner .
ernst richter was the latest recruit from the academy , having arrived the previous day , and he had been assigned to work with mauer for the first month so that his temperament and personality could be assessed to [make sure] that later on he would be paired with the right partner .

She pressed her back against the wall and shuffled on the seat of her jeans to the aperture , her eyes continually flickering towards the open door to ensure she was still out of sight of the shed .
she pressed her back against the wall and shuffled on the seat of her jeans to the aperture , her eyes continually flickering towards the open door to [make sure] she was still out of sight of the shed .

When formulating policy , governments are being put under increasing pressure to ensure that their financial sectors do not lag behind either the needs of the economy as a whole , or the rigours of a fast changing international financial environment .
when formulating policy , governments are being put under increasing pressure to [make sure] that their financial sectors do not lag behind either the needs of the economy as a whole , or the rigours of a fast changing international financial environment .

The policy goals which governments seek to secure include : investor confidence , consumer protection , safety , and soundness among financial institutions , efficiency , competition , and the need to ensure that economic power does not become concentrated in the hands of any one sector of the financial services industry .
the policy goals which governments seek to secure include : investor confidence , consumer protection , safety , and soundness among financial institutions , efficiency , competition , and the need to [make sure] that economic power does not become concentrated in the hands of any one sector of the financial services industry .

Prudential Rules : prudential regulation is essential to help ensure the safety and soundness of financial institutions .
prudential rules : prudential regulation is essential to help [make sure] the safety and soundness of financial institutions .

Competitive Regulation : here , the aim is to ensure that competition is not eliminated or seriously hampered by the formation of cartels .
competitive regulation : here , the aim is to [make sure] that competition is not eliminated or seriously hampered by the formation of cartels .

Regulation is therefore imposed to ensure that conflict situations are not abused .
regulation is therefore imposed to [make sure] that conflict situations are not abused .

In this way , the criminal law is used to ensure that the society is a fair and just one , according to the prevailing view of those terms at the time .
in this way , the criminal law is used to [make sure] that the society is a fair and just one , according to the prevailing view of those terms at the time .

An efficient stock market is therefore necessary to ensure an efficient use of capital .
an efficient stock market is therefore necessary to [make sure] an efficient use of capital .

Costs are borne in employing lawyers and other specialists to ensure that trades are within the law .
costs are borne in employing lawyers and other specialists to [make sure] that trades are within the law .

But since the nature of their business is so inexorably linked with valuable information legitimately acquired , it is difficult to ensure that this information is not illegitimately used .
but since the nature of their business is so inexorably linked with valuable information legitimately acquired , it is difficult to [make sure] that this information is not illegitimately used .

The Chinese Wall is a device employed by conglomerates to ensure that they operate within the law .
the chinese wall is a device employed by conglomerates to [make sure] that they operate within the law .

The reference to specific information only , can be best explained by the need to ensure that the definition of inside information is not so wide as to include legitimate research undertaken by investment analysts .
the reference to specific information only , can be best explained by the need to [make sure] that the definition of inside information is not so wide as to include legitimate research undertaken by investment analysts .

We aim to ensure our staff are trained to meet those needs .
we aim to [make sure] our staff are trained to meet those needs .

To help you make the best decisions and to ensure you quickly get to understand the way Italy and the Italians work , when you book we will send you a complimentary booklet ‘ Welcome to Italy ’ full of advice and information .
to help you make the best decisions and to [make sure] you quickly get to understand the way italy and the italians work , when you book we will send you a complimentary booklet ‘ welcome to italy ’ full of advice and information .

Call us and for a cost we will ensure champagne , fruit and flowers are in your room awaiting your arrival .
call us and for a cost we will [make sure] champagne , fruit and flowers are in your room awaiting your arrival .

The hotel is being immaculately restored to ensure all its public rooms are spacious and decorated to give a generally elegant , relaxed ambience throughout .
the hotel is being immaculately restored to [make sure] all its public rooms are spacious and decorated to give a generally elegant , relaxed ambience throughout .

It has delightfully bright , comfortable public rooms designed to ensure guests have everything needed for a relaxed and leisurely stay .
it has delightfully bright , comfortable public rooms designed to [make sure] guests have everything needed for a relaxed and leisurely stay .

Here changing cabins and amenities are available to ensure a comfortable day of swimming and sunbathing .
here changing cabins and amenities are available to [make sure] a comfortable day of swimming and sunbathing .

The majestic mountains of Abruzzo soar to nearly 10,000 feet in this rugged , central region of Italy , and it is here that natural unspoilt habitats ensure bears , eagles and chamois still roam wild .
the majestic mountains of abruzzo soar to nearly 10,000 feet in this rugged , central region of italy , and it is here that natural unspoilt habitats [make sure] bears , eagles and chamois still roam wild .

Bedrooms have telephone and , to help ensure Citalia customers make the most of their stay , the price includes dinner , bed and breakfast and the cost of a hire car with unlimited mileage .
bedrooms have telephone and , to help [make sure] citalia customers make the most of their stay , the price includes dinner , bed and breakfast and the cost of a hire car with unlimited mileage .

They have taken care to combine their excellent tastes with good quality materials to ensure a pleasing outcome .
they have taken care to combine their excellent tastes with good quality materials to [make sure] a pleasing outcome .

Some central control is required over medical education to ensure that rational decisions are being taken and that the quality of education is monitored .
some central control is required over medical education to [make sure] that rational decisions are being taken and that the quality of education is monitored .

Nor do we know how long afferent blockade must be continued during and after surgery to ensure that neuronal plasticity is prevented and not simply delayed .
nor do we know how long afferent blockade must be continued during and after surgery to [make sure] that neuronal plasticity is prevented and not simply delayed .

Better definition of expected health gain , treatment goals , and outcome measures for drug treatment would reduce unnecessary prescribing ; provide safer treatment ; and ensure that drugs are used appropriately .
better definition of expected health gain , treatment goals , and outcome measures for drug treatment would reduce unnecessary prescribing ; provide safer treatment ; and [make sure] that drugs are used appropriately .

Professional advisers can help general practitioners to determine their requirements for prescribing at the primary and secondary care interface and ensure that purchasers include these criteria in contracts .
professional advisers can help general practitioners to determine their requirements for prescribing at the primary and secondary care interface and [make sure] that purchasers include these criteria in contracts .

Professional advisers who are members of drug and therapeutic committees can ensure that primary care concerns are heard and addressed and that they are informed of any changes in hospital prescribing that affect them .
professional advisers who are members of drug and therapeutic committees can [make sure] that primary care concerns are heard and addressed and that they are informed of any changes in hospital prescribing that affect them .

The logical way forward is for purchasers to agree the number of patients they will pay for and for the region to ensure that this provision is adequate .
the logical way forward is for purchasers to agree the number of patients they will pay for and for the region to [make sure] that this provision is adequate .

In addition to dispensing , community pharmacists could offer the same range of services as their hospital counterparts : they could screen and recommend new products to prescribers , analyse prescribing patterns , and ensure safe and appropriate drug therapy since they would have access to patients ' notes .
in addition to dispensing , community pharmacists could offer the same range of services as their hospital counterparts : they could screen and recommend new products to prescribers , analyse prescribing patterns , and [make sure] safe and appropriate drug therapy since they would have access to patients ' notes .

Purchasers will need more advice on prescribing ; in a contract setting this will include the definition of health gain from drugs , secondary care agreement of joint treatment protocols , systems to ensure appropriate prescribing at the primary care and secondary care interface , and definition of the standards and range of pharmaceutical services .
purchasers will need more advice on prescribing ; in a contract setting this will include the definition of health gain from drugs , secondary care agreement of joint treatment protocols , systems to [make sure] appropriate prescribing at the primary care and secondary care interface , and definition of the standards and range of pharmaceutical services .

The family health services authority 's role of advising general practitioners , both on improving their prescribing and on how to ensure value for money , will remain and they will be required to show the effectiveness of their interventions .
the family health services authority 's role of advising general practitioners , both on improving their prescribing and on how to [make sure] value for money , will remain and they will be required to show the effectiveness of their interventions .

Although the original intention had been to formally assess the new curriculum before deciding to extend it to the rest of the school , various forces came into play to ensure that by 1987 the entire 160 strong intake was studying the new pathway course .
although the original intention had been to formally assess the new curriculum before deciding to extend it to the rest of the school , various forces came into play to [make sure] that by 1987 the entire 160 strong intake was studying the new pathway course .

Authorities will need to analyse the services that need to be provided and ensure that they are in place .
authorities will need to analyse the services that need to be provided and [make sure] that they are in place .

As undergraduates they are often exposed to uninspired lecturing from academics , and subsequently many struggle to assimilate the minutiae of medicine in the ( false ) belief that this will ensure an easy passage through the membership examination .
as undergraduates they are often exposed to uninspired lecturing from academics , and subsequently many struggle to assimilate the minutiae of medicine in the ( false ) belief that this will [make sure] an easy passage through the membership examination .

The remaining job sharer intended to provide locum cover for her absent partner in order to provide continuity of care to patients and ensure the minimum of disruption to the practice .
the remaining job sharer intended to provide locum cover for her absent partner in order to provide continuity of care to patients and [make sure] the minimum of disruption to the practice .

The first 750 examples of the Apache were powered by a pair of 150 hp Lycoming engines and , in order to ensure its marginal single engine performance , maximum weight was pegged at 3500 lbs .
the first 750 examples of the apache were powered by a pair of 150 hp lycoming engines and , in order to [make sure] its marginal single engine performance , maximum weight was pegged at 3500 lbs .

This will ensure the freezing point of the electrolyte is well below any temperatures it is likely to experience .
this will [make sure] the freezing point of the electrolyte is well below any temperatures it is likely to experience .

Technical characteristics ensure effective weather stripping and draught proofing , and sturdy frame construction .
technical characteristics [make sure] effective weather stripping and draught proofing , and sturdy frame construction .

To ensure the safety of Parasene butane fuelled blowlamps , every blowlamp is ‘ burn-tested ’ before it leaves the Halesowen factory , and is an additional safety feature , all three sizes of Parasene butane gas cartridges are fitted with special twin-walled safety valves .
to [make sure] the safety of parasene butane fuelled blowlamps , every blowlamp is ‘ burn-tested ’ before it leaves the halesowen factory , and is an additional safety feature , all three sizes of parasene butane gas cartridges are fitted with special twin-walled safety valves .

Ensure the existing mortar bed is smooth , then apply a dry mix of new mortar . Pva adhesive added to the mixing water will ensure a good bond
[make sure] the existing mortar bed is smooth , then apply a dry mix of new mortar . pva adhesive added to the mixing water will [make sure] a good bond

Ensure that cut pieces are a good snug fit in all holes , and that they lie level with the surrounding blockwork .
[make sure] that cut pieces are a good snug fit in all holes , and that they lie level with the surrounding blockwork .

Ensure it fits tight to the sides and base of the cistern .
[make sure] it fits tight to the sides and base of the cistern .

Ensure your floor is smooth and dry , then bisect the floor with chalk lines
[make sure] your floor is smooth and dry , then bisect the floor with chalk lines

Seal the surface of the floor with neat pva building adhesive and allow to dry . This will ensure a good bond between floor and tile
seal the surface of the floor with neat pva building adhesive and allow to dry . this will [make sure] a good bond between floor and tile

An essential piece of equipment is a long spirit level which you use to ensure that your frame is horizontal — do not rely on lining it up with the floor or ceiling of the room .
an essential piece of equipment is a long spirit level which you use to [make sure] that your frame is horizontal — do not rely on lining it up with the floor or ceiling of the room .

You will also need a plumbline to ensure that a frame or end panel is vertical ; this is more accurate and easier to see than using a spirit level .
you will also need a plumbline to [make sure] that a frame or end panel is vertical ; this is more accurate and easier to see than using a spirit level .

How can you ensure that the company you select will be honest and reliable ?
how can you [make sure] that the company you select will be honest and reliable ?

He will also arrange an agreement that enables you to get back your property when you need it , ensure that the rent is paid regularly , and keep an eye on it generally .
he will also arrange an agreement that enables you to get back your property when you need it , [make sure] that the rent is paid regularly , and keep an eye on it generally .

Ensure that any electrical wiring is not hidden beneath the insulation .
[make sure] that any electrical wiring is not hidden beneath the insulation .

Nevertheless some form of discretionary adjustment may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .
nevertheless some form of discretionary adjustment may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to [make sure] an equilibrium in the balance of payments .

But the point is that there is no automatic mechanism to ensure that taxation , saving , and import flows are immediately returned to the domestic circular flow .
but the point is that there is no automatic mechanism to [make sure] that taxation , saving , and import flows are immediately returned to the domestic circular flow .

And Rover 's refined and carefully designed interior — with sunroof , central locking and four-speaker stereo , all fitted as standard — ensure that the Metro GTi 's big car feel is more than just skin deep .
and rover 's refined and carefully designed interior — with sunroof , central locking and four-speaker stereo , all fitted as standard — [make sure] that the metro gti 's big car feel is more than just skin deep .

My eighty-three-year-old father , of Irish descent , still burns a candle in church to ensure the defeat of this or that team whose coach he dislikes or whose reputation he considers inflated .
my eighty-three-year-old father , of irish descent , still burns a candle in church to [make sure] the defeat of this or that team whose coach he dislikes or whose reputation he considers inflated .

Acting upon information received while sleeping , she draws up her invincible battle plans , foils the conspiracies of assassins , learns of the infidelities and corruptions for which she blackmails both her loyalists ( to ensure their support ) and her opponents ( to ensure theirs ) .
acting upon information received while sleeping , she draws up her invincible battle plans , foils the conspiracies of assassins , learns of the infidelities and corruptions for which she blackmails both her loyalists ( to [make sure] their support ) and her opponents ( to [make sure] theirs ) .

Outside Parliament , an all-party Children 's Minimum Campaign Committee had been formed in 1934 ‘ to ensure that no child shall by reason of the poverty of its parents be deprived of at least the minimum food and other requirements for full health ’ .
outside parliament , an all-party children 's minimum campaign committee had been formed in 1934 ‘ to [make sure] that no child shall by reason of the poverty of its parents be deprived of at least the minimum food and other requirements for full health ’ .

No special arrangements were made in the law for people ‘ cohabiting ’ , but the Assistance Board and their successors were expected to use their discretionary powers to ensure that such people were treated just the same as married couples .
no special arrangements were made in the law for people ‘ cohabiting ’ , but the assistance board and their successors were expected to use their discretionary powers to [make sure] that such people were treated just the same as married couples .

In this country much of that experience is differentiated along class lines : crudely , the very well-off use the predominantly single-sex public and boarding school system to accustom their children to an elite future , and the middle class ensure that their neighbourhood state school reinforces the values of their children 's socialisation at home and that , in a streamed system , their children are all in the higher streams ; meanwhile , working-class children are largely concentrated in the less well-resourced state schools , are often in the lower streams , and are frequently regarded by their teachers and even encouraged to think of themselves as ‘ no-hopers ’ .
in this country much of that experience is differentiated along class lines : crudely , the very well-off use the predominantly single-sex public and boarding school system to accustom their children to an elite future , and the middle class [make sure] that their neighbourhood state school reinforces the values of their children 's socialisation at home and that , in a streamed system , their children are all in the higher streams ; meanwhile , working-class children are largely concentrated in the less well-resourced state schools , are often in the lower streams , and are frequently regarded by their teachers and even encouraged to think of themselves as ‘ no-hopers ’ .

However , once across it is usual to fix a Tyrolean traverse to ensure a dry retreat after the climb .
however , once across it is usual to fix a tyrolean traverse to [make sure] a dry retreat after the climb .

Good estates ensure there are shelter belts of trees available ; they feed the deer in winter and shoot the full recommended quota to keep the numbers down to what the ground can support .
good estates [make sure] there are shelter belts of trees available ; they feed the deer in winter and shoot the full recommended quota to keep the numbers down to what the ground can support .

Another problem is trying to ensure that as many disabled people as possible claim their rightful reductions .
another problem is trying to [make sure] that as many disabled people as possible claim their rightful reductions .

The sentences against the rebels were confirmed , and a statute passed which formally annulled the Ordinances and sought to ensure that no such accroachment of royal power could ever again be lawful .
the sentences against the rebels were confirmed , and a statute passed which formally annulled the ordinances and sought to [make sure] that no such accroachment of royal power could ever again be lawful .

It was not in the king 's interest to associate himself with a movement which at most would merely ensure the removal from power of one magnate clique and its replacement by another .
it was not in the king 's interest to associate himself with a movement which at most would merely [make sure] the removal from power of one magnate clique and its replacement by another .

King John may have been willing to agree to anything , even the dismemberment of his kingdom , in order to ensure that he did not die in prison ; but , as Professor Fowler remarked , the treaty was ‘ so preposterous that it is difficult to believe that it was ever intended seriously ’ .
king john may have been willing to agree to anything , even the dismemberment of his kingdom , in order to [make sure] that he did not die in prison ; but , as professor fowler remarked , the treaty was ‘ so preposterous that it is difficult to believe that it was ever intended seriously ’ .

Borrowing and taxation were inseparably linked in these schemes , and the merchants would use their monopolistic powers to enrich themselves and ensure that sufficient cash was available to satisfy the king 's need for loans .
borrowing and taxation were inseparably linked in these schemes , and the merchants would use their monopolistic powers to enrich themselves and [make sure] that sufficient cash was available to satisfy the king 's need for loans .

Bishops were ordered to ensure that prayers were said in every church for the success of the king 's expeditions to France , and news of the great victory of Crécy was proclaimed throughout the realm .
bishops were ordered to [make sure] that prayers were said in every church for the success of the king 's expeditions to france , and news of the great victory of crécy was proclaimed throughout the realm .

De la Mare 's connections probably did as much as his eloquence to ensure his choice as speaker .
de la mare 's connections probably did as much as his eloquence to [make sure] his choice as speaker .

Publishers must ensure that universities do not become vast , cheap rate republishing businesses .
publishers must [make sure] that universities do not become vast , cheap rate republishing businesses .

Shell has argued that suggestions to impose a statutory limit on the size and age of tankers , and to ensure that all new ones have double hulls may back-fire .
shell has argued that suggestions to impose a statutory limit on the size and age of tankers , and to [make sure] that all new ones have double hulls may back-fire .

Huge stands will be erected around the main grass court in early July to ensure more spectators than ever get a chance to witness the talents of some heroes and heroines of yesteryear .
huge stands will be erected around the main grass court in early july to [make sure] more spectators than ever get a chance to witness the talents of some heroes and heroines of yesteryear .

There had been a ‘ painstaking process ’ to ensure the right route was chosen .
there had been a ‘ painstaking process ’ to [make sure] the right route was chosen .

Special care is taken to ensure that teachers understand and can interpret correctly for their students , the plants and wildlife they are likely to encounter along the way .
special care is taken to [make sure] that teachers understand and can interpret correctly for their students , the plants and wildlife they are likely to encounter along the way .

Equally , you need to protect original work from unlawful commercial exploitation , just as you need to ensure that any ideas developed from elsewhere do not infringe someone else 's copyright .
equally , you need to protect original work from unlawful commercial exploitation , just as you need to [make sure] that any ideas developed from elsewhere do not infringe someone else 's copyright .

However , the aim of the week is not only to encourage cheesy grins , but also to ensure people have bright , healthy smiles .
however , the aim of the week is not only to encourage cheesy grins , but also to [make sure] people have bright , healthy smiles .

You must ensure that there is no undue delay in returning marked tests .
you must [make sure] that there is no undue delay in returning marked tests .

We recognised there was a need to ensure quality and consistency in everything we did , to be able to point out to our customers how we do things , and where necessary to be audited on these procedures .
we recognised there was a need to [make sure] quality and consistency in everything we did , to be able to point out to our customers how we do things , and where necessary to be audited on these procedures .

On the Government Review of the nuclear industry , Mr Hann said , ‘ We are focussing on key issues , in conjunction with the Nuclear Utilities Chairmen 's Group , to ensure our industry is well prepared for the review .
on the government review of the nuclear industry , mr hann said , ‘ we are focussing on key issues , in conjunction with the nuclear utilities chairmen 's group , to [make sure] our industry is well prepared for the review .

‘ We are determined to ensure that nuclear generation has a significant future within an integrated and balanced energy policy . ’
‘ we are determined to [make sure] that nuclear generation has a significant future within an integrated and balanced energy policy . ’

At each power station , five full exercises , involving all the local emergency services , are held annually to ensure everyone working at the power station is fully trained to deal with accidents involving any possible hazards .
at each power station , five full exercises , involving all the local emergency services , are held annually to [make sure] everyone working at the power station is fully trained to deal with accidents involving any possible hazards .

‘ He got the approval of the Company and the money will ensure the competition can continue .
‘ he got the approval of the company and the money will [make sure] the competition can continue .

‘ Our process for generating electricity is environmentally friendly , but as a company deeply concerned about the environment we must take action to ensure we are not guilty ourselves , ’ he said .
‘ our process for generating electricity is environmentally friendly , but as a company deeply concerned about the environment we must take action to [make sure] we are not guilty ourselves , ’ he said .

The talks are always enjoyable and our speakers are specially trained to ensure their talks are informative and interesting .
the talks are always enjoyable and our speakers are specially trained to [make sure] their talks are informative and interesting .

‘ Nowadays , the young ambassadors have to pay for their own trips , but to ensure there is a true cross-section of American society takes part many of them are sponsored . ’
‘ nowadays , the young ambassadors have to pay for their own trips , but to [make sure] there is a true cross-section of american society takes part many of them are sponsored . ’

‘ If the answer is yes , then you will shortly be having your workstation assessed to ensure it is properly set up to allow you to work comfortably .
‘ if the answer is yes , then you will shortly be having your workstation assessed to [make sure] it is properly set up to allow you to work comfortably .

These require employers to assess users ' workstations to ensure they meet certain standards .
these require employers to assess users ' workstations to [make sure] they meet certain standards .

‘ Sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria currently in place . ’
‘ sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to [make sure] the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria currently in place . ’

There will be a rolling maintenance programme of the external walls and roof to ensure they continue to be wind and watertight .
there will be a rolling maintenance programme of the external walls and roof to [make sure] they continue to be wind and watertight .

‘ Instructor/supervisors are being trained to ensure that everyone using it is properly advised on how to gain the best from it without running the risk of strain or injury .
‘ instructor/supervisors are being trained to [make sure] that everyone using it is properly advised on how to gain the best from it without running the risk of strain or injury .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule and certificate of insurance at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

Please check your policy schedule at the back of your policy to ensure the details we hold are correct .
please check your policy schedule at the back of your policy to [make sure] the details we hold are correct .

We have made submissions to the Commission with our views on proposed life assurance and pensions directives and we have had successful meetings with representatives of the Commission on the issued raised in both these areas . This is an important time in the development of financial institutions across the community and we are determined that the actuarial professional should play its part in laying the proper foundations , to ensure the most effective protection for the rights and security of the ultimate consumer
we have made submissions to the commission with our views on proposed life assurance and pensions directives and we have had successful meetings with representatives of the commission on the issued raised in both these areas . this is an important time in the development of financial institutions across the community and we are determined that the actuarial professional should play its part in laying the proper foundations , to [make sure] the most effective protection for the rights and security of the ultimate consumer

However , works produced in only a small number of copies are often not received in terms of the Copyright Act , and instead are purchased to ensure that a copy is added to the collection .
however , works produced in only a small number of copies are often not received in terms of the copyright act , and instead are purchased to [make sure] that a copy is added to the collection .

Since the Library 's collections are dispersed throughout three buildings , it is necessary to have a more or less continuous programme of transferring stock from one floor to another , and from one building to another , in order to create space for expansion and to ensure that the printed collections are placed to the maximum advantage as far as distribution , access and preservation are concerned .
since the library 's collections are dispersed throughout three buildings , it is necessary to have a more or less continuous programme of transferring stock from one floor to another , and from one building to another , in order to create space for expansion and to [make sure] that the printed collections are placed to the maximum advantage as far as distribution , access and preservation are concerned .

Although this British and international standard does not of itself guarantee quality , it does ensure consistency of performance and a consistent system of delivering that performance .
although this british and international standard does not of itself guarantee quality , it does [make sure] consistency of performance and a consistent system of delivering that performance .

That same strength will ensure that 1992 is another successful year for us collectively and individually as we all take maximum benefit from the opportunity offered by an improved economic climate .
that same strength will [make sure] that 1992 is another successful year for us collectively and individually as we all take maximum benefit from the opportunity offered by an improved economic climate .

Our service staff have also been working hard to ensure the highest standards in difficult times and to help retain our customers .
our service staff have also been working hard to [make sure] the highest standards in difficult times and to help retain our customers .

Clients are realising the benefits that we can offer and this has been reflected in the substantial growth that we have seen recently in sales performance , backed up of course by a dedicated service structure to ensure that customers stay with us .
clients are realising the benefits that we can offer and this has been reflected in the substantial growth that we have seen recently in sales performance , backed up of course by a dedicated service structure to [make sure] that customers stay with us .

The team effort involved in achieving that goal has been mammoth , with sales , service , administration and management all now pulling together to ensure that our customers ' needs have been met , in spite of the tremendous upheaval involved .
the team effort involved in achieving that goal has been mammoth , with sales , service , administration and management all now pulling together to [make sure] that our customers ' needs have been met , in spite of the tremendous upheaval involved .

Neck and spoke they raced for mile after mile , the horse only drawing breath to ensure Ian was there to open the gates along the way , and to use Ian as a guide when Sally got lost in the maze of the Clubhouse car park !
neck and spoke they raced for mile after mile , the horse only drawing breath to [make sure] ian was there to open the gates along the way , and to use ian as a guide when sally got lost in the maze of the clubhouse car park !

Comlon guarantees to its customers provision of fresh fruit and/or vegetables of consistently high quality and therefore the Managers in the Purchasing Department are constantly seeking to improve procedures to ensure that the necessary supply of a wide range of fruits and vegetables is available in each of their distribution depots — in Athens , Bonn , Frankfurt , Hong Kong , Kuala Lumpur , London , Madrid , Paris , Perth , Rome , Singapore and Sydney .
comlon guarantees to its customers provision of fresh fruit and/or vegetables of consistently high quality and therefore the managers in the purchasing department are constantly seeking to improve procedures to [make sure] that the necessary supply of a wide range of fruits and vegetables is available in each of their distribution depots — in athens , bonn , frankfurt , hong kong , kuala lumpur , london , madrid , paris , perth , rome , singapore and sydney .

( a ) List 6 rules to be followed to ensure that the Department 's supplies are stored safely and all items are maintained in stock .
( a ) list 6 rules to be followed to [make sure] that the department 's supplies are stored safely and all items are maintained in stock .

We will also increase investment in development and management to ensure we can continue to deliver awards that are recognised internationally for their practical focus on the workplace .
we will also increase investment in development and management to [make sure] we can continue to deliver awards that are recognised internationally for their practical focus on the workplace .

Our service to you , our customer , is paramount and it is our objective to ensure that through consistently high standards we meet and realise your needs .
our service to you , our customer , is paramount and it is our objective to [make sure] that through consistently high standards we meet and realise your needs .

At the same time the Board will continue with the development of its systems to ensure flexibility and responsiveness , and also to satisfy the increasing demand for statistics both internally and externally .
at the same time the board will continue with the development of its systems to [make sure] flexibility and responsiveness , and also to satisfy the increasing demand for statistics both internally and externally .

Enterprise Training is also proving its worth in helping more trainees than ever to find work placements and is committing additional resources to ensure that in the future such placements are available for all trainees .
enterprise training is also proving its worth in helping more trainees than ever to find work placements and is committing additional resources to [make sure] that in the future such placements are available for all trainees .

This emphasis will underpin our every action and will ensure that our awards continue to be recognised by education authorities and employers trans-globally .
this emphasis will underpin our every action and will [make sure] that our awards continue to be recognised by education authorities and employers trans-globally .

Great care will be taken to ensure that private study candidates will not be penalised because they come to the examinations in 1993/94 without advance warning of the changed expectation .
great care will be taken to [make sure] that private study candidates will not be penalised because they come to the examinations in 1993/94 without advance warning of the changed expectation .

After the initial three-week programme , line managers will ensure that the graduates ’ jobs offer real opportunities for learning while adding value to the business .
after the initial three-week programme , line managers will [make sure] that the graduates ’ jobs offer real opportunities for learning while adding value to the business .

‘ What becomes more difficult , and what the geoscientists , drillers and completions people all work to ensure , is that the well is drilled in such a way as to make the completion process as routine as possible .
‘ what becomes more difficult , and what the geoscientists , drillers and completions people all work to [make sure] , is that the well is drilled in such a way as to make the completion process as routine as possible .

And Tony Ross and Adam Shand , who ensure the flower beds and grass around Dyce office are at their best , completed a hat-trick of wins in the industrial section .
and tony ross and adam shand , who [make sure] the flower beds and grass around dyce office are at their best , completed a hat-trick of wins in the industrial section .

‘ We worked with Tatham to ensure that the equipment satisfied the need to provide safe , efficient operation of their well , ’ Smith notes .
‘ we worked with tatham to [make sure] that the equipment satisfied the need to provide safe , efficient operation of their well , ’ smith notes .

Work on the long term test at Cusiana in Colombia has highlighted the special need to ensure formation damage is minimised in the difficult geology of the Llanos foothills .
work on the long term test at cusiana in colombia has highlighted the special need to [make sure] formation damage is minimised in the difficult geology of the llanos foothills .

The balance of panel membership was sometimes questioned and there is a need for careful selection of members to ensure an adequate complement of expertise .
the balance of panel membership was sometimes questioned and there is a need for careful selection of members to [make sure] an adequate complement of expertise .

We underestimated the amount of counselling required to ensure that students choose appropriate options .
we underestimated the amount of counselling required to [make sure] that students choose appropriate options .

‘ Pilot Courses ’ comprise units developed for phase 1 and 2 pilot courses and reviewed to ensure that the format of the new operational system is fully adopted .
‘ pilot courses ’ comprise units developed for phase 1 and 2 pilot courses and reviewed to [make sure] that the format of the new operational system is fully adopted .

The underlying principle will be that centres will have maximum delegated authority which is compatible with the Council 's responsibility to ensure nationally recognised standards .
the underlying principle will be that centres will have maximum delegated authority which is compatible with the council 's responsibility to [make sure] nationally recognised standards .

Our efforts will continue , to ensure that Waterford Crystal achieves acceptable and ever improving profits .
our efforts will continue , to [make sure] that waterford crystal achieves acceptable and ever improving profits .

Strategies that ensure the modernisation of manufacturing , distribution and the minimisation of overhead costs will continue to be pursued vigorously .
strategies that [make sure] the modernisation of manufacturing , distribution and the minimisation of overhead costs will continue to be pursued vigorously .

The radical changes which are taking place in the pensions industry mean that actuaries have a growing responsibility to ensure that desirable objectives — such as easily transferable pensions — are achievable in practice .
the radical changes which are taking place in the pensions industry mean that actuaries have a growing responsibility to [make sure] that desirable objectives — such as easily transferable pensions — are achievable in practice .

The perceived benefits of indoor green plants are becoming more apparent and our service to ensure healthy air and water in buildings help to meet increasingly strict legislation .
the perceived benefits of indoor green plants are becoming more apparent and our service to [make sure] healthy air and water in buildings help to meet increasingly strict legislation .

We shall not only survive but continue to grow so long as we give value for money , retain our record of innovation and flexibility , keep the confidence and goodwill of our clients and ensure that we have the best possible range of materials , methods and people in the industry .
we shall not only survive but continue to grow so long as we give value for money , retain our record of innovation and flexibility , keep the confidence and goodwill of our clients and [make sure] that we have the best possible range of materials , methods and people in the industry .

Increasing numbers of press reports on needlestick injuries and discarded clinical waste can only serve to focus attention on our core business , and to remind customers of not only their legal requirements but the social responsibility that they have to ensure that all medical waste is efficiently , correctly and discreetly handled .
increasing numbers of press reports on needlestick injuries and discarded clinical waste can only serve to focus attention on our core business , and to remind customers of not only their legal requirements but the social responsibility that they have to [make sure] that all medical waste is efficiently , correctly and discreetly handled .

All employers and those responsible for buildings are now required to ensure such safety measures are taken and to be able to demonstrate they have done so .
all employers and those responsible for buildings are now required to [make sure] such safety measures are taken and to be able to demonstrate they have done so .

Bryan will also ensure that the current daily cleaning activity for factories , operated by the Office Cleaning division works together with Hygiene 's services .
bryan will also [make sure] that the current daily cleaning activity for factories , operated by the office cleaning division works together with hygiene 's services .

For some time the Company has recognised the need for a policy to increase awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which ensure the Company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect its business operations .
for some time the company has recognised the need for a policy to increase awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which [make sure] the company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect its business operations .

monitor compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of application across the Group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .
monitor compliance with existing regulations to [make sure] consistency of application across the group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .

keep the Board advised of future areas of concern and current compliance with legislation to ensure that a sufficient degree of high level attention is given to this most important subject .
keep the board advised of future areas of concern and current compliance with legislation to [make sure] that a sufficient degree of high level attention is given to this most important subject .

In the long term , this will help ensure our ‘ cradle to grave ’ approach to environmental awareness .
in the long term , this will help [make sure] our ‘ cradle to grave ’ approach to environmental awareness .

We also provide an immediate response if a complaint is received and , whenever reasonably practicable , ensure the necessary corrective action is implemented to eliminate the cause of the complaint to the satisfaction of the complainant .
we also provide an immediate response if a complaint is received and , whenever reasonably practicable , [make sure] the necessary corrective action is implemented to eliminate the cause of the complaint to the satisfaction of the complainant .

Environmental Audits Environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's objectives .
environmental audits environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to [make sure] compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's objectives .

So work has started to spread the ‘ learning difficulties ’ modules throughout the catalogue to ensure that they are placed firmly in the appropriate cognate group .
so work has started to spread the ‘ learning difficulties ’ modules throughout the catalogue to [make sure] that they are placed firmly in the appropriate cognate group .

And last , but not least , centres must ensure that procedures are in place to allow those staff who are teaching the same module to talk to each other so that internal standardisation — essential in a devolved system such as National Certificate — can take place .
and last , but not least , centres must [make sure] that procedures are in place to allow those staff who are teaching the same module to talk to each other so that internal standardisation — essential in a devolved system such as national certificate — can take place .

In this care , observation of a trainee 's performance would not alone ensure comprehensive assessment of competence .
in this care , observation of a trainee 's performance would not alone [make sure] comprehensive assessment of competence .

For this reason , a mechanism must be built to ensure that assessors can be monitored and supported .
for this reason , a mechanism must be built to [make sure] that assessors can be monitored and supported .

The system will ensure that candidates ' achievement is compared accurately against the level of achievement required for the award and is rewarded consistently , whenever and wherever that achievement has been demonstrated .
the system will [make sure] that candidates ' achievement is compared accurately against the level of achievement required for the award and is rewarded consistently , whenever and wherever that achievement has been demonstrated .

The system of external verification will ensure that :
the system of external verification will [make sure] that :

Napier Polytechnic feel that the devolution pilot recognises the extensive expertise already present in the centre to ensure the quality of provision .
napier polytechnic feel that the devolution pilot recognises the extensive expertise already present in the centre to [make sure] the quality of provision .

Together , external verifiers and systems verifiers can ensure that a flexible and centre-focused quality assurance service is available to centres while verification of national standards is maintained .
together , external verifiers and systems verifiers can [make sure] that a flexible and centre-focused quality assurance service is available to centres while verification of national standards is maintained .

Care should be taken with frost claims as the damage could result from lack of maintenance or the policyholder 's failure to take reasonable precautions to ensure the safety of their property .
care should be taken with frost claims as the damage could result from lack of maintenance or the policyholder 's failure to take reasonable precautions to [make sure] the safety of their property .

We have special arrangements in place with Prime Loss Adjusters to ensure prompt claims investigation at a high standard combined with agreed scale fees .
we have special arrangements in place with prime loss adjusters to [make sure] prompt claims investigation at a high standard combined with agreed scale fees .

Certain categories of losses may require closer investigation to ensure the loss occurred as stated e.g .
certain categories of losses may require closer investigation to [make sure] the loss occurred as stated e.g .

If an item requires to be replaced we should ensure that we are replacing on a like for like basis and not giving the insured a superior item containing advanced features and additional facilities .
if an item requires to be replaced we should [make sure] that we are replacing on a like for like basis and not giving the insured a superior item containing advanced features and additional facilities .

The intention is to ensure that the Policyholder will not unnecessarily cause the safety of the property to be endangered .
the intention is to [make sure] that the policyholder will not unnecessarily cause the safety of the property to be endangered .

‘ Eating a sensible diet is the simple way to ensure your cholesterol level stays low and to keep yourself in good , all-round health . ’
‘ eating a sensible diet is the simple way to [make sure] your cholesterol level stays low and to keep yourself in good , all-round health . ’

Ensure your feet are well supported — flat on the ground or on a foot rest .
[make sure] your feet are well supported — flat on the ground or on a foot rest .

In his introduction to the environmental policy document which will be issued to employees in 1993 , Chief Executive Kneale Ashwell explains : ‘ For some time we have recognised the need for a policy to increase awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which ensure the Company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect business operations .
in his introduction to the environmental policy document which will be issued to employees in 1993 , chief executive kneale ashwell explains : ‘ for some time we have recognised the need for a policy to increase awareness , to deal with environmental issues and to implement systems which [make sure] the company complies with all relevant legislation and manages the essential attitudinal and behavioural changes that are likely to affect business operations .

The food distributor then has to ensure special storage conditions , fast delivery , rapid turnover , accurate temperature control and reliable refrigeration , all of which can be ruined by the consumer within hours .
the food distributor then has to [make sure] special storage conditions , fast delivery , rapid turnover , accurate temperature control and reliable refrigeration , all of which can be ruined by the consumer within hours .

Over and above the on-site team are service and branch managers who will visit premises on a weekly basis to ensure that they are being cleaned in accordance with the client 's needs , and they can be contacted twenty four hours a day , whether at home or work , by radio pagers .
over and above the on-site team are service and branch managers who will visit premises on a weekly basis to [make sure] that they are being cleaned in accordance with the client 's needs , and they can be contacted twenty four hours a day , whether at home or work , by radio pagers .

Thomas Swayne 's successors are now employed to protect the new residents of dockland and ensure that the rats give then a wide berth .
thomas swayne 's successors are now employed to protect the new residents of dockland and [make sure] that the rats give then a wide berth .

The paper suggests a variety of measures that will ensure that food is kept , distributed and sold in hygienic conditions .
the paper suggests a variety of measures that will [make sure] that food is kept , distributed and sold in hygienic conditions .

The test will check the fuel tank and visible fuel system components to ensure they are not leaking and are secure .
the test will check the fuel tank and visible fuel system components to [make sure] they are not leaking and are secure .

a local authority has a responsibility to ensure that accommodation in multiple occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .
a local authority has a responsibility to [make sure] that accommodation in multiple occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .

electricity board owed a duty of care to an intelligent teenage boy to ensure that he was effectively prevented from climbing up a pole-mounted , high voltage electrical installation .
electricity board owed a duty of care to an intelligent teenage boy to [make sure] that he was effectively prevented from climbing up a pole-mounted , high voltage electrical installation .

it is the responsibility of the party wishing to change w/o prejudice negotiations to an open basis to ensure that the other party is fully aware .
it is the responsibility of the party wishing to change w/o prejudice negotiations to an open basis to [make sure] that the other party is fully aware .

it follows that it is important to recognise when the limitation period expires and ensure that no action is taken which could mislead a plaintiff .
it follows that it is important to recognise when the limitation period expires and [make sure] that no action is taken which could mislead a plaintiff .

contrary to the accepted general rule a defendant is liable to his neighbour for the negligence of an independent contractor where work carried out between adjoining premises required particular care to ensure a waterproof joint was made .
contrary to the accepted general rule a defendant is liable to his neighbour for the negligence of an independent contractor where work carried out between adjoining premises required particular care to [make sure] a waterproof joint was made .

a local authority has a responsibility to ensure that accommodation in ( multiple occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .
a local authority has a responsibility to [make sure] that accommodation in ( multiple occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .

, has also been deleted to ensure that the Insured 's Legal Liabilities are fully covered .
, has also been deleted to [make sure] that the insured 's legal liabilities are fully covered .

This section of the policy covers the cost of emergency dental treatment and care must be taken to ensure that any claims received only relate to emergency treatment and not cosmetic ‘ treatment ’ , e.g .
this section of the policy covers the cost of emergency dental treatment and care must be taken to [make sure] that any claims received only relate to emergency treatment and not cosmetic ‘ treatment ’ , e.g .

In addition , Branch Managers have been requested to ensure that the Underwriting Supt or Section Leader counter-signs the front sheet to confirm payment is within the policy cover .
in addition , branch managers have been requested to [make sure] that the underwriting supt or section leader counter-signs the front sheet to confirm payment is within the policy cover .

‘ One foreman oversees all operations to ensure that every order receives full and proper attention and the workforce is kept well informed of all requirements , so that we fulfill demand accurately and on time , ’ said Paul .
‘ one foreman oversees all operations to [make sure] that every order receives full and proper attention and the workforce is kept well informed of all requirements , so that we fulfill demand accurately and on time , ’ said paul .

‘ We have now been able to establish the most efficient operational procedure to be followed , ’ said Natasha , ‘ and this has been set up to ensure the highest standards of quality and productivity . ’
‘ we have now been able to establish the most efficient operational procedure to be followed , ’ said natasha , ‘ and this has been set up to [make sure] the highest standards of quality and productivity . ’

For those who were born since the war , the Barlaston Museum exhibition is a living reminder of the efforts taken by the company to ensure the Wedgwood name continued in times of the greatest adversity .
for those who were born since the war , the barlaston museum exhibition is a living reminder of the efforts taken by the company to [make sure] the wedgwood name continued in times of the greatest adversity .

The primary purpose of intimations of claim from third party solicitors is to ensure , insofar as possible , that insured pass on such intimations to their insurers .
the primary purpose of intimations of claim from third party solicitors is to [make sure] , insofar as possible , that insured pass on such intimations to their insurers .

Please check the details on the Claim Form to ensure that the use covered by the Policy is the use to which the vessel is being put .
please check the details on the claim form to [make sure] that the use covered by the policy is the use to which the vessel is being put .

In the case of fire the usual careful consideration should be given to the cause of the fire to ensure that arson by the policyholder is not suspected .
in the case of fire the usual careful consideration should be given to the cause of the fire to [make sure] that arson by the policyholder is not suspected .

All claims should be carefully vetted to ensure that no element of betterment is involved i.e .
all claims should be carefully vetted to [make sure] that no element of betterment is involved i.e .

In all cases where it is possible that wrecks may cause a future problem all steps should be taken to ensure that it is properly disposed of to avoid any possible future Third Party claims .
in all cases where it is possible that wrecks may cause a future problem all steps should be taken to [make sure] that it is properly disposed of to avoid any possible future third party claims .

When a claim for theft of personal effects or special equipment is presented on the Yacht and Motor Boat Policy the proposal should be checked to ensure that the items claimed have been specifically insured .
when a claim for theft of personal effects or special equipment is presented on the yacht and motor boat policy the proposal should be checked to [make sure] that the items claimed have been specifically insured .

If you decide to join the union you are encouraged to play an active part and to ensure your views are represented .
if you decide to join the union you are encouraged to play an active part and to [make sure] your views are represented .

Many of them are well known , such as Edinburgh Castle and Stirling Castle , but we have to ensure that people are aware that some of the lesser-known sites they visit are in the care of Historic Scotland , and that they realise many more are on offer , ’ says Bill .
many of them are well known , such as edinburgh castle and stirling castle , but we have to [make sure] that people are aware that some of the lesser-known sites they visit are in the care of historic scotland , and that they realise many more are on offer , ’ says bill .

‘ We work closely with the organisers of the familiarisation trips to ensure that Historic Scotland sites are featured prominently in their itineraries .
‘ we work closely with the organisers of the familiarisation trips to [make sure] that historic scotland sites are featured prominently in their itineraries .

While it is incumbent upon Bank Management to ensure that they operate profitably to secure profits for expansion , payment to staff and also payment to shareholders , it is also incumbent upon them to display an allegiance to the economy in which they make their profits .
while it is incumbent upon bank management to [make sure] that they operate profitably to secure profits for expansion , payment to staff and also payment to shareholders , it is also incumbent upon them to display an allegiance to the economy in which they make their profits .

It is only through collective effort and strength that we can ensure that a fair deal can be achieved for Bank Officials .
it is only through collective effort and strength that we can [make sure] that a fair deal can be achieved for bank officials .

Under expert instruction , dad ( of course ) would administer the fatal blow , and mum would ensure everyone got their favourite cuts by overseeing the butchery .
under expert instruction , dad ( of course ) would administer the fatal blow , and mum would [make sure] everyone got their favourite cuts by overseeing the butchery .

The Group met three times during the year to try and ensure a balanced representation on the sixty or so committees .
the group met three times during the year to try and [make sure] a balanced representation on the sixty or so committees .

‘ Effective collection systems should also be put in place to ensure that the levy is collected from any income earners , particularly the self-employed professionals and farmers ’ .
‘ effective collection systems should also be put in place to [make sure] that the levy is collected from any income earners , particularly the self-employed professionals and farmers ’ .

As a teacher-researcher , clearly you have an obligation to ensure that everything you do meets generally accepted ethical standards . ‘ Rules ’ , except in very general terms , are difficult to define because the issues will be different according to :
as a teacher-researcher , clearly you have an obligation to [make sure] that everything you do meets generally accepted ethical standards . ‘ rules ’ , except in very general terms , are difficult to define because the issues will be different according to :

While these , of course , are unique to each school , other schools , by using similar methods , would come up with their own action plans , secure in the knowledge that those most involved with the school have had a chance to pull together to ensure that appropriate learning , with support , is taking place .
while these , of course , are unique to each school , other schools , by using similar methods , would come up with their own action plans , secure in the knowledge that those most involved with the school have had a chance to pull together to [make sure] that appropriate learning , with support , is taking place .

What can be done to ensure that the staff development needs of health education co-ordinators are met ? How best can their work load be shared ?
what can be done to [make sure] that the staff development needs of health education co-ordinators are met ? how best can their work load be shared ?

The introduction of the 5–14 programme for Environmental Studies should ensure a core of health education for all primary and lower secondary pupils .
the introduction of the 5–14 programme for environmental studies should [make sure] a core of health education for all primary and lower secondary pupils .

All these activities are aimed to ensure that as more job opportunities become available , the profession will compete successfully in attracting and providing accessible training for the highest quality students .
all these activities are aimed to [make sure] that as more job opportunities become available , the profession will compete successfully in attracting and providing accessible training for the highest quality students .

The objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .
the objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to [make sure] , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .

There is no doubt that these issues need to be addressed and the question should be posed ; where now are the Banks ' plans which were going to ensure a smooth change without any adverse implications for members ?
there is no doubt that these issues need to be addressed and the question should be posed ; where now are the banks ' plans which were going to [make sure] a smooth change without any adverse implications for members ?

Informed and accurate information should be forwarded to ‘ 93 ’ to ensure that in each location the Banks ' guarantees are implemented in full .
informed and accurate information should be forwarded to ‘ 93 ’ to [make sure] that in each location the banks ' guarantees are implemented in full .

Our objective is to ensure that members can operate these new hours in a satisfactory way and not be expected to do so under enormous pressure .
our objective is to [make sure] that members can operate these new hours in a satisfactory way and not be expected to do so under enormous pressure .

‘ We must ensure that the support materials we prepare for teachers are as closely tied in with the demands of the curriculum as possible , especially with the new 5 – 14 guidelines , and my first priority has been to talk to Educational Advisers throughout Scotland .
‘ we must [make sure] that the support materials we prepare for teachers are as closely tied in with the demands of the curriculum as possible , especially with the new 5 – 14 guidelines , and my first priority has been to talk to educational advisers throughout scotland .

To ensure that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .
to [make sure] that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .

While the immediate concern was naturally to halt production and ensure the process was clean , ‘ the company was very fortunate that its competitors were unable during the disruption to step up their own production rapidly and strip away its market share .
while the immediate concern was naturally to halt production and [make sure] the process was clean , ‘ the company was very fortunate that its competitors were unable during the disruption to step up their own production rapidly and strip away its market share .

If , as the experts argue , board-level commitment is essential to ensure that effective risk management is driven through the entire organisation , the impetus for this is set to come from a not entirely welcome quarter .
if , as the experts argue , board-level commitment is essential to [make sure] that effective risk management is driven through the entire organisation , the impetus for this is set to come from a not entirely welcome quarter .

By doing this , you will help us to ensure that the results are truly representative of the Association 's breadth of membership .
by doing this , you will help us to [make sure] that the results are truly representative of the association 's breadth of membership .

‘ The catering industry is unique in the challenges it offers young people and every effort must be made to ensure that it plays a central role in careers advice , ’ he said .
‘ the catering industry is unique in the challenges it offers young people and every effort must be made to [make sure] that it plays a central role in careers advice , ’ he said .

‘ Senior management must , therefore , not only be safeguarding today 's profits , but look to the long-term to ensure future success .
‘ senior management must , therefore , not only be safeguarding today 's profits , but look to the long-term to [make sure] future success .

‘ We have to be careful that as we shed uniformed staff , it is on a gradual basis to avoid redundancies and to ensure that those who stay will still continue to have promotion prospects . ’
‘ we have to be careful that as we shed uniformed staff , it is on a gradual basis to avoid redundancies and to [make sure] that those who stay will still continue to have promotion prospects . ’

This review attempts to catalogue the mechanisms available to such firms in their efforts to reduce risk , ensure payment and secure adequate finance .
this review attempts to catalogue the mechanisms available to such firms in their efforts to reduce risk , [make sure] payment and secure adequate finance .

It does not ensure that the buyer will acknowledge the debt or indeed settle the invoice when due and therefore demands a great deal of trust between both parties .
it does not [make sure] that the buyer will acknowledge the debt or indeed settle the invoice when due and therefore demands a great deal of trust between both parties .

the University may wish to consider how it can ensure that its procedures for probationary staff are being applied uniformly across departments .
the university may wish to consider how it can [make sure] that its procedures for probationary staff are being applied uniformly across departments .

At Virgin , over and above establishing more centralised management functions ‘ my role was to ensure we were informal but not casual , to the extent that Richard had a limited number of objectives we were committed to spending money on , based on a view of ; the company and the things we had to do well ’ , he said .
at virgin , over and above establishing more centralised management functions ‘ my role was to [make sure] we were informal but not casual , to the extent that richard had a limited number of objectives we were committed to spending money on , based on a view of ; the company and the things we had to do well ’ , he said .

‘ He was very determined to ensure all the power remained in the centre , one observer said .
‘ he was very determined to [make sure] all the power remained in the centre , one observer said .

His firm took advice form consultants at the University of Strathclyde before buying their computer system , to ensure minimal redundancy and the potential for infinite future expansion .
his firm took advice form consultants at the university of strathclyde before buying their computer system , to [make sure] minimal redundancy and the potential for infinite future expansion .

‘ The Clackmannan review is to ensure that the council 's property investments are performing adequately and it will also provide a baseline to enable decisions to be taken regarding the portfolio and its future management , ’ said , senior partner with Bell-Ingram .
‘ the clackmannan review is to [make sure] that the council 's property investments are performing adequately and it will also provide a baseline to enable decisions to be taken regarding the portfolio and its future management , ’ said , senior partner with bell-ingram .

Trustees are obliged under Article 119 to do everything in their power to ensure benefits comply with equal treatment and that cases can be brought against them as well as the employer , it says , although it recognises there may be limits imposed by the size of the fund and the trust terms .
trustees are obliged under article 119 to do everything in their power to [make sure] benefits comply with equal treatment and that cases can be brought against them as well as the employer , it says , although it recognises there may be limits imposed by the size of the fund and the trust terms .

Department heads wield budgets with entrepreneurial aplomb , buying units of teaching time from other departments or , as seems likely soon , creating a market to buy and sell slots in a timetable of lecture room space to ensure their efficient allocation .
department heads wield budgets with entrepreneurial aplomb , buying units of teaching time from other departments or , as seems likely soon , creating a market to buy and sell slots in a timetable of lecture room space to [make sure] their efficient allocation .

It also has a magnificent wine cellar , with around 3000 bottles , stored in cupboards which have the temperature controlled by computer to ensure that every variety is held at the correct level .
it also has a magnificent wine cellar , with around 3000 bottles , stored in cupboards which have the temperature controlled by computer to [make sure] that every variety is held at the correct level .

All of this is unlikely to present much of a problem to most of the larger operators with their own hygiene and quality control management , although even they will need to ensure that any programme of training and retraining of personnel is controlled and recorded .
all of this is unlikely to present much of a problem to most of the larger operators with their own hygiene and quality control management , although even they will need to [make sure] that any programme of training and retraining of personnel is controlled and recorded .

Smaller organisations , on the other hand , may well find themselves treading new ground , although the Government is anxious to ensure that there are as few mines as possible to obstruct them .
smaller organisations , on the other hand , may well find themselves treading new ground , although the government is anxious to [make sure] that there are as few mines as possible to obstruct them .

Keeping records of temperature checks to ensure the system is working correctly .
keeping records of temperature checks to [make sure] the system is working correctly .

‘ When it comes to hygiene , we work on the assumption that food brought in from outside is on dirty containers , so we dispense with all outside containers and we use a probe to ensure correct temperatures , ’ he explains .
‘ when it comes to hygiene , we work on the assumption that food brought in from outside is on dirty containers , so we dispense with all outside containers and we use a probe to [make sure] correct temperatures , ’ he explains .

Although it is a parent 's or guardian 's statutory responsibility to ensure children 's regular attendance at school , schools generally see it as their responsibility to monitor attendance , to seek explanation from parents for pupils ' non-attendance and to ensure that once pupils come to school they attend their classes .
although it is a parent 's or guardian 's statutory responsibility to [make sure] children 's regular attendance at school , schools generally see it as their responsibility to monitor attendance , to seek explanation from parents for pupils ' non-attendance and to [make sure] that once pupils come to school they attend their classes .

Our continuing priority in the 1900s will be to help unemployed people , and particularly the most disadvantage , to find work , and to ensure that in the meantime we pay them benefits accurately and on time .
our continuing priority in the 1900s will be to help unemployed people , and particularly the most disadvantage , to find work , and to [make sure] that in the meantime we pay them benefits accurately and on time .

Our continuing priority in the 1990s will be to help unemployed people , and particularly the most disadvantaged , to find work , and to ensure that in the meantime we pay them benefits accurately and on time .
our continuing priority in the 1990s will be to help unemployed people , and particularly the most disadvantaged , to find work , and to [make sure] that in the meantime we pay them benefits accurately and on time .

Your line manager will ensure that you are fully trained and given the maximum encouragement to help you become effective .
your line manager will [make sure] that you are fully trained and given the maximum encouragement to help you become effective .

In order to ensure the quality of our service , and to avoid undue pressure on their colleagues , we have no option other than to dismiss these people .
in order to [make sure] the quality of our service , and to avoid undue pressure on their colleagues , we have no option other than to dismiss these people .

you must ensure that , in all financial matters , you follow correct procedures so that money , property and other funds are properly safeguarded and not misappropriated .
you must [make sure] that , in all financial matters , you follow correct procedures so that money , property and other funds are properly safeguarded and not misappropriated .

You must take care to ensure that all our customers receive any financial benefit to which they are entitled and no financial benefit to which they are not entitled .
you must take care to [make sure] that all our customers receive any financial benefit to which they are entitled and no financial benefit to which they are not entitled .

If you work Flexible Working Hours you must ensure that you record your times of work accurately .
if you work flexible working hours you must [make sure] that you record your times of work accurately .

Foresters ' Hall In a letter from Councillor Mrs. Brereton to Mrs. Burden of Juniper Green Primary School 's Board she states that she will do her utmost to ensure that the site retains its present planning use .
foresters ' hall in a letter from councillor mrs. brereton to mrs. burden of juniper green primary school 's board she states that she will do her utmost to [make sure] that the site retains its present planning use .

The production of a house journal is common in most large organisations , but it is important to ensure that the style and tone of the journal is apt .
the production of a house journal is common in most large organisations , but it is important to [make sure] that the style and tone of the journal is apt .

It is important that every effort is made to ensure that the implementation of schemes is non-problematic and successful .
it is important that every effort is made to [make sure] that the implementation of schemes is non-problematic and successful .

‘ The applicants or their successor(s) shall ensure that house completions are phased so that a maximum of 30 units are completed per annum , commencing on 1 January 1992 , of which 20 units shall be detached or semi-detached family houses and 10 units shall be flats , all to the satisfaction of the Director of Education , Lothian Regional Council and the Director of Planning , Edinburgh District Council . ’
‘ the applicants or their successor(s) shall [make sure] that house completions are phased so that a maximum of 30 units are completed per annum , commencing on 1 january 1992 , of which 20 units shall be detached or semi-detached family houses and 10 units shall be flats , all to the satisfaction of the director of education , lothian regional council and the director of planning , edinburgh district council . ’

As you will appreciate , the above is intended to ensure that there is no ambiguity about the nature of the planning permission being sought by your client .
as you will appreciate , the above is intended to [make sure] that there is no ambiguity about the nature of the planning permission being sought by your client .

As you know , taxi companies participating in the Taxicard scheme are required , by the terms of the agreement with Lothian Regional Council , to ensure that their drivers attend any short training course which we specify as required .
as you know , taxi companies participating in the taxicard scheme are required , by the terms of the agreement with lothian regional council , to [make sure] that their drivers attend any short training course which we specify as required .

However , unless we identify the drivers who have not yet been on the training courses , and ensure their attendance at sessions at an early date , we will have to restrict Taxicard work to those drivers who have already attended the training , in order to fulfil our assurance to Taxicard holders that participating drivers have undergone this training .
however , unless we identify the drivers who have not yet been on the training courses , and [make sure] their attendance at sessions at an early date , we will have to restrict taxicard work to those drivers who have already attended the training , in order to fulfil our assurance to taxicard holders that participating drivers have undergone this training .

The main points of the code of practice are enforced in West Lothian , Midlothian and Edinburgh by the requirement that drivers of wheelchair-accessible taxis must attend short training sessions which ensure that drivers are aware of the correct use of ramps , wheelchair restraints and passenger seat belts .
the main points of the code of practice are enforced in west lothian , midlothian and edinburgh by the requirement that drivers of wheelchair-accessible taxis must attend short training sessions which [make sure] that drivers are aware of the correct use of ramps , wheelchair restraints and passenger seat belts .

Generally , it is difficult to ensure that building works are completed once planning consent has been granted .
generally , it is difficult to [make sure] that building works are completed once planning consent has been granted .

Notes should be added to the drawings to ensure that
notes should be added to the drawings to [make sure] that

This will ensure that flexi records are accurate and up to date .
this will [make sure] that flexi records are accurate and up to date .

It is important to ensure that legitimate public interest in environmental issues is properly met by access to reliable information and advice .
it is important to [make sure] that legitimate public interest in environmental issues is properly met by access to reliable information and advice .

if joint working is to take place it should be statutory — not optional — to ensure the activity takes place and to ensure staff stability ;
if joint working is to take place it should be statutory — not optional — to [make sure] the activity takes place and to [make sure] staff stability ;

The Director encouraged individuals to respond to the Scottish Office — to ensure these efforts are guided , it would be useful if your Divisional response on strategic planning was circulated within our Division as a standard framework .
the director encouraged individuals to respond to the scottish office — to [make sure] these efforts are guided , it would be useful if your divisional response on strategic planning was circulated within our division as a standard framework .

to ensure continuing employment with the Council for existing permanent staff affected by the restructuring , as far as possible at Chesser House ;
to [make sure] continuing employment with the council for existing permanent staff affected by the restructuring , as far as possible at chesser house ;

It is also important that you understand that the Council has a legal obligation to implement the Council Tax without further delay and that the Council will require to take all necessary steps to ensure that the matter is speedily progressed .
it is also important that you understand that the council has a legal obligation to implement the council tax without further delay and that the council will require to take all necessary steps to [make sure] that the matter is speedily progressed .

The use of a software package such as ‘ Office Power ’ with the ability to generate on-line a standard response to correspondence would dramatically improve the response time in dealing with most enquiries from individual and ensure that a response is made within a matter of days .
the use of a software package such as ‘ office power ’ with the ability to generate on-line a standard response to correspondence would dramatically improve the response time in dealing with most enquiries from individual and [make sure] that a response is made within a matter of days .

The use of a facility such as ‘ Office Power ’ and its electronic mail capabilities would ensure that all aspects of a case could be considered timeously without fear of hard copy correspondence being lost between different sections inadvertently or otherwise not actioned .
the use of a facility such as ‘ office power ’ and its electronic mail capabilities would [make sure] that all aspects of a case could be considered timeously without fear of hard copy correspondence being lost between different sections inadvertently or otherwise not actioned .

It would ensure that correspondence is included in an individual 's electronic in-tray quickly and issues dealt with promptly .
it would [make sure] that correspondence is included in an individual 's electronic in-tray quickly and issues dealt with promptly .

Being a sensible young man he calculated energy changes for each reaction and used Standard Electrode Potentials , ( beloved of all A-level chemists ) claiming that this would ensure that all reactions he carried out were safe .
being a sensible young man he calculated energy changes for each reaction and used standard electrode potentials , ( beloved of all a-level chemists ) claiming that this would [make sure] that all reactions he carried out were safe .

It is the intention of the National President to ensure that the business sessions are completed by lunchtime , if not before , thus leaving the delegates with the afternoon free .
it is the intention of the national president to [make sure] that the business sessions are completed by lunchtime , if not before , thus leaving the delegates with the afternoon free .

These Regulations are designed to ensure that employers introduce arrangements for effective management of health and safety in which employees and safety representatives will have to play their part .
these regulations are designed to [make sure] that employers introduce arrangements for effective management of health and safety in which employees and safety representatives will have to play their part .

This is particularly important for those interested in research , since they must ensure that the department has the facilities and the expert supervision that will be necessary .
this is particularly important for those interested in research , since they must [make sure] that the department has the facilities and the expert supervision that will be necessary .

Before embarking on a research project , you must ensure that you have sufficient resources at your disposal to complete it successfully .
before embarking on a research project , you must [make sure] that you have sufficient resources at your disposal to complete it successfully .

You must make your own arrangements to ensure sufficient support .
you must make your own arrangements to [make sure] sufficient support .

All such lodgings are inspected by Allocations Office Staff and are regularly revisited to ensure that the correct standards are being maintained .
all such lodgings are inspected by allocations office staff and are regularly revisited to [make sure] that the correct standards are being maintained .

Covers the principles and practices of seed multiplication necessary to ensure a regular supply of quality seed to farmers : includes seed industry development , structure and management ; seed production , processing , storage and marketing ; quality control and trials procedures .
covers the principles and practices of seed multiplication necessary to [make sure] a regular supply of quality seed to farmers : includes seed industry development , structure and management ; seed production , processing , storage and marketing ; quality control and trials procedures .

The trouble was that since they were not directly under his control he was unable to ensure the quality of their work in the way that , for example , Owen could .
the trouble was that since they were not directly under his control he was unable to [make sure] the quality of their work in the way that , for example , owen could .

He had warned the Assistant Commissioner , McPhee , and together they would ensure that for the next two or three days the City was flooded with agents who would alert them at once to an assembly .
he had warned the assistant commissioner , mcphee , and together they would [make sure] that for the next two or three days the city was flooded with agents who would alert them at once to an assembly .

There was no doubting the eagerness of many colleges to respond to the challenge and the opportunity , and the Board — containing a number of lively young university people and interested employers — was torn between its anxiety to go ahead quickly and the need to ensure that it established what it called at its first meeting ‘ lasting standards ’ .
there was no doubting the eagerness of many colleges to respond to the challenge and the opportunity , and the board — containing a number of lively young university people and interested employers — was torn between its anxiety to go ahead quickly and the need to [make sure] that it established what it called at its first meeting ‘ lasting standards ’ .

Although in some subject areas there were complaints that proposals from the colleges were too ‘ traditional ’ ( and a belief by some colleges that this was the best way to ensure success with the ‘ traditional ’ members of subject boards ) , there were developments unrelated to specific subjects that were new and — in validation terms — difficult .
although in some subject areas there were complaints that proposals from the colleges were too ‘ traditional ’ ( and a belief by some colleges that this was the best way to [make sure] success with the ‘ traditional ’ members of subject boards ) , there were developments unrelated to specific subjects that were new and — in validation terms — difficult .

It saw itself as primarily a teaching institution and Lindop underlined that ‘ we are at pains to ensure that we recruit staff who share our view of the primacy of teaching ’ , and the Polytechnic was requiring new and inexperienced staff to attend an in-service training programme of about 250 hours in their first year .
it saw itself as primarily a teaching institution and lindop underlined that ‘ we are at pains to [make sure] that we recruit staff who share our view of the primacy of teaching ’ , and the polytechnic was requiring new and inexperienced staff to attend an in-service training programme of about 250 hours in their first year .

On the one hand , much empirical evidence seems to point to the fact that fire-cults in which fire-wheels are rolled down hills , thrown into the air , or in which bonfires are kindled on Midwinter 's or Midsummer 's Day all reflect solar symbolism ; the object of these practices being to ensure the return of the sun , or protection against its heat or whatever .
on the one hand , much empirical evidence seems to point to the fact that fire-cults in which fire-wheels are rolled down hills , thrown into the air , or in which bonfires are kindled on midwinter 's or midsummer 's day all reflect solar symbolism ; the object of these practices being to [make sure] the return of the sun , or protection against its heat or whatever .

These cortical consequences of social evolution provide the basis for the acquisition of some sort of superego , even if they can not ensure that it is a rational , mature and adaptive one .
these cortical consequences of social evolution provide the basis for the acquisition of some sort of superego , even if they can not [make sure] that it is a rational , mature and adaptive one .

The Allocations Office maintains a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited subsequently to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .
the allocations office maintains a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited subsequently to [make sure] that correct standards are being maintained .

In practice , more than this minimum is likely to be required for entry to the majority of the courses offered by the University , in order to ensure that those admitted to degree courses possess a sufficiently broad educational background and that they may reasonably be expected to benefit from a university education .
in practice , more than this minimum is likely to be required for entry to the majority of the courses offered by the university , in order to [make sure] that those admitted to degree courses possess a sufficiently broad educational background and that they may reasonably be expected to benefit from a university education .

You must ensure that you have sufficient support to cover all your financial needs .
you must [make sure] that you have sufficient support to cover all your financial needs .

Members of staff are aware of the special nature of the skills required for law and make every effort in lectures and tutorials to ensure that the transition from school to university work is a smooth one .
members of staff are aware of the special nature of the skills required for law and make every effort in lectures and tutorials to [make sure] that the transition from school to university work is a smooth one .

The faculty is particularly keen to ensure that candidates who have not made the ‘ going rate ’ because of disadvantaged or deprived circumstances but who are of good academic potential are given every chance of entry .
the faculty is particularly keen to [make sure] that candidates who have not made the ‘ going rate ’ because of disadvantaged or deprived circumstances but who are of good academic potential are given every chance of entry .

The mathematical techniques of management science are used to ensure the efficient conduct of operations .
the mathematical techniques of management science are used to [make sure] the efficient conduct of operations .

Modern democracies are dependent on non-bureaucratic political institutions to ensure that the large bureaucracies employed by modern governments do not become excessively autonomous .
modern democracies are dependent on non-bureaucratic political institutions to [make sure] that the large bureaucracies employed by modern governments do not become excessively autonomous .

Within this reorganized framework the state could simultaneously ensure the interests of the nascent mercantile and manufacturing classes and protect aristocratic property and privileges .
within this reorganized framework the state could simultaneously [make sure] the interests of the nascent mercantile and manufacturing classes and protect aristocratic property and privileges .

Re-democratization of administration and the development of self-administration in society ‘ to ensure the institutional authority of society over the power of management ’ .
re-democratization of administration and the development of self-administration in society ‘ to [make sure] the institutional authority of society over the power of management ’ .

The supervisory powers of the party in East Germany were considerably extended in the 1970s to include educational institutions , medical establishments , government ministries and other parts of the central administration , going beyond reporting mistakes and inefficiencies to the exercise of control to ensure conformity to party decisions and observance of ‘ socialist legal norms ’ .
the supervisory powers of the party in east germany were considerably extended in the 1970s to include educational institutions , medical establishments , government ministries and other parts of the central administration , going beyond reporting mistakes and inefficiencies to the exercise of control to [make sure] conformity to party decisions and observance of ‘ socialist legal norms ’ .

The state is responsible at both central and local levels for services which ensure the reproduction of the labour force — education , health and welfare .
the state is responsible at both central and local levels for services which [make sure] the reproduction of the labour force — education , health and welfare .

This then becomes a problem for management : how to ensure that such needs are satisfied so that output and productivity are not adversely affected .
this then becomes a problem for management : how to [make sure] that such needs are satisfied so that output and productivity are not adversely affected .

Ensure that you are familiar with any heating controls the system may have such as a time clock or programmer .
[make sure] that you are familiar with any heating controls the system may have such as a time clock or programmer .

Have your boiler serviced once a year to ensure it is running at peak efficiency and is safe .
have your boiler serviced once a year to [make sure] it is running at peak efficiency and is safe .

The cultural-ideological project of global capitalism is to persuade people to consume above their own perceived needs in order to perpetuate the accumulation of capital for private profit , in other words , to ensure that the global capitalist system goes on for ever .
the cultural-ideological project of global capitalism is to persuade people to consume above their own perceived needs in order to perpetuate the accumulation of capital for private profit , in other words , to [make sure] that the global capitalist system goes on for ever .

The point of economic activity for ‘ ordinary members ’ of the system is simply to provide the resources to be consumers , and the point of political activity is to ensure , usually through inactivity , that the conditions for consuming are maintained .
the point of economic activity for ‘ ordinary members ’ of the system is simply to provide the resources to be consumers , and the point of political activity is to [make sure] , usually through inactivity , that the conditions for consuming are maintained .

While TNCs are certainly to be found in a wide variety of economic sectors they share the same basic function of capital accumulation on a global scale , and the same consistent character of having to work out global strategies to ensure their continued growth .
while tncs are certainly to be found in a wide variety of economic sectors they share the same basic function of capital accumulation on a global scale , and the same consistent character of having to work out global strategies to [make sure] their continued growth .

While Green politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are finite and have to be carefully tended , global capitalist politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are virtually infinite , due to the scientific and technological ingenuity released by the capitalist system that will ensure unlimited replacement or substitution of resources as they are used up .
while green politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are finite and have to be carefully tended , global capitalist politics are based on the belief that the resources of the planet are virtually infinite , due to the scientific and technological ingenuity released by the capitalist system that will [make sure] unlimited replacement or substitution of resources as they are used up .

That is to say , the barriers to entry to the industry are such as to ensure the dominance of the highly priced and expensively packaged products .
that is to say , the barriers to entry to the industry are such as to [make sure] the dominance of the highly priced and expensively packaged products .

Mindful of questions such as these , many Third World governments have tried to establish food policies in order to ensure an acceptable level of food security over the medium and long term .
mindful of questions such as these , many third world governments have tried to establish food policies in order to [make sure] an acceptable level of food security over the medium and long term .

It is recommended that fluoroscopy be used for dilataion of these high risk patients to ensure proper positioning of the guidewire .
it is recommended that fluoroscopy be used for dilataion of these high risk patients to [make sure] proper positioning of the guidewire .

This made him an acceptable candidate as protector and , once he held that office , helped to ensure that he could call on the backing of the Yorkist establishment .
this made him an acceptable candidate as protector and , once he held that office , helped to [make sure] that he could call on the backing of the yorkist establishment .

Digital rectal examination was performed before insertion of the tube to ensure that the rectum was empty .
digital rectal examination was performed before insertion of the tube to [make sure] that the rectum was empty .

The use of this equipment should obviate this problem and also helps to ensure that the sphincterotomy continues in the correct direction .
the use of this equipment should obviate this problem and also helps to [make sure] that the sphincterotomy continues in the correct direction .

At the beginning of the study , each polyp patient underwent total colonoscopy and a ‘ clearing ’ polypectomy to ensure a polyp free colon .
at the beginning of the study , each polyp patient underwent total colonoscopy and a ‘ clearing ’ polypectomy to [make sure] a polyp free colon .

The tutor is responsible for the member 's development whilst at Henley , and works closely with the member to ensure that maximum benefit is achieved from the programme .
the tutor is responsible for the member 's development whilst at henley , and works closely with the member to [make sure] that maximum benefit is achieved from the programme .

Ensure effective group process
[make sure] effective group process

Company Programmes at Henley aim to ensure that every programme developed is unique to the needs of the client organisation and tailored accordingly .
company programmes at henley aim to [make sure] that every programme developed is unique to the needs of the client organisation and tailored accordingly .

The Henley Faculty — in developing the Programme the Client Director will call upon members of the Henley Faculty and will ensure that those selected to work with you have the necessary blend of subject and industry expertise .
the henley faculty — in developing the programme the client director will call upon members of the henley faculty and will [make sure] that those selected to work with you have the necessary blend of subject and industry expertise .

In the sixteenth century , rents and entry fines began to rise again , and lords no longer felt it desirable to ensure their income by lengthening the terms of leases , when frequent renegotiation of these could give them more opportunities to raise rents .
in the sixteenth century , rents and entry fines began to rise again , and lords no longer felt it desirable to [make sure] their income by lengthening the terms of leases , when frequent renegotiation of these could give them more opportunities to raise rents .

Meetings were held weekly between supervisors and headquarters field and data-processing staff , and at least once every 2 weeks between groups of fieldworkers and their supervisors to ensure good two-way communication .
meetings were held weekly between supervisors and headquarters field and data-processing staff , and at least once every 2 weeks between groups of fieldworkers and their supervisors to [make sure] good two-way communication .

Federal assistant deputy minister ( health protection branch ) Kent Foster repeatedly stressed that the provinces wanted to ensure the ‘ future ’ safety of the system .
federal assistant deputy minister ( health protection branch ) kent foster repeatedly stressed that the provinces wanted to [make sure] the ‘ future ’ safety of the system .

That accounting systems can be counter-productive for example the maximization of a division 's profit may not always ensure the maximization of enterprise profit .
that accounting systems can be counter-productive for example the maximization of a division 's profit may not always [make sure] the maximization of enterprise profit .

It is important for the learning process to avoid being prescriptive but at the same time ensure that the alternatives put forward are acceptable .
it is important for the learning process to avoid being prescriptive but at the same time [make sure] that the alternatives put forward are acceptable .

If , for example , a firm were to amend its sales budget half-way through a budget period the personnel responsible for production need to know this amended sales budget so they can plan and make provisions to ensure the products are available for sale .
if , for example , a firm were to amend its sales budget half-way through a budget period the personnel responsible for production need to know this amended sales budget so they can plan and make provisions to [make sure] the products are available for sale .

For example , those responsible for the labour budget will know the hours required for forthcoming period and can therefore plan to ensure this requirement is available .
for example , those responsible for the labour budget will know the hours required for forthcoming period and can therefore plan to [make sure] this requirement is available .

Thus , measurement of carbamylated haemoglobin can be used to ensure that patients with a potentially reversible element to their renal failure are referred without delay to a specialist centre for further investigation and treatment .
thus , measurement of carbamylated haemoglobin can be used to [make sure] that patients with a potentially reversible element to their renal failure are referred without delay to a specialist centre for further investigation and treatment .

This is important in order to ensure that patients and their families do not categorise staff members as good or bad depending on their role in the ward — eg , viewing the nurse supervising the nutritional programme as authoritarian and the sympathetic night nurse as a special confidante .
this is important in order to [make sure] that patients and their families do not categorise staff members as good or bad depending on their role in the ward — eg , viewing the nurse supervising the nutritional programme as authoritarian and the sympathetic night nurse as a special confidante .

Here , the failure to consult was material because if the community health council had been consulted when it should have been in May , 1992 , it might have helped to ensure that the commitment to transfer the unit to the new hospital remained until a satisfactory new home for the unit could be found .
here , the failure to consult was material because if the community health council had been consulted when it should have been in may , 1992 , it might have helped to [make sure] that the commitment to transfer the unit to the new hospital remained until a satisfactory new home for the unit could be found .

Oncologists routinely review histological sections to ensure that optimum treatment is given .
oncologists routinely review histological sections to [make sure] that optimum treatment is given .

Section 6 describes the offline system and the safety checks made to ensure that the integrity of modules is maintained when they are offlined .
section 6 describes the offline system and the safety checks made to [make sure] that the integrity of modules is maintained when they are offlined .

Also included in Module Relations is the package module itself and its corresponding file name , to ensure that package operations are consistent ; i.e .
also included in module relations is the package module itself and its corresponding file name , to [make sure] that package operations are consistent ; i.e .

However , it is much more difficult to ensure that media which are remote from a computer are still intact and safe .
however , it is much more difficult to [make sure] that media which are remote from a computer are still intact and safe .

Ensure that there is enough free space in the Process Account .
[make sure] that there is enough free space in the process account .

The management system must store software so that it is secure from illicit , inadvertent or malevolent modification , and ensure that after any movement of software its integrity is maintained intact by performing a Cyclic Redundancy Check .
the management system must store software so that it is secure from illicit , inadvertent or malevolent modification , and [make sure] that after any movement of software its integrity is maintained intact by performing a cyclic redundancy check .

Maintain specified relationships between items of software and ensure that required software is not inadvertently deleted .
maintain specified relationships between items of software and [make sure] that required software is not inadvertently deleted .

Ensure that software can not be modified without the prior knowledge of all users concerned .
[make sure] that software can not be modified without the prior knowledge of all users concerned .

Keep track of software performance and status reports ( SPRs and SSRs ) , and ensure that they are distributed to all software users who need to see them .
keep track of software performance and status reports ( sprs and ssrs ) , and [make sure] that they are distributed to all software users who need to see them .

Ensure that software is safely stored , and that all software and related administrative information is copied to a hard-copy medium ( e.g. paper or microfiche ) before it is deleted .
[make sure] that software is safely stored , and that all software and related administrative information is copied to a hard-copy medium ( e.g. paper or microfiche ) before it is deleted .

Ensure that proposed software changes are agreed by all the users concerned , before any modification takes place .
[make sure] that proposed software changes are agreed by all the users concerned , before any modification takes place .

Ensure that duly modified software has an updated issue number .
[make sure] that duly modified software has an updated issue number .

Ensure that conflicting modification operations can not take place .
[make sure] that conflicting modification operations can not take place .

Ensure that modified software is formally approved before the modification operation is recognised as complete .
[make sure] that modified software is formally approved before the modification operation is recognised as complete .

The underlying principle of configuration control states that it should be possible at any time during the lifetime of a supported product to reconstruct a particular supported version of it to ensure that if a change is agreed and installed , then that change and no other would occur . In order to do this with absolute certainty the following must be true :
the underlying principle of configuration control states that it should be possible at any time during the lifetime of a supported product to reconstruct a particular supported version of it to [make sure] that if a change is agreed and installed , then that change and no other would occur . in order to do this with absolute certainty the following must be true :

Furthermore , regular verification of offlined modules takes place to ensure continued long-term integrity .
furthermore , regular verification of offlined modules takes place to [make sure] continued long-term integrity .

The configuration manager has access privileges to ensure that a particular software configuration is ready for emission as a product , i.e .
the configuration manager has access privileges to [make sure] that a particular software configuration is ready for emission as a product , i.e .

His responsibility is to ensure that a particular package has achieved the quality standards set by the project which is using it .
his responsibility is to [make sure] that a particular package has achieved the quality standards set by the project which is using it .

viewing each media item to ensure that all of it is readable , and repeating the transcription if necessary .
viewing each media item to [make sure] that all of it is readable , and repeating the transcription if necessary .

Once the module images have been transcribed , the Hard Copy Manager must visually check the hard copy media to ensure that all of it is readable .
once the module images have been transcribed , the hard copy manager must visually check the hard copy media to [make sure] that all of it is readable .

Please ensure that you obtain the approval listings prior to trying again .
please [make sure] that you obtain the approval listings prior to trying again .

The primary item will be checked to ensure that it is syntactically correct , but no checks will be made to ensure that it is semantically correct ( ie .
the primary item will be checked to [make sure] that it is syntactically correct , but no checks will be made to [make sure] that it is semantically correct ( ie .

To ensure that a module satisfies the quality standards set for it .
to [make sure] that a module satisfies the quality standards set for it .

Inspect the mail message using index 6.0.0 — Mail System and ensure that no offline media verification is required .
inspect the mail message using index 6.0.0 — mail system and [make sure] that no offline media verification is required .

The configuration manager has access privileges to ensure that a particular software configuration is ready for emission as a product , i.e .
the configuration manager has access privileges to [make sure] that a particular software configuration is ready for emission as a product , i.e .

His responsibility is to ensure that a particular package has achieved the quality standards set by the project which is using it .
his responsibility is to [make sure] that a particular package has achieved the quality standards set by the project which is using it .

Before submitting the package for approval , the manager of the package can ensure that the package is in an ‘ approvable ’ condition , ( in a similar way to running the scanner before attempting to enter a module ) .
before submitting the package for approval , the manager of the package can [make sure] that the package is in an ‘ approvable ’ condition , ( in a similar way to running the scanner before attempting to enter a module ) .

Stage 3 : Offline Verification — During the verification stage , Offline reads modules from the offline media items and performs a Cyclic Redundancy Check to ensure that the offline copies have not suffered any loss of integrity .
stage 3 : offline verification — during the verification stage , offline reads modules from the offline media items and performs a cyclic redundancy check to [make sure] that the offline copies have not suffered any loss of integrity .

The steering file and the modules listed within it are then verified to ensure that :
the steering file and the modules listed within it are then verified to [make sure] that :

The root package specified is checked to ensure that :
the root package specified is checked to [make sure] that :

The root package specified is checked to ensure that :
the root package specified is checked to [make sure] that :

The module specified is checked to ensure that :
the module specified is checked to [make sure] that :

This prevents competition by helping to ensure the power of the incumbent and increasingly wealthy individuals are able to launch their own campaigns from personal funds .
this prevents competition by helping to [make sure] the power of the incumbent and increasingly wealthy individuals are able to launch their own campaigns from personal funds .

These were to ensure accountability , limit influence of contributors , provoke competitiveness , support the two party system , encourage a broad base of contributions , control the burdens of fund-raising , ensure campaign communication , and to protect political freedom .
these were to [make sure] accountability , limit influence of contributors , provoke competitiveness , support the two party system , encourage a broad base of contributions , control the burdens of fund-raising , [make sure] campaign communication , and to protect political freedom .

By this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .
by this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to [make sure] a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .

It seems to ensure citizens are pinned under its powerful thumb .
it seems to [make sure] citizens are pinned under its powerful thumb .

Keane believes social organisations such as self governed trade unions , enterprises , housing cooperatives , refuges for battered women , and independent communications media will ensure political representatives are kept under control .
keane believes social organisations such as self governed trade unions , enterprises , housing cooperatives , refuges for battered women , and independent communications media will [make sure] political representatives are kept under control .

Always ensure that the surface of the paving is 6in ( l5cm ) or just more than two courses of brick below the damp-proof course of the house .
always [make sure] that the surface of the paving is 6in ( l5cm ) or just more than two courses of brick below the damp-proof course of the house .

Ram this down hard to ensure that no large cavities remain .
ram this down hard to [make sure] that no large cavities remain .

Sometimes earlier in the season cutting further back onto old wood will ensure better success eg with Senecio greyi and Cineraria maritima .
sometimes earlier in the season cutting further back onto old wood will [make sure] better success eg with senecio greyi and cineraria maritima .

During the year , strong management of the balance sheet has been maintained to ensure that our financial health is such that we will quickly benefit from any sustained improvement in our markets .
during the year , strong management of the balance sheet has been maintained to [make sure] that our financial health is such that we will quickly benefit from any sustained improvement in our markets .

While clearly pointing out that these moves do not ensure women 's rights , and that the struggle for women 's liberation will carry on long after the setting up of an independent Palestinian state , Women 's Committees are encouraged by these developments and determined to learn from the mistakes made by women involved in other national liberation struggles , for example , in Algeria , where gains made were lost after the revolution .
while clearly pointing out that these moves do not [make sure] women 's rights , and that the struggle for women 's liberation will carry on long after the setting up of an independent palestinian state , women 's committees are encouraged by these developments and determined to learn from the mistakes made by women involved in other national liberation struggles , for example , in algeria , where gains made were lost after the revolution .

Katheryn Murphy ( Kelly McGillis ) , who is assigned to the case , is clearly marked out as one of the boys to begin with : her brusque manner , her determination always to win ( which leads to her plea-bargaining behind Sarah 's back to ensure a conviction of the rapists , but on a lesser charge ) and her interaction with the men from her office — discussing the case with them at the male territory of a sports match
katheryn murphy ( kelly mcgillis ) , who is assigned to the case , is clearly marked out as one of the boys to begin with : her brusque manner , her determination always to win ( which leads to her plea-bargaining behind sarah 's back to [make sure] a conviction of the rapists , but on a lesser charge ) and her interaction with the men from her office — discussing the case with them at the male territory of a sports match

In Stated Cases and Bills of Suspension /Advocation in which you act , where prints have not yet been lodged , you should ensure that either six copies of the prints are lodged with , or the reason for the failure to lodge said prints timeously , is intimated to the Justiciary Office , not later than seven days before the hearing date .
in stated cases and bills of suspension /advocation in which you act , where prints have not yet been lodged , you should [make sure] that either six copies of the prints are lodged with , or the reason for the failure to lodge said prints timeously , is intimated to the justiciary office , not later than seven days before the hearing date .

Britain 's local councils charge £6-10 a ton to put solid waste in landfills : a price , say the commercial firms , that does not reflect capital investment or the sums that must be et aside to ensure a landfill is properly maintained during its 30 years or so of life .
britain 's local councils charge £6-10 a ton to put solid waste in landfills : a price , say the commercial firms , that does not reflect capital investment or the sums that must be et aside to [make sure] a landfill is properly maintained during its 30 years or so of life .

Our product support team can also ensure that microscopes are properly installed and the user fully familiarised with its operation .
our product support team can also [make sure] that microscopes are properly installed and the user fully familiarised with its operation .

Our plans for the current year , therefore , do not assume a general market improvement , however , our increasing market share and strong balance sheet will ensure that the Company is well placed to take advantage of the upturn when it comes .
our plans for the current year , therefore , do not assume a general market improvement , however , our increasing market share and strong balance sheet will [make sure] that the company is well placed to take advantage of the upturn when it comes .

This will further strengthen the company and ensure that it is well set up to face the next decade with confidence .
this will further strengthen the company and [make sure] that it is well set up to face the next decade with confidence .

Correct fitting of your carpet will ensure that it always looks good .
correct fitting of your carpet will [make sure] that it always looks good .

In medieval times independent auditors were employed by feudal barons to ensure that returns from tenant farmers accurately reflected revenues received from estates .
in medieval times independent auditors were employed by feudal barons to [make sure] that returns from tenant farmers accurately reflected revenues received from estates .

An internal system of control of a business should be designed to ensure that the policies of the management are being followed , that financial records are accurate , that the assets of the company have been safeguarded and that the opportunities for fraud are kept to a minimum .
an internal system of control of a business should be designed to [make sure] that the policies of the management are being followed , that financial records are accurate , that the assets of the company have been safeguarded and that the opportunities for fraud are kept to a minimum .

Examination of the quality of management decisions is included to ensure that lessons are learnt for the future and to provide data needed for the revision of systems if this proves to be necessary .
examination of the quality of management decisions is included to [make sure] that lessons are learnt for the future and to provide data needed for the revision of systems if this proves to be necessary .

The method of financing should ensure the optimum solution .
the method of financing should [make sure] the optimum solution .

To ensure that the short-list produces a robust selection , it is necessary to appraise each of the options against common criteria .
to [make sure] that the short-list produces a robust selection , it is necessary to appraise each of the options against common criteria .

These notes are designed to ensure that project appraisal does not concentrate solely on costs but gives priority to the objectives of the service .
these notes are designed to [make sure] that project appraisal does not concentrate solely on costs but gives priority to the objectives of the service .

Each panel member should ensure that he or she thoroughly tests the case presented for project approval .
each panel member should [make sure] that he or she thoroughly tests the case presented for project approval .

The client or clients project manager must ensure that the design team is comprehensive and sufficient .
the client or clients project manager must [make sure] that the design team is comprehensive and sufficient .

Essentially the engineer 's role is to monitor and supervise the construction and to ensure that the works are completed to time , cost and colour .
essentially the engineer 's role is to monitor and supervise the construction and to [make sure] that the works are completed to time , cost and colour .

Even if a quantity surveyor is involved , it will be the responsibility of the engineer to ensure that the rates or prices set represent good value for money to the client .
even if a quantity surveyor is involved , it will be the responsibility of the engineer to [make sure] that the rates or prices set represent good value for money to the client .

Substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .
substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should [make sure] that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .

The main contractor will also have to make proper arrangements for control of operations on site , to monitor the quality of subcontracted work and to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements .
the main contractor will also have to make proper arrangements for control of operations on site , to monitor the quality of subcontracted work and to [make sure] compliance with regulatory requirements .

Good managers therefore take steps to ensure that their projects avoid claims which will be disputed .
good managers therefore take steps to [make sure] that their projects avoid claims which will be disputed .

To establish whether or not a claim submitted by a contractor is valid , and to dispute it successfully if it is not , the client must ensure that accurate records are kept on his of her behalf . This involves setting up a management information system to contain comprehensive records including those listed in table 7.2
to establish whether or not a claim submitted by a contractor is valid , and to dispute it successfully if it is not , the client must [make sure] that accurate records are kept on his of her behalf . this involves setting up a management information system to contain comprehensive records including those listed in table 7.2

It is essential to spend sufficient time on preparation before going out to tender and to ensure that the allocation of risks between the parties is clearly stated in the contract documents .
it is essential to spend sufficient time on preparation before going out to tender and to [make sure] that the allocation of risks between the parties is clearly stated in the contract documents .

It is prudent to confirm oral communications in writing to ensure that a record of events is available .
it is prudent to confirm oral communications in writing to [make sure] that a record of events is available .

When the engineer checks the claim , he or she needs to ensure that additional costs are not claimed twice , for example additional costs already recovered by additional measured work or dayworks or variations priced at current prices .
when the engineer checks the claim , he or she needs to [make sure] that additional costs are not claimed twice , for example additional costs already recovered by additional measured work or dayworks or variations priced at current prices .

Bomb attacks disrupted electricity supplies in several cities and the capital , Lima , but 350,000 police and military personnel had been mobilized nationally to ensure security .
bomb attacks disrupted electricity supplies in several cities and the capital , lima , but 350,000 police and military personnel had been mobilized nationally to [make sure] security .

Security was increased during the elections to ensure public order and to prevent any interference with polling stations .
security was increased during the elections to [make sure] public order and to prevent any interference with polling stations .

42 should be discarded but it was understood that some members of the Cabinet favoured new press legislation to replace the decree , while others thought that the existing criminal code was enough to ensure a responsible press .
42 should be discarded but it was understood that some members of the cabinet favoured new press legislation to replace the decree , while others thought that the existing criminal code was enough to [make sure] a responsible press .

In April Mandela had admitted that the 1984 mutineers had been tortured , but said that steps had been taken to ensure that it would not happen again .
in april mandela had admitted that the 1984 mutineers had been tortured , but said that steps had been taken to [make sure] that it would not happen again .

It was conducted mainly via television and radio to ensure the security of the leading candidates .
it was conducted mainly via television and radio to [make sure] the security of the leading candidates .

According to the Finance Minister , Arne Skauge , the fund would also draw attention to the extent to which government finances were dependent on oil revenues and would ensure that in future closer attention would be paid to long-term use of the revenues .
according to the finance minister , arne skauge , the fund would also draw attention to the extent to which government finances were dependent on oil revenues and would [make sure] that in future closer attention would be paid to long-term use of the revenues .

Our purpose built well equipped creche is full of all the toys and games that children enjoy and our fully qualified and experienced staff will ensure that your child is happy and well looked after whilst you enjoy the attractions of the Sportcentre .
our purpose built well equipped creche is full of all the toys and games that children enjoy and our fully qualified and experienced staff will [make sure] that your child is happy and well looked after whilst you enjoy the attractions of the sportcentre .

An earlier attempt to extend President 's rule , on March 30 , had resulted in an embarrassing debacle when the government failed to ensure that there were enough members present to constitute a quorum for a constitutional amendment .
an earlier attempt to extend president 's rule , on march 30 , had resulted in an embarrassing debacle when the government failed to [make sure] that there were enough members present to constitute a quorum for a constitutional amendment .

The case was reported in the Washington Post of Jan. 11 as one of the most closely watched of the judicial term because it tested the authority of federal judges , once they had found discrimination , to ensure that it was remedied .
the case was reported in the washington post of jan. 11 as one of the most closely watched of the judicial term because it tested the authority of federal judges , once they had found discrimination , to [make sure] that it was remedied .

It emphasized the need for `` an early start of the intra-Afghan dialogue for the establishment of a broad-based government to ensure the broadest support and immediate participation of all sectors of the Afghan people `` .
it emphasized the need for `` an early start of the intra-afghan dialogue for the establishment of a broad-based government to [make sure] the broadest support and immediate participation of all sectors of the afghan people `` .

The President of Fiji , Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau , formally promulgated a new Constitution on July 25 , which was designed to ensure that political power remained in the hands of the country 's ethnic Melanesian population .
the president of fiji , ratu sir penaia ganilau , formally promulgated a new constitution on july 25 , which was designed to [make sure] that political power remained in the hands of the country 's ethnic melanesian population .

Attempts by Ratu Sir Penaia when Governor General to ensure a return to civilian rule were dashed when Rabuka staged a second coup later in the year with the specific aim of revising the Constitution in order to guarantee power for the ethnic Melanesians .
attempts by ratu sir penaia when governor general to [make sure] a return to civilian rule were dashed when rabuka staged a second coup later in the year with the specific aim of revising the constitution in order to guarantee power for the ethnic melanesians .

Czechoslovakia would continue to form a single market , but in the approach to European bodies the government would try to ensure that the Czechs and Slovaks were able to act as `` independent and equal subjects `` .
czechoslovakia would continue to form a single market , but in the approach to european bodies the government would try to [make sure] that the czechs and slovaks were able to act as `` independent and equal subjects `` .

Today , with communism crumbling , our aim must be to ensure democracy 's advance , to take the lead in forging peace and freedom 's best hope — a great and growing commonwealth of free nations .
today , with communism crumbling , our aim must be to [make sure] democracy 's advance , to take the lead in forging peace and freedom 's best hope — a great and growing commonwealth of free nations .

Called with immediate effect , on member states deploying maritime forces in the area , to use `` such measures commensurate to the specific circumstances as may be necessary under the authority of the Security Council to halt all inward and outward maritime shipping in order to inspect and verify their cargoes and destinations `` and ensure the strict implementation of mandatory economic sanctions .
called with immediate effect , on member states deploying maritime forces in the area , to use `` such measures commensurate to the specific circumstances as may be necessary under the authority of the security council to halt all inward and outward maritime shipping in order to inspect and verify their cargoes and destinations `` and [make sure] the strict implementation of mandatory economic sanctions .

Invited all states to co-operate by political and diplomatic means to ensure compliance with sanctions .
invited all states to co-operate by political and diplomatic means to [make sure] compliance with sanctions .

He promised additional internal measures , including special courts , secure prisons and special protection for judges , but added that increased international co-operation was needed to spread the financial cost of drug enforcement in order to ensure stricter controls on drug distribution networks , money laundering , and the sale of arms and chemical components .
he promised additional internal measures , including special courts , secure prisons and special protection for judges , but added that increased international co-operation was needed to spread the financial cost of drug enforcement in order to [make sure] stricter controls on drug distribution networks , money laundering , and the sale of arms and chemical components .

The North Korean Premier also proposed the installation of a communications link between the two sides ' military commands , the formation of a joint military group to discuss border disputes and the provision for on-site inspections to ensure that the arms agreement was observed .
the north korean premier also proposed the installation of a communications link between the two sides ' military commands , the formation of a joint military group to discuss border disputes and the provision for on-site inspections to [make sure] that the arms agreement was observed .

Among its recommendations were ( i ) the creation of vents and energy absorption systems which would dissipate the force of an explosion ; ( ii ) the repositioning of cargo containers to ensure that any explosive energy was either directed outwards or absorbed by other baggage containers ; and ( iii ) improving flight recorders so that they continued working after a power failure .
among its recommendations were ( i ) the creation of vents and energy absorption systems which would dissipate the force of an explosion ; ( ii ) the repositioning of cargo containers to [make sure] that any explosive energy was either directed outwards or absorbed by other baggage containers ; and ( iii ) improving flight recorders so that they continued working after a power failure .

Efforts to ensure stability in run-up to free elections
efforts to [make sure] stability in run-up to free elections

In the debate Gorbachev had at times unashamedly used his position as Supreme Soviet Chairman to bully and cajole deputies into accepting his arguments about the precariousness of his reform programme and the urgent need to `` enhance the mechanism of executive authority , in order to ensure that laws work `` .
in the debate gorbachev had at times unashamedly used his position as supreme soviet chairman to bully and cajole deputies into accepting his arguments about the precariousness of his reform programme and the urgent need to `` enhance the mechanism of executive authority , in order to [make sure] that laws work `` .

In the first round of balloting , on Feb. 24 , Sajudis-affiliated candidates won enough seats ( 72 out of 90 seats decided ) to ensure an outright majority in the 141-seat Supreme Soviet .
in the first round of balloting , on feb. 24 , sajudis-affiliated candidates won enough seats ( 72 out of 90 seats decided ) to [make sure] an outright majority in the 141-seat supreme soviet .

To ensure proportionality and representation even for parties polling a small fraction of the vote across the country , a first count was made on a country-wide basis according to the so-called Hare-Niemeyer system ; afterwards a second constituency-by-constituency count was made .
to [make sure] proportionality and representation even for parties polling a small fraction of the vote across the country , a first count was made on a country-wide basis according to the so-called hare-niemeyer system ; afterwards a second constituency-by-constituency count was made .

The revisions passed on March 16 included the power to meet yearly , rather than every six years , to be able to initiate and veto legislation , and to ensure mainlander domination of the National Assembly .
the revisions passed on march 16 included the power to meet yearly , rather than every six years , to be able to initiate and veto legislation , and to [make sure] mainlander domination of the national assembly .

An increasing number of South Africans now realized , he said , that `` only a negotiated understanding between the representative leaders of the entire population can ensure lasting peace `` , the alternative to which was `` growing violence , tension and conflict `` .
an increasing number of south africans now realized , he said , that `` only a negotiated understanding between the representative leaders of the entire population can [make sure] lasting peace `` , the alternative to which was `` growing violence , tension and conflict `` .

Further bilateral and multilateral agreements were also envisaged to ensure that each country 's armed forces participated in joint anti-drug initiatives .
further bilateral and multilateral agreements were also envisaged to [make sure] that each country 's armed forces participated in joint anti-drug initiatives .

Dame Lydia Dunn , one of Hong Kong 's senior politicians , urged the community to `` work together `` to ensure successful elections in 1991 .
dame lydia dunn , one of hong kong 's senior politicians , urged the community to `` work together `` to [make sure] successful elections in 1991 .

The ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the European neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .
the ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to [make sure] equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the european neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .

Vo stated that in order to ensure the success of the Doi Moi campaign , `` the party needs to renovate the contents , as well as the methods , of its leadership `` .
vo stated that in order to [make sure] the success of the doi moi campaign , `` the party needs to renovate the contents , as well as the methods , of its leadership `` .

But we ought to make the journey as safe as possible — can we ensure that at least beneficial results are more likely to ensue than unfortunate results ?
but we ought to make the journey as safe as possible — can we [make sure] that at least beneficial results are more likely to ensue than unfortunate results ?

Trying these out helps to ensure that we actually understand what we are talking about and what the beliefs actually are .
trying these out helps to [make sure] that we actually understand what we are talking about and what the beliefs actually are .

If the Tory Anglicans were going to lose the argument about the transfer of the Crown , they were determined to ensure that the Church would be safe under a Calvinist successor .
if the tory anglicans were going to lose the argument about the transfer of the crown , they were determined to [make sure] that the church would be safe under a calvinist successor .

Both parties had their own organisations to co-ordinate the activities of their followers and ensure party unity .
both parties had their own organisations to co-ordinate the activities of their followers and [make sure] party unity .

Care was taken to ensure that party propaganda had an impact not just in the capital , but also reached the provinces .
care was taken to [make sure] that party propaganda had an impact not just in the capital , but also reached the provinces .

At Hertford in 1705 , according to Tutchin , when it became clear that the Tackers `` could not carry it there by Legal Votes `` , the town magistrates created between 100 and 150 `` Honorary Freemen , all of the Tackers side `` , and managed to ensure a Tory victory .
at hertford in 1705 , according to tutchin , when it became clear that the tackers `` could not carry it there by legal votes `` , the town magistrates created between 100 and 150 `` honorary freemen , all of the tackers side `` , and managed to [make sure] a tory victory .

These new men showed they had neither the time nor the political inclination to instigate a programme of Whig reform ; indeed , partly reacting against the Jacobite challenge of 1715 , they introduced a number of measures designed to ensure their and the new dynasty 's political security which seemed to represent an abandonment of what Whiggery had traditionally stood for .
these new men showed they had neither the time nor the political inclination to instigate a programme of whig reform ; indeed , partly reacting against the jacobite challenge of 1715 , they introduced a number of measures designed to [make sure] their and the new dynasty 's political security which seemed to represent an abandonment of what whiggery had traditionally stood for .

How do you ensure that those children who are watching are actively engaged in the `` performance `` , and not simply whispering about the scene they have prepared ?
how do you [make sure] that those children who are watching are actively engaged in the `` performance `` , and not simply whispering about the scene they have prepared ?

In creating whole group dramas we should be aware of the need to ensure that every child feels they have a stake in what is happening and that they can genuinely influence outcomes .
in creating whole group dramas we should be aware of the need to [make sure] that every child feels they have a stake in what is happening and that they can genuinely influence outcomes .

Bearing that in mind , we find ourselves setting whole group dramas on spaceships or sailing ships , in medieval castles , on expeditions ; and what all these have in common is that within the setting it is comparatively easy to ensure that each participant has an essential role ; we can easily create a chain of dependency , to ensure that each child feels they have a stake in the drama .
bearing that in mind , we find ourselves setting whole group dramas on spaceships or sailing ships , in medieval castles , on expeditions ; and what all these have in common is that within the setting it is comparatively easy to [make sure] that each participant has an essential role ; we can easily create a chain of dependency , to [make sure] that each child feels they have a stake in the drama .

How do we ensure that every child has a role ?
how do we [make sure] that every child has a role ?

The simplest way is to ensure that once the drama is under way these roles become highly significant in the drama .
the simplest way is to [make sure] that once the drama is under way these roles become highly significant in the drama .

The class can take on the role of any group of people unified by a common concern or problem , so long as we ensure that every child has an active role to play .
the class can take on the role of any group of people unified by a common concern or problem , so long as we [make sure] that every child has an active role to play .

Above all , the teacher needs to take the work seriously — which means that whenever possible we ensure that drama time is not interrupted .
above all , the teacher needs to take the work seriously — which means that whenever possible we [make sure] that drama time is not interrupted .

If the class is working in small groups as part of the whole group , try to ensure these groups are interdependent , that they can see how their work relates to that of others .
if the class is working in small groups as part of the whole group , try to [make sure] these groups are interdependent , that they can see how their work relates to that of others .

Try to ensure that every child feels they have an essential role in the drama , that they have opportunities to make decisions and influence outcomes .
try to [make sure] that every child feels they have an essential role in the drama , that they have opportunities to make decisions and influence outcomes .

In this way we ensure that the pace of the drama lesson does n't remain constant .
in this way we [make sure] that the pace of the drama lesson does n't remain constant .

He returns with the news that he has been asked to ensure that the Parish Registers are all up to date .
he returns with the news that he has been asked to [make sure] that the parish registers are all up to date .

Earlier he had envisaged a British revival on a scale which would ensure that Britain was treated as an equal by her wartime partners .
earlier he had envisaged a british revival on a scale which would [make sure] that britain was treated as an equal by her wartime partners .

During these years the British were also pushing ahead with their own nuclear programme , while trying to ensure that American nuclear policies developed in ways which were compatible with or ( better still ) worked to the advantage of their own interests .
during these years the british were also pushing ahead with their own nuclear programme , while trying to [make sure] that american nuclear policies developed in ways which were compatible with or ( better still ) worked to the advantage of their own interests .

In particular it wanted to ensure that British nuclear thinking , planning , targeting and developments as a whole evolved along lines which were compatible with and were harnessed as far as possible to fit in with its own requirements .
in particular it wanted to [make sure] that british nuclear thinking , planning , targeting and developments as a whole evolved along lines which were compatible with and were harnessed as far as possible to fit in with its own requirements .

But to achieve these advantages , derivatives exchanges have had to devise institutional arrangements to ensure the absence of default risk .
but to achieve these advantages , derivatives exchanges have had to devise institutional arrangements to [make sure] the absence of default risk .

All exchanges ensure that the integrity of their clearing house is beyond question so that people may invest in their derivative products without fear of default risk .
all exchanges [make sure] that the integrity of their clearing house is beyond question so that people may invest in their derivative products without fear of default risk .

Sidonius , like the Late Antique authors on whom he modelled himself , had written such letters to ensure the existence of a pool of friends on whom he could count in times of need .
sidonius , like the late antique authors on whom he modelled himself , had written such letters to [make sure] the existence of a pool of friends on whom he could count in times of need .

Further , his total avoidance of arianism is held to have made him more acceptable to the catholic Gallo-Romans , than were the other kings of his generation , and to have helped ensure that the Franks were more successful than either the Burgundians or the Visigoths .
further , his total avoidance of arianism is held to have made him more acceptable to the catholic gallo-romans , than were the other kings of his generation , and to have helped [make sure] that the franks were more successful than either the burgundians or the visigoths .

And although the arrangements made at Clovis 's death certainly set a precedent , it did not ensure the succession of all Merovingian males , despite Gregory of Tours 's famous dictum that `` all boys born of kings are called king 's sons `` .
and although the arrangements made at clovis 's death certainly set a precedent , it did not [make sure] the succession of all merovingian males , despite gregory of tours 's famous dictum that `` all boys born of kings are called king 's sons `` .

Further , it is only for the kingdom of the Burgundians that there is evidence for anything like an all-embracing comital structure , and while most , if not all , Merovingian civitates must have had their comites , or in the north , their graphiones , in all probability local administration could vary according to regional tradition and to the will of an individual king , whose main concern was to ensure the loyalty of and to realize the revenues from his civitates .
further , it is only for the kingdom of the burgundians that there is evidence for anything like an all-embracing comital structure , and while most , if not all , merovingian civitates must have had their comites , or in the north , their graphiones , in all probability local administration could vary according to regional tradition and to the will of an individual king , whose main concern was to [make sure] the loyalty of and to realize the revenues from his civitates .

In so doing he could still ensure loyalty to the Merovingian dynasty , even if not to the individual king .
in so doing he could still [make sure] loyalty to the merovingian dynasty , even if not to the individual king .

Einhard 's criticism that the late Merovingians travelled around in ox-carts ignored the fact that in so doing they were copying late Roman provincial governors , who used this means of transport to ensure that they were accessible to petitioners .
einhard 's criticism that the late merovingians travelled around in ox-carts ignored the fact that in so doing they were copying late roman provincial governors , who used this means of transport to [make sure] that they were accessible to petitioners .

When the inhabitants of a country were nomadic they had to be tied down in order to ensure that the land was properly exploited , but because in Russia they were predominantly sedentary state institutions could monitor their activity .
when the inhabitants of a country were nomadic they had to be tied down in order to [make sure] that the land was properly exploited , but because in russia they were predominantly sedentary state institutions could monitor their activity .

How could the centre `` maintain its administrative ties with the masses to ensure adequate national defense and tax collection ? ``
how could the centre `` maintain its administrative ties with the masses to [make sure] adequate national defense and tax collection ? ``

It was taken for granted , therefore , in the major peace conferences of the later seventeenth century that the arrangements must ensure that no important state was placed in a position of apparent inferiority to a rival .
it was taken for granted , therefore , in the major peace conferences of the later seventeenth century that the arrangements must [make sure] that no important state was placed in a position of apparent inferiority to a rival .

Palmerston tried to ensure that attachés in the missions to the German courts should at least be able to read German script ; and in the 1840s and 1850s there were efforts to send students of oriental languages from Oxford and Cambridge to Constantinople , where they were to form a new class of oriental secretaries and replace the Greek and Levantine dragomans who had for decades acted as translators and interpreters there .
palmerston tried to [make sure] that attachés in the missions to the german courts should at least be able to read german script ; and in the 1840s and 1850s there were efforts to send students of oriental languages from oxford and cambridge to constantinople , where they were to form a new class of oriental secretaries and replace the greek and levantine dragomans who had for decades acted as translators and interpreters there .

Finally , the rise of the new Labour party helped to ensure that the House of Commons from 1906 onwards had an increasing proportion of members whose interests lay primarily or exclusively in domestic issues and who knew little of those in the outside world .
finally , the rise of the new labour party helped to [make sure] that the house of commons from 1906 onwards had an increasing proportion of members whose interests lay primarily or exclusively in domestic issues and who knew little of those in the outside world .

Both series share a common conclusion in the belief in the inevitability of the Last Judgement for which the creativity of the Trinity works through the sacraments of the Church to ensure that man can rise with Christ to `` that blis that euermore lastes `` .
both series share a common conclusion in the belief in the inevitability of the last judgement for which the creativity of the trinity works through the sacraments of the church to [make sure] that man can rise with christ to `` that blis that euermore lastes `` .

They also produced all-embracing `` definitions of marriage `` of enormous complexity , the sole purpose of which was to ensure that , no matter what the ethnographic facts might be , there must always be some institution which an anthropologist could feel justified in labelling `` marriage `` .
they also produced all-embracing `` definitions of marriage `` of enormous complexity , the sole purpose of which was to [make sure] that , no matter what the ethnographic facts might be , there must always be some institution which an anthropologist could feel justified in labelling `` marriage `` .

We must ensure that each deal is completed to our client 's maximum advantage .
we must [make sure] that each deal is completed to our client 's maximum advantage .

On engagements associated with financings in foreign jurisdictions it will be necessary to take advice from a partner in the country where the finance is being raised to ensure that the documents are in order and that the local regulatory and filing requirements are being met .
on engagements associated with financings in foreign jurisdictions it will be necessary to take advice from a partner in the country where the finance is being raised to [make sure] that the documents are in order and that the local regulatory and filing requirements are being met .

Negotiations should always be conducted as a two men team , to ensure points of detail are not missed .
negotiations should always be conducted as a two men team , to [make sure] points of detail are not missed .

Particular care is required to ensure the letter is requested from and signed by the correct parties .
particular care is required to [make sure] the letter is requested from and signed by the correct parties .

client acknowledgement : normally , the client should be requested to confirm the terms of engagement by signing and returning a copy of the engagement letter ; if this is the case , we must ensure that we do not commence work until the signed copy is on file .
client acknowledgement : normally , the client should be requested to confirm the terms of engagement by signing and returning a copy of the engagement letter ; if this is the case , we must [make sure] that we do not commence work until the signed copy is on file .

best advice and best execution take reasonable steps to ensure that a transaction is effected on the best terms available at the time
best advice and best execution take reasonable steps to [make sure] that a transaction is effected on the best terms available at the time

We would thus have primary responsibility to ensure that the advertisement is factually accurate .
we would thus have primary responsibility to [make sure] that the advertisement is factually accurate .

In practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .
in practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to [make sure] that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .

review the draft investment advertisement to ensure that , as a whole , it is not misleading ( as defined above )
review the draft investment advertisement to [make sure] that , as a whole , it is not misleading ( as defined above )

Appropriate measures should be taken to ensure that staff working for the vendors are not involved in work performed for the purchaser or vice versa .
appropriate measures should be taken to [make sure] that staff working for the vendors are not involved in work performed for the purchaser or vice versa .

The client for whom the firm is acting should be clearly identified and care should be taken to ensure that third parties do not form the impression that the firm is advising them or acting for them when this is not the case .
the client for whom the firm is acting should be clearly identified and care should be taken to [make sure] that third parties do not form the impression that the firm is advising them or acting for them when this is not the case .

Where the engagement includes advice or assistance in the preparation of an information memorandum , particular care may be needed to ensure that the client understands the purpose and nature of the document and the extent of his own responsibility .
where the engagement includes advice or assistance in the preparation of an information memorandum , particular care may be needed to [make sure] that the client understands the purpose and nature of the document and the extent of his own responsibility .

Where such a ‘ Healthcheck ’ is carried out , care should be taken to ensure that the report addressed to the client only that the client is made aware that it is not a comprehensive list of all matters to be addressed prior to sale and that implementation of recommendations does not necessarily mean that management should provide any warranties on the matter .
where such a ‘ healthcheck ’ is carried out , care should be taken to [make sure] that the report addressed to the client only that the client is made aware that it is not a comprehensive list of all matters to be addressed prior to sale and that implementation of recommendations does not necessarily mean that management should provide any warranties on the matter .

Care must be taken to ensure that any specific confidentiality concerns of the client are addressed .
care must be taken to [make sure] that any specific confidentiality concerns of the client are addressed .

The use of an executive summary is recommended to ensure that the key decision maker is at least appraised of key facts .
the use of an executive summary is recommended to [make sure] that the key decision maker is at least appraised of key facts .

Care must be taken to ensure that the possibility of a sale is not disclosed to the client 's staff .
care must be taken to [make sure] that the possibility of a sale is not disclosed to the client 's staff .

Likewise arrangements should be made to ensure that supplementary information will be available where required .
likewise arrangements should be made to [make sure] that supplementary information will be available where required .

It is important that the transmittal letter is correctly addressed to the appropriate executive . To ensure that the information we use is correct each potential purchaser must be telephoned and the following determined :
it is important that the transmittal letter is correctly addressed to the appropriate executive . to [make sure] that the information we use is correct each potential purchaser must be telephoned and the following determined :

The flow of information , visits to the company and discussions with management are strictly controlled to ensure equal dissemination of information .
the flow of information , visits to the company and discussions with management are strictly controlled to [make sure] equal dissemination of information .

They are intended to ensure that increased levels of interaction amongst Network members do not result in friction or embarrassment amongst Network members or the extensive use of other Network members ' resources on an unprofitable basis .
they are intended to [make sure] that increased levels of interaction amongst network members do not result in friction or embarrassment amongst network members or the extensive use of other network members ' resources on an unprofitable basis .

the Network member submitting the suggestion has , following approval of the suggestion by the initiating member , contacted the prospective purchaser on behalf of the initiating member in order to ensure that the exclusive sell situation is brought to the attention of the prospective purchaser in an effective and professionally-handled manner .
the network member submitting the suggestion has , following approval of the suggestion by the initiating member , contacted the prospective purchaser on behalf of the initiating member in order to [make sure] that the exclusive sell situation is brought to the attention of the prospective purchaser in an effective and professionally-handled manner .

If you are retained to conduct purchaser research for your country , ensure that accurate and up-to-date details of prospective purchaser descriptions are provided .
if you are retained to conduct purchaser research for your country , [make sure] that accurate and up-to-date details of prospective purchaser descriptions are provided .

Ensure that , if you are retained to conduct contact with prospective purchasers in your country , the contact process is handled expeditiously and by a partner or senior professional .
[make sure] that , if you are retained to conduct contact with prospective purchasers in your country , the contact process is handled expeditiously and by a partner or senior professional .

Ensure that engagement staff respond expeditiously to purchaser suggestions submitted by Network members , and that a record of all purchaser suggestions is maintained .
[make sure] that engagement staff respond expeditiously to purchaser suggestions submitted by network members , and that a record of all purchaser suggestions is maintained .

Advise those Network members who are participating in the distribution of the Investment Overview of the progress of the engagement , at significant milestones , and also ensure that they receive copies of all subsequent material being transmitted .
advise those network members who are participating in the distribution of the investment overview of the progress of the engagement , at significant milestones , and also [make sure] that they receive copies of all subsequent material being transmitted .

Ensure that your memo to the Network identifies the opportunity as a Third Party Sell Situation and explains why the opportunity is being circulated to the Network .
[make sure] that your memo to the network identifies the opportunity as a third party sell situation and explains why the opportunity is being circulated to the network .

In assisting a client in defining or refining its acquisition criteria , we should ensure that consideration is given to the following parameters : —
in assisting a client in defining or refining its acquisition criteria , we should [make sure] that consideration is given to the following parameters : —

ensure that each identified candidate is approved by the client
[make sure] that each identified candidate is approved by the client

It will be important to ensure that the relevant double tax treaties cover the treatment of dividends and interest .
it will be important to [make sure] that the relevant double tax treaties cover the treatment of dividends and interest .

The purchaser may want the earnout to run for at least two years to ensure that the earnout payment is not based on a one-off peak in earnings .
the purchaser may want the earnout to run for at least two years to [make sure] that the earnout payment is not based on a one-off peak in earnings .

Ensure that the initiating member is kept informed of the progress of the engagement and copy him on all relevant correspondence .
[make sure] that the initiating member is kept informed of the progress of the engagement and copy him on all relevant correspondence .

Ensure that the initiating member is advised of the outcome of the engagement .
[make sure] that the initiating member is advised of the outcome of the engagement .

Ensure your client has properly and adequately identified the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )
[make sure] your client has properly and adequately identified the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )

Consider providing the participating member with the opportunity to report on results of contact directly to the client , in order to ensure effective communication .
consider providing the participating member with the opportunity to report on results of contact directly to the client , in order to [make sure] effective communication .

At the least , the seller should agree to ensure that the business of the offeree group is carried on in the ordinary and usual course so as to maintain the same as a going concern ; and that nothing is voluntarily done or omitted which would result in a material inaccuracy in the warranties if they were repeated on , and as at , completion .
at the least , the seller should agree to [make sure] that the business of the offeree group is carried on in the ordinary and usual course so as to maintain the same as a going concern ; and that nothing is voluntarily done or omitted which would result in a material inaccuracy in the warranties if they were repeated on , and as at , completion .

The acquirer must , therefore , ensure that any important representations which induced it to wish to buy the target or the business are covered by a warranty contained in the agreement .
the acquirer must , therefore , [make sure] that any important representations which induced it to wish to buy the target or the business are covered by a warranty contained in the agreement .

The acquirer needs to ensure it is adequately protected .
the acquirer needs to [make sure] it is adequately protected .

The acquirer will want to ensure that it is only obliged to take reasonable acts to mitigate and not ones which would harm the target or the business .
the acquirer will want to [make sure] that it is only obliged to take reasonable acts to mitigate and not ones which would harm the target or the business .

The approach to independent valuations seeks to ensure that the valuer retains an impartial stance , since , in these circumstances , he will usually be acting as an expert resolving the position between two or more parties .
the approach to independent valuations seeks to [make sure] that the valuer retains an impartial stance , since , in these circumstances , he will usually be acting as an expert resolving the position between two or more parties .

The extent of evidence gathering will need to be sufficient to ensure that each statement made is factually correct and that the valuation opinion is properly supported .
the extent of evidence gathering will need to be sufficient to [make sure] that each statement made is factually correct and that the valuation opinion is properly supported .

Suitable warranties should , therefore , be given by the client to ensure this is the position ;
suitable warranties should , therefore , be given by the client to [make sure] this is the position ;

Care must be taken to ensure the Firm does not take a more onerous duties than are required of it .
care must be taken to [make sure] the firm does not take a more onerous duties than are required of it .

Throughout the transaction process it is necessary to ensure that all of the parties are achieving their set responsibilities in accordance with the timetable and that , if not , the timetable is revised as necessary .
throughout the transaction process it is necessary to [make sure] that all of the parties are achieving their set responsibilities in accordance with the timetable and that , if not , the timetable is revised as necessary .

Prior to submission and at an early stage in drafting , a coding system should be developed to ensure , as far as possible , that price sensitive information does not become generally available .
prior to submission and at an early stage in drafting , a coding system should be developed to [make sure] , as far as possible , that price sensitive information does not become generally available .

obtain at least two quotes to ensure the best price is obtained for the client ;
obtain at least two quotes to [make sure] the best price is obtained for the client ;

where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and
where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , [make sure] that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and

ensure that the printers ' own security procedures are sufficient .
[make sure] that the printers ' own security procedures are sufficient .

Ensure that responsibilities are stated and consents obtained from all other parties to include , inter alia , the directors of each company , the brokers and reporting accountants or other parties taking responsibility for any financial extracts ;
[make sure] that responsibilities are stated and consents obtained from all other parties to include , inter alia , the directors of each company , the brokers and reporting accountants or other parties taking responsibility for any financial extracts ;

Ensure that a full verification exercise is undertaken by the lawyers which also evidences the responsibilities above ; and
[make sure] that a full verification exercise is undertaken by the lawyers which also evidences the responsibilities above ; and

We will usually aim to ensure that any document containing financial and other information issued by the firm as agent to a small group of potential investors , which the firm will generally need to approve as an authorised person under the Financial Services Act , does not fall foul of the prospectus provisions of the companies Act 1985 .
we will usually aim to [make sure] that any document containing financial and other information issued by the firm as agent to a small group of potential investors , which the firm will generally need to approve as an authorised person under the financial services act , does not fall foul of the prospectus provisions of the companies act 1985 .

The Panel regards each director of the offeror and the offeree company as having responsibility under the City Code to ensure , so far as he is reasonably able , that the City Code is complied with in the conduct of an offer .
the panel regards each director of the offeror and the offeree company as having responsibility under the city code to [make sure] , so far as he is reasonably able , that the city code is complied with in the conduct of an offer .

Whilst boards of directors may delegate the day to day conduct of an offer to individual directors or committees of directors , the board as a whole must ensure that proper arrangements are in place to enable it to monitor that conduct in order that each director may fulfil that responsibility .
whilst boards of directors may delegate the day to day conduct of an offer to individual directors or committees of directors , the board as a whole must [make sure] that proper arrangements are in place to enable it to monitor that conduct in order that each director may fulfil that responsibility .

Financial advisors are regarded as having a special responsibility to ensure that all directors are aware of their responsibilities under the City Code .
financial advisors are regarded as having a special responsibility to [make sure] that all directors are aware of their responsibilities under the city code .

In many cases this is unlikely to be successful but for both professional and business reasons we should endeavour to ensure that acquisition is the appropriate route for the company to follow .
in many cases this is unlikely to be successful but for both professional and business reasons we should endeavour to [make sure] that acquisition is the appropriate route for the company to follow .

at the outset of the search meet with the local firm to ensure full understanding of requirements .
at the outset of the search meet with the local firm to [make sure] full understanding of requirements .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take appropriate measures to [make sure] that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonable require .
you have agreed to [make sure] that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonable require .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take appropriate measures to [make sure] that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .
you have agreed to [make sure] that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .

to ensure that any matters which might be raised by the acquiror company 's ‘ due diligence ’ exercise are identified in advance , and considered in the light of the effect on the proposed deal .
to [make sure] that any matters which might be raised by the acquiror company 's ‘ due diligence ’ exercise are identified in advance , and considered in the light of the effect on the proposed deal .

This is a confidential document and considerable care is taken to ensure that it can not be related back to the company in question , although there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the desired results .
this is a confidential document and considerable care is taken to [make sure] that it can not be related back to the company in question , although there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the desired results .

From the vendors ' viewpoint , it will be important tactically to ensure that the preferred party is selected once all potential deal breaking points have been cleared with that party .
from the vendors ' viewpoint , it will be important tactically to [make sure] that the preferred party is selected once all potential deal breaking points have been cleared with that party .

As discussed at our meeting it will be our job during this period to ensure that the momentum of the transaction is maintained .
as discussed at our meeting it will be our job during this period to [make sure] that the momentum of the transaction is maintained .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take appropriate measures to [make sure] that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .
you have agreed to [make sure] that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , as and when we may reasonably require .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take appropriate measures to [make sure] that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take appropriate measures to [make sure] that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

Where this form of wording is used , we must ensure that acknowledgement is received from the client in writing prior to commencing work on the engagement .
where this form of wording is used , we must [make sure] that acknowledgement is received from the client in writing prior to commencing work on the engagement .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take appropriate measures to [make sure] that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

You have agreed to ensure that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , and when we may reasonably require .
you have agreed to [make sure] that any information which we may require for the purpose of providing the services set out in this letter is made available to us , and when we may reasonably require .

we have checked to ensure no conflicts of interest .
we have checked to [make sure] no conflicts of interest .

In order to ensure prompt despatch of the Information memorandum to you please fax the signed confidentiality agreement to me on .
in order to [make sure] prompt despatch of the information memorandum to you please fax the signed confidentiality agreement to me on .

Having selected a preferred party it will then be important to finalise heads of agreement quickly , and ensure due diligence and disclosure procedures are completed promptly .
having selected a preferred party it will then be important to finalise heads of agreement quickly , and [make sure] due diligence and disclosure procedures are completed promptly .

The purchaser will seek to allow the management of the vendor company as little latitude as possible in the preparation of the completion accounts and will be seeking to ensure that past practices which have no doubt been adventageous for the vendor can not be used .
the purchaser will seek to allow the management of the vendor company as little latitude as possible in the preparation of the completion accounts and will be seeking to [make sure] that past practices which have no doubt been adventageous for the vendor can not be used .

The purchaser may be seeking to ensure that invoices are not raised pre-acquisition for deliveries to be made post-acquisition and also to ensure that full account is taken of any potential refunds etc which may be due to customers as a result of estimated prices being used .
the purchaser may be seeking to [make sure] that invoices are not raised pre-acquisition for deliveries to be made post-acquisition and also to [make sure] that full account is taken of any potential refunds etc which may be due to customers as a result of estimated prices being used .

clarification of policy , possibly to bring it into line with the purchaser 's group policy but may also be seeking to ensure that the vendors collect as many overdue debtors as possible prior to sale .
clarification of policy , possibly to bring it into line with the purchaser 's group policy but may also be seeking to [make sure] that the vendors collect as many overdue debtors as possible prior to sale .

The broad concept of confidentiality agreements is unobjectionable but care is needed to ensure that such agreements do not impose limitations in the scope of our work such that it would be impossible to report in accordance with the terms of engagement .
the broad concept of confidentiality agreements is unobjectionable but care is needed to [make sure] that such agreements do not impose limitations in the scope of our work such that it would be impossible to report in accordance with the terms of engagement .

The broad concept of confidentiality agreements is unobjectionable but care is needed to ensure that such agreements do not impose limitations in the scope of our work such that it would be impossible to report in accordance with the terms of engagement .
the broad concept of confidentiality agreements is unobjectionable but care is needed to [make sure] that such agreements do not impose limitations in the scope of our work such that it would be impossible to report in accordance with the terms of engagement .

This document is intended to be an aide-memoire to ensure that certain key details about the client are established at an initial meeting .
this document is intended to be an aide-memoire to [make sure] that certain key details about the client are established at an initial meeting .

The hysteria in their colleague 's voice would have been enough by itself to ensure their prompt response , but the unmistakable background of gunfire added urgency to the situation .
the hysteria in their colleague 's voice would have been enough by itself to [make sure] their prompt response , but the unmistakable background of gunfire added urgency to the situation .

He had to reach the basement and take out the Control in order to ensure the success of the entire operation .
he had to reach the basement and take out the control in order to [make sure] the success of the entire operation .

As he ran , his senses remained alert to the night around him , to ensure he did not run slap into any other hunting parties like the one that had intervened when he was dealing with Grant .
as he ran , his senses remained alert to the night around him , to [make sure] he did not run slap into any other hunting parties like the one that had intervened when he was dealing with grant .

Pausing again to ensure he was still alone and unobserved in the night , Angel One quickly peeled off his tracksuit top and T-shirt .
pausing again to [make sure] he was still alone and unobserved in the night , angel one quickly peeled off his tracksuit top and t-shirt .

If nothing else , the relative lack of action over the last couple of nights would ensure a good sleep before setting off home .
if nothing else , the relative lack of action over the last couple of nights would [make sure] a good sleep before setting off home .

The dome also incorporates a built-in groundsheet with a 6″ lip around the door , this will ensure no unwelcome creatures can come wandering into your bivvy during the night .
the dome also incorporates a built-in groundsheet with a 6″ lip around the door , this will [make sure] no unwelcome creatures can come wandering into your bivvy during the night .

You must also take your hat off to Curtis Strange who had not played well during the week but who birdied the final four holes — no mean feat — to ensure that his country was n't beaten .
you must also take your hat off to curtis strange who had not played well during the week but who birdied the final four holes — no mean feat — to [make sure] that his country was n't beaten .

You should ensure that your arm remains straight throughout the movement and that you retain the wrist angle shown .
you should [make sure] that your arm remains straight throughout the movement and that you retain the wrist angle shown .

The object of the project is to ensure that this plan is founded on a thorough knowledge and understanding of local business development , and of the specific opportunities and constraints operating in Stirling .
the object of the project is to [make sure] that this plan is founded on a thorough knowledge and understanding of local business development , and of the specific opportunities and constraints operating in stirling .

However , it is not clear that existing mechanisms ensure that the right quantity of floorspace is available in the right place at the right time .
however , it is not clear that existing mechanisms [make sure] that the right quantity of floorspace is available in the right place at the right time .

The studies adopt a multi-disciplinary approach and the choice of subjects , contributors and participants is guided by a standing advisory panel whose aim is to ensure that all important views receive expression .
the studies adopt a multi-disciplinary approach and the choice of subjects , contributors and participants is guided by a standing advisory panel whose aim is to [make sure] that all important views receive expression .

This means that farmers in these dales may opt to be paid a certain amount per hectare by the Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and Food to manage their lands so as to ensure the traditional landscape features of stone buildings , field walls and flower-rich meadows for the enjoyment of the public .
this means that farmers in these dales may opt to be paid a certain amount per hectare by the ministry of agriculture fisheries and food to manage their lands so as to [make sure] the traditional landscape features of stone buildings , field walls and flower-rich meadows for the enjoyment of the public .

These will ensure that our graduates emerge with the versatility and professionalism to back up their academic knowledge and give them the edge in the market place .
these will [make sure] that our graduates emerge with the versatility and professionalism to back up their academic knowledge and give them the edge in the market place .

Mortgage Protection — Whilst it is not compulsory , it may be advisable to ensure that in the event of death before the loan is repaid , funds will be available to pay off the loan .
mortgage protection — whilst it is not compulsory , it may be advisable to [make sure] that in the event of death before the loan is repaid , funds will be available to pay off the loan .

One of the aims of the newly introduced Crown Prosecution Service is to increase consistency in prosecutors ' policy across the country and thereby ensure a more consistent standard of justice .
one of the aims of the newly introduced crown prosecution service is to increase consistency in prosecutors ' policy across the country and thereby [make sure] a more consistent standard of justice .

As coordinator , the above researcher will provide advice to other teams and will ensure that the national corpora are parallel in their compilation and analysis .
as coordinator , the above researcher will provide advice to other teams and will [make sure] that the national corpora are parallel in their compilation and analysis .

The scientific system in Britain under pressure to ensure that a greater proportion of research is relevant to economic development and the long-term needs of industry .
the scientific system in britain under pressure to [make sure] that a greater proportion of research is relevant to economic development and the long-term needs of industry .

The English landscape is of a richly diverse nature and an understanding of the complex early factors which influenced the creation of its individual regions can only be of value in helping to ensure the preservation of its essential character .
the english landscape is of a richly diverse nature and an understanding of the complex early factors which influenced the creation of its individual regions can only be of value in helping to [make sure] the preservation of its essential character .

Manufacturers of equipment for telecommunications , defence electronics and household appliances have merged or entered joint ventures to ensure their continued competitiveness .
manufacturers of equipment for telecommunications , defence electronics and household appliances have merged or entered joint ventures to [make sure] their continued competitiveness .

International efforts to isolate the Bosnian Serbs suffered a setback when Yugoslavia said it could not accept the deployment of United Nations monitors along its border with Bosnia to ensure Belgrade had cut supplies to the Serbs .
international efforts to isolate the bosnian serbs suffered a setback when yugoslavia said it could not accept the deployment of united nations monitors along its border with bosnia to [make sure] belgrade had cut supplies to the serbs .

No doubt , having aired these feelings well in public he will be exerting pressure behind the scenes to ensure there is no further need to repeat them in open audience .
no doubt , having aired these feelings well in public he will be exerting pressure behind the scenes to [make sure] there is no further need to repeat them in open audience .

It wants to raise funds to set up a special service for Northern Ireland , and ensure that every child 's call is answered first time .
it wants to raise funds to set up a special service for northern ireland , and [make sure] that every child 's call is answered first time .

But Mr Dorrell said : ‘ There is no secret about the fact that the Treasury announced last summer it was engaged in a fundamental review of not just health expenditure but four other areas of Government spending to ensure that the way the money is spend reflects today 's priorities . ’
but mr dorrell said : ‘ there is no secret about the fact that the treasury announced last summer it was engaged in a fundamental review of not just health expenditure but four other areas of government spending to [make sure] that the way the money is spend reflects today 's priorities . ’

‘ The Government has an obligation to ensure that the expenditure of taxpayer 's money reflects today 's priorities and delivers the best value we can today for the money spent today .
‘ the government has an obligation to [make sure] that the expenditure of taxpayer 's money reflects today 's priorities and delivers the best value we can today for the money spent today .

‘ Obviously we have to ensure that our internal security within the defence forces is as tight as possible , ’ he said .
‘ obviously we have to [make sure] that our internal security within the defence forces is as tight as possible , ’ he said .

Mr Trimble says the Heritage Secretary should ensure the true facts behind the making of the programme should receive adequate publicity .
mr trimble says the heritage secretary should [make sure] the true facts behind the making of the programme should receive adequate publicity .

And he had observed , too , from close-up as Neil Smyth drove his penalty against McAdam 's legs and Houlahan rifle a shot ball past an upright when he would normally ensure a vigorous shaking of the rigging .
and he had observed , too , from close-up as neil smyth drove his penalty against mcadam 's legs and houlahan rifle a shot ball past an upright when he would normally [make sure] a vigorous shaking of the rigging .

The privately-owned Belfast City Airport — Ulster 's second major air-base — will also be affected by changes including the introduction of new regulations on charges to ensure fair competition .
the privately-owned belfast city airport — ulster 's second major air-base — will also be affected by changes including the introduction of new regulations on charges to [make sure] fair competition .

The agreement will ensure that the Adelaide will fully retain its Protestant ethos when it is merged with two other Dublin hospitals , the Meath and the National Children 's Hospital , in a new hospital in the rapidly-expanding suburb of Tallaght .
the agreement will [make sure] that the adelaide will fully retain its protestant ethos when it is merged with two other dublin hospitals , the meath and the national children 's hospital , in a new hospital in the rapidly-expanding suburb of tallaght .

One solicitor , who did not want to be named , said the new rules were introduced to ensure public accountability for legal aid fees , to which they did not object .
one solicitor , who did not want to be named , said the new rules were introduced to [make sure] public accountability for legal aid fees , to which they did not object .

The purpose of these notes is to assist all bodies to improve their applications , to ensure that they present the kind of information to justify grant aid previously offered and to strengthen the case for continued and/or increased grant aid .
the purpose of these notes is to assist all bodies to improve their applications , to [make sure] that they present the kind of information to justify grant aid previously offered and to strengthen the case for continued and/or increased grant aid .

If you have not yet returned the pro forma sent to you on 16 March and do intend that your Association will be represented at the meeting would you please return the pro forma to ensure that seating arrangements are adequate .
if you have not yet returned the pro forma sent to you on 16 march and do intend that your association will be represented at the meeting would you please return the pro forma to [make sure] that seating arrangements are adequate .

The objective of the national facilities programme is to ensure that each sport — if appropriate — has access to at least one venue suitable for the staging of international events and for national squad training .
the objective of the national facilities programme is to [make sure] that each sport — if appropriate — has access to at least one venue suitable for the staging of international events and for national squad training .

The Council is of course very keen to ensure that all coaches are well informed of what is available .
the council is of course very keen to [make sure] that all coaches are well informed of what is available .

The case of Scottish badminton player , Anthony Gallagher , was well publicised just before the Commonwealth Games and the Home Office is clearly concerned to ensure that this situation does not arise again .
the case of scottish badminton player , anthony gallagher , was well publicised just before the commonwealth games and the home office is clearly concerned to [make sure] that this situation does not arise again .

Governing bodies are recommended to give careful consideration to this area and to ensure that , when appropriate and with parental approval , testing of youngsters can take place .
governing bodies are recommended to give careful consideration to this area and to [make sure] that , when appropriate and with parental approval , testing of youngsters can take place .

Finally , please ensure , at all times , that you have supplied a contact telephone number — this saves on numerous calls to directory enquiries .
finally , please [make sure] , at all times , that you have supplied a contact telephone number — this saves on numerous calls to directory enquiries .

If you are sending information to us on a monthly basis , please ensure completed forms are returned by the first day of the month preceding the event ( eg for events taking place in November , information should reach the editor by 1 October ) .
if you are sending information to us on a monthly basis , please [make sure] completed forms are returned by the first day of the month preceding the event ( eg for events taking place in november , information should reach the editor by 1 october ) .

If your event information is already printed in a calendar form , please ensure that all the required information is included .
if your event information is already printed in a calendar form , please [make sure] that all the required information is included .

The information from the first Panel Survey supplied in the form of grids as well as reports is being analysed to ensure that necessary modifications to the approach or to the methodology will be identified and approved before the second Panel Survey , which is due to start in the autumn .
the information from the first panel survey supplied in the form of grids as well as reports is being analysed to [make sure] that necessary modifications to the approach or to the methodology will be identified and approved before the second panel survey , which is due to start in the autumn .

Nature reserves are widely appreciated and much admired , but do we ever stop to think of the behind-the-scenes management ? At the heart of these natural jewels should be a management plan which indicates who should do what , where , when , why and how to ensure that the reserves maintain their conservation interest .
nature reserves are widely appreciated and much admired , but do we ever stop to think of the behind-the-scenes management ? at the heart of these natural jewels should be a management plan which indicates who should do what , where , when , why and how to [make sure] that the reserves maintain their conservation interest .

What the Act will do is to ensure that the child offender who is dealt with by a children 's hearing may not be asked , and if asked need not answer , questions about ‘ spent ’ offences in , for example , applications for employment .
what the act will do is to [make sure] that the child offender who is dealt with by a children 's hearing may not be asked , and if asked need not answer , questions about ‘ spent ’ offences in , for example , applications for employment .

The purpose of this paper is to indicate — by reference to cases coming before the industrial tribunals — that dismissal of a convicted and imprisoned employee is far from always fair and that some industrial tribunals ensure that employers are discouraged from adding a further punishment to the one already imposed by the proper authorities .
the purpose of this paper is to indicate — by reference to cases coming before the industrial tribunals — that dismissal of a convicted and imprisoned employee is far from always fair and that some industrial tribunals [make sure] that employers are discouraged from adding a further punishment to the one already imposed by the proper authorities .

Blanket speed limits applied to all vehicles must be set at such a low figure as to ensure reasonable safety with the most badly designed vehicle when it is in the worst acceptable state of maintenance .
blanket speed limits applied to all vehicles must be set at such a low figure as to [make sure] reasonable safety with the most badly designed vehicle when it is in the worst acceptable state of maintenance .

The position will be otherwise when the Department of the Registers of Scotland moves to Meadowbank House later in the year and solicitors are advised to ensure that requests for extracts and other information are correctly addressed in order that we can provide the most efficient service .
the position will be otherwise when the department of the registers of scotland moves to meadowbank house later in the year and solicitors are advised to [make sure] that requests for extracts and other information are correctly addressed in order that we can provide the most efficient service .

The Reporter is given a crucial role in directing and controlling proceedings to ensure that all questions are fully discussed , but repetition discouraged .
the reporter is given a crucial role in directing and controlling proceedings to [make sure] that all questions are fully discussed , but repetition discouraged .

The objective of the Government , as we have said before , is not to penalise property held on discretionary trust — or other settled property — but simply to ensure that property held in this form does not continue to have the capital tax advantages it has in practice enjoyed with estate duty by comparison with property beneficially owned by individuals .
the objective of the government , as we have said before , is not to penalise property held on discretionary trust — or other settled property — but simply to [make sure] that property held in this form does not continue to have the capital tax advantages it has in practice enjoyed with estate duty by comparison with property beneficially owned by individuals .

While the Scrabo stone facing and new stained glass windows will ensure the new church blends in to its surroundings , the interior design will be ultra modern .
while the scrabo stone facing and new stained glass windows will [make sure] the new church blends in to its surroundings , the interior design will be ultra modern .

The prize list promises awards in excess of £1,000 , while for the locals an extensive sponsorship deal will ensure there are prizes all through the field .
the prize list promises awards in excess of £1,000 , while for the locals an extensive sponsorship deal will [make sure] there are prizes all through the field .

Coach Sinnamon must now ensure his team come out on Saturday equally motivated , for Holywood represent a big hurdle as they close in on a treble .
coach sinnamon must now [make sure] his team come out on saturday equally motivated , for holywood represent a big hurdle as they close in on a treble .

The auditing systems ensure control over priority and authorship .
the auditing systems [make sure] control over priority and authorship .

We must ensure that we are operating in full compliance with the legal requirements of our software licenses .
we must [make sure] that we are operating in full compliance with the legal requirements of our software licenses .

In the longer term , strategic planning reviews will ensure that the Library can modify its services in support of whatever strategic objectives the Garden wishes to implement .
in the longer term , strategic planning reviews will [make sure] that the library can modify its services in support of whatever strategic objectives the garden wishes to implement .

The new management structure , under which the Garden Secretary , Librarian , and Taxonomic Computing specialist work as a management panel , will ensure that executive decisions can be discussed and implemented quickly and efficiently .
the new management structure , under which the garden secretary , librarian , and taxonomic computing specialist work as a management panel , will [make sure] that executive decisions can be discussed and implemented quickly and efficiently .

Our commitment to quality and to professionalism will ensure that this prototype database will stand comparison by international standards .
our commitment to quality and to professionalism will [make sure] that this prototype database will stand comparison by international standards .

The entrance charges also ensure that we know exactly how many people visit these Gardens .
the entrance charges also [make sure] that we know exactly how many people visit these gardens .

We need to ensure that such increases can be accommodated without conflicting with the core work carried out in support of our primary objectives .
we need to [make sure] that such increases can be accommodated without conflicting with the core work carried out in support of our primary objectives .

The current budget for these activities is very low , and we therefore need to ensure that it is spent in the most cost-effective way possible .
the current budget for these activities is very low , and we therefore need to [make sure] that it is spent in the most cost-effective way possible .

Project management , incorporating information management , within these programmes will ensure that they are carried out to the same high standard as our taxonomic and floristic research .
project management , incorporating information management , within these programmes will [make sure] that they are carried out to the same high standard as our taxonomic and floristic research .

We also need to ensure that the Archival Collection is housed in a secure , controlled environment , with indexing links to the document archive .
we also need to [make sure] that the archival collection is housed in a secure , controlled environment , with indexing links to the document archive .

First To ensure the law protecting badgers is enforced .
first to [make sure] the law protecting badgers is enforced .

The research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to ensure adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .
the research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to [make sure] adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .

Each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities — workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services — are provided when required .
each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will [make sure] that the requisite facilities — workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services — are provided when required .

Where we are commissioned by outside bodies to produce reports on the environment , we should seek to ensure that the copyright rests with us ( Para 25 ) .
where we are commissioned by outside bodies to produce reports on the environment , we should seek to [make sure] that the copyright rests with us ( para 25 ) .

He must ensure that the motor can produce sufficient torque to overcome the load torque and accelerate the load inertia and he will also wish to know the maximum speed at which the motor can drive the load .
he must [make sure] that the motor can produce sufficient torque to overcome the load torque and accelerate the load inertia and he will also wish to know the maximum speed at which the motor can drive the load .

In a simple constant frequency system , however , the clock must be set at the lower of the two rates to ensure reliable starting and stopping .
in a simple constant frequency system , however , the clock must be set at the lower of the two rates to [make sure] reliable starting and stopping .

If there is any doubt about the chosen criterion for distance moved during the first step then the second step can also be analysed to ensure that the motor maintains synchronism during that excitation interval .
if there is any doubt about the chosen criterion for distance moved during the first step then the second step can also be analysed to [make sure] that the motor maintains synchronism during that excitation interval .

The pull-out torque/speed characteristic would also be consulted to ensure that the system is not susceptible to mechanical resonances at the working speed .
the pull-out torque/speed characteristic would also be consulted to [make sure] that the system is not susceptible to mechanical resonances at the working speed .

It is difficult to assess , in the period under review , whether the Ottomans made any systematic attempt to ensure the presence of muftis in the various cities and towns of the empire .
it is difficult to assess , in the period under review , whether the ottomans made any systematic attempt to [make sure] the presence of muftis in the various cities and towns of the empire .

We think , perhaps , too much of the sedimentary environment , and not enough of what may be called the geophysical environment that can ensure their preservation .
we think , perhaps , too much of the sedimentary environment , and not enough of what may be called the geophysical environment that can [make sure] their preservation .

In general , the aim of these facilities is to ensure that managers can explore options and their consequences before taking decisions which are crucial to the profitable operation of the business .
in general , the aim of these facilities is to [make sure] that managers can explore options and their consequences before taking decisions which are crucial to the profitable operation of the business .

Personnel Management will always mean making decisions based on judgement , and this will always ensure that the business must take a degree of risk in such areas .
personnel management will always mean making decisions based on judgement , and this will always [make sure] that the business must take a degree of risk in such areas .

The updating of all `` persons ' files will remain a central responsibility to ensure they are kept at the same point in time .
the updating of all `` persons ' files will remain a central responsibility to [make sure] they are kept at the same point in time .

5 What approach should be adopted to ensure a successful system ?
5 what approach should be adopted to [make sure] a successful system ?

As the assessments were received , the aid of the computer was also enlisted to ensure that they were consistent .
as the assessments were received , the aid of the computer was also enlisted to [make sure] that they were consistent .

They were monitored to ensure that similar posts received similar assessments and also that they were `` sensible `` bearing in mind the position of various jobs within their hierarchies .
they were monitored to [make sure] that similar posts received similar assessments and also that they were `` sensible `` bearing in mind the position of various jobs within their hierarchies .

First , security generated by the system programs would ensure that only recognised users could access certain elements of the data within the system .
first , security generated by the system programs would [make sure] that only recognised users could access certain elements of the data within the system .

Secondly , the Wellcome Security Sub-System would control the operator identity passwords and ensure that : ( a ) an operator could only enter a system from a particular logical terminal ; and ( b ) that the operator could only access the system — and , indeed , programs — for which he/she was authorised .
secondly , the wellcome security sub-system would control the operator identity passwords and [make sure] that : ( a ) an operator could only enter a system from a particular logical terminal ; and ( b ) that the operator could only access the system — and , indeed , programs — for which he/she was authorised .

The payroll , needless to say however , only calculates pay for current staff and pensioners , which tends to increase the accuracy of input , particularly of leavers ( to ensure non payment ) which in many non-integrated systems is a particular problem area .
the payroll , needless to say however , only calculates pay for current staff and pensioners , which tends to increase the accuracy of input , particularly of leavers ( to [make sure] non payment ) which in many non-integrated systems is a particular problem area .

( ii ) ensure that the database was maintained in an up to date state .
( ii ) [make sure] that the database was maintained in an up to date state .

Did a bitch do more than submit when she was mounted by a strange dog in the street , held down by his teeth in the loose flesh of her neck to keep her still and ensure his better satisfaction ?
did a bitch do more than submit when she was mounted by a strange dog in the street , held down by his teeth in the loose flesh of her neck to keep her still and [make sure] his better satisfaction ?

Again the children did their bit to ensure that everything went smoothly .
again the children did their bit to [make sure] that everything went smoothly .

The staff `` spiritual `` meetings on Friday night and the ever-present mercy seat also helped to ensure no grievance simmered on for too long , though `` it was n't an angelic community by any means `` .
the staff `` spiritual `` meetings on friday night and the ever-present mercy seat also helped to [make sure] no grievance simmered on for too long , though `` it was n't an angelic community by any means `` .

The sacrifices she had made to ensure her education .
the sacrifices she had made to [make sure] her education .

When Nathan ordered her to set up and engage the auto-helm she tried , desperately searching a mind that had gone totally blank for the sequence which would ensure that the boat remained on course .
when nathan ordered her to set up and engage the auto-helm she tried , desperately searching a mind that had gone totally blank for the sequence which would [make sure] that the boat remained on course .

They must also ensure that the riskiness of lending is kept to a minimum , since profits must be used to write off bad debts .
they must also [make sure] that the riskiness of lending is kept to a minimum , since profits must be used to write off bad debts .

The purpose of this requirement was to ensure that the bill market was adequately funded .
the purpose of this requirement was to [make sure] that the bill market was adequately funded .

The object of section 23 is to ensure that the person who really is to blame can be convicted . It provides :
the object of section 23 is to [make sure] that the person who really is to blame can be convicted . it provides :

The object of the system is to give effect to the expressed preferences of voters in terms of their personal representatives in the Convention ( or any analogous body ) , and the detailed rules for the conduct of a count are carefully drawn to ensure this result .
the object of the system is to give effect to the expressed preferences of voters in terms of their personal representatives in the convention ( or any analogous body ) , and the detailed rules for the conduct of a count are carefully drawn to [make sure] this result .

These rules include provision for the calculation of a quota of votes which if gained by a candidate will ensure election and this has the effect of producing in each constituency a result in seats which is as nearly proportional as possible to the opinions of the voters .
these rules include provision for the calculation of a quota of votes which if gained by a candidate will [make sure] election and this has the effect of producing in each constituency a result in seats which is as nearly proportional as possible to the opinions of the voters .

Legal remedies can ensure that landlords carry out the works for which they are legally responsible .
legal remedies can [make sure] that landlords carry out the works for which they are legally responsible .

And it is also important to ensure that a will is correctly witnessed .
and it is also important to [make sure] that a will is correctly witnessed .

Working Abroad — There are laws which ensure that your education and qualifications whether professional or technical will be recognised in all of the countries in the Community .
working abroad — there are laws which [make sure] that your education and qualifications whether professional or technical will be recognised in all of the countries in the community .

The solicitor 's role is crucial : to ensure that the sale or purchase of your home is managed efficiently and professionally .
the solicitor 's role is crucial : to [make sure] that the sale or purchase of your home is managed efficiently and professionally .

Making a will which includes the necessary additional rights for executors can help ensure that as much as possible of your estate goes where you direct and that your executors can deal with your estate economically and efficiently .
making a will which includes the necessary additional rights for executors can help [make sure] that as much as possible of your estate goes where you direct and that your executors can deal with your estate economically and efficiently .

Before that stage is reached , however , there will invariably have been at least one case conference with social workers , paediatricians , child psychologists and others and as Senior Solicitor it is my responsibility to ensure all important case conferences receive legal advice on the evidence available and the prospects of success .
before that stage is reached , however , there will invariably have been at least one case conference with social workers , paediatricians , child psychologists and others and as senior solicitor it is my responsibility to [make sure] all important case conferences receive legal advice on the evidence available and the prospects of success .

We have argued throughout that cutting eligibility is the worst possible way of containing the cost of legal aid , and we are pleased that the Home Affairs Committee has recognised the importance of maintaining eligibility for legal aid in order to ensure that citizens have access to advice and assistance at a price they can afford .
we have argued throughout that cutting eligibility is the worst possible way of containing the cost of legal aid , and we are pleased that the home affairs committee has recognised the importance of maintaining eligibility for legal aid in order to [make sure] that citizens have access to advice and assistance at a price they can afford .

‘ Adoption of the standards will benefit practices and their clients by helping to ensure they provide services which meet clients ’ requirements and expectations , encouraging repeat business .
‘ adoption of the standards will benefit practices and their clients by helping to [make sure] they provide services which meet clients ’ requirements and expectations , encouraging repeat business .

whether new legal powers are needed to ensure that mentally ill people in the community get the care they need .
whether new legal powers are needed to [make sure] that mentally ill people in the community get the care they need .

whether the present legal powers in the 1983 Mental Health Act are being used as effectively as they can be , and what action could be taken in advance of any new legislation to ensure that they are .
whether the present legal powers in the 1983 mental health act are being used as effectively as they can be , and what action could be taken in advance of any new legislation to [make sure] that they are .

It also calls for steps to ensure that any future aid projects in Malawi serve the cause of human rights .
it also calls for steps to [make sure] that any future aid projects in malawi serve the cause of human rights .

The Law Society and the Legal Aid Board have agreed to introduce a Scheme which is designed to ensure that only competent solicitors ' representatives advise suspects at police stations .
the law society and the legal aid board have agreed to introduce a scheme which is designed to [make sure] that only competent solicitors ' representatives advise suspects at police stations .

The Scheme will ensure that all solicitors ' representatives who give police station advice do so to an agreed standard of competence .
the scheme will [make sure] that all solicitors ' representatives who give police station advice do so to an agreed standard of competence .

To ensure its independence , its members must comprise a specified mixture of lay and legal representatives who should be appointed by a Parliamentary Committee and report direct to Parliament .
to [make sure] its independence , its members must comprise a specified mixture of lay and legal representatives who should be appointed by a parliamentary committee and report direct to parliament .

The documents were prepared by the Law Society 's Race Relations Committee to ensure that all candidates for the judiciary know what is expected of them .
the documents were prepared by the law society 's race relations committee to [make sure] that all candidates for the judiciary know what is expected of them .

To ensure that all issues presented to the court are considered as fairly and expeditiously as possible and are seen to be so .
to [make sure] that all issues presented to the court are considered as fairly and expeditiously as possible and are seen to be so .

‘ For example , some local residents have expressed interest in acquiring small plots of nearby land and we shall ensure that other residents have the same opportunity .
‘ for example , some local residents have expressed interest in acquiring small plots of nearby land and we shall [make sure] that other residents have the same opportunity .

Individual managers have a special responsibility to ensure that staff in looking forward to future alternative arrangements do not neglect to do what they have to do , now and in the near future , prudently and safely .
individual managers have a special responsibility to [make sure] that staff in looking forward to future alternative arrangements do not neglect to do what they have to do , now and in the near future , prudently and safely .

Often the cards are quite difficult to fit , and a slight rocking motion might be necessary to ensure the card is pushed fully home .
often the cards are quite difficult to fit , and a slight rocking motion might be necessary to [make sure] the card is pushed fully home .

This will not only ensure continued trouble-free life , but will add substantially to its resale value when the time comes to upgrade .
this will not only [make sure] continued trouble-free life , but will add substantially to its resale value when the time comes to upgrade .

Data entry has not been error-trapped and every field will accept any type of entry , even the date field , so it 's up to the user to ensure the integrity of the data he enters .
data entry has not been error-trapped and every field will accept any type of entry , even the date field , so it 's up to the user to [make sure] the integrity of the data he enters .

When you buy the drive ensure that it is in a sealed anti static bag , at least , and that the fitting instructions are supplied .
when you buy the drive [make sure] that it is in a sealed anti static bag , at least , and that the fitting instructions are supplied .

Then you must ensure that a single block is n't orphaned and unable to be matched .
then you must [make sure] that a single block is n't orphaned and unable to be matched .

There 's loads of unbiased tips on how to ensure your child gets the most out of the computer and the software .
there 's loads of unbiased tips on how to [make sure] your child gets the most out of the computer and the software .

We are able to give him the support necessary to ensure a comprehensive service for his broad base of clients .
we are able to give him the support necessary to [make sure] a comprehensive service for his broad base of clients .

There is still much work to be done to ensure successful implementation of the project , so the team will still be hard at work considering training ; how to keep staff informed ; and ensuring a smooth change of telephone number [ necessary for a digital system ] .
there is still much work to be done to [make sure] successful implementation of the project , so the team will still be hard at work considering training ; how to keep staff informed ; and ensuring a smooth change of telephone number [ necessary for a digital system ] .

to care for the local communities in which we operate and ensure the highest level of performance in protecting the environment ;
to care for the local communities in which we operate and [make sure] the highest level of performance in protecting the environment ;

The quarterly newspaper Wood News continues to be our principal source of communication and in 1992 we established a network of local Correspondents to ensure that news from all companies reaches us for publication .
the quarterly newspaper wood news continues to be our principal source of communication and in 1992 we established a network of local correspondents to [make sure] that news from all companies reaches us for publication .

To ensure that information would sift through from all corners of the Company , a local spokesperson was elected from each department .
to [make sure] that information would sift through from all corners of the company , a local spokesperson was elected from each department .

Their responsibility is to ensure that articles are forwarded for consideration by the editorial committee for inclusion in the newsletter .
their responsibility is to [make sure] that articles are forwarded for consideration by the editorial committee for inclusion in the newsletter .

It defines its own management system to ensure that it complies with the Group policy and is relevant to its business .
it defines its own management system to [make sure] that it complies with the group policy and is relevant to its business .

To ensure the value of this significant assets , a maintenance programme must be implemented to safeguard the tubulars from wear and tear or loss through careless handling .
to [make sure] the value of this significant assets , a maintenance programme must be implemented to safeguard the tubulars from wear and tear or loss through careless handling .

This should ensure that client companies accept our personnel , and minimise the need for competency audits .
this should [make sure] that client companies accept our personnel , and minimise the need for competency audits .

The donor is given a thorough medical check-up to ensure absolute fitness for the procedure .
the donor is given a thorough medical check-up to [make sure] absolute fitness for the procedure .

‘ Trying to ensure you do n't get frostbite , though lord knows you deserve it .
‘ trying to [make sure] you do n't get frostbite , though lord knows you deserve it .

His greatest , his only concern was to ensure that she stayed away from his sister 's husband .
his greatest , his only concern was to [make sure] that she stayed away from his sister 's husband .

On those occasions when June was unable to accompany him to a meeting or activity , David would always ensure that she and Judith were alright and never failed to keep in touch .
on those occasions when june was unable to accompany him to a meeting or activity , david would always [make sure] that she and judith were alright and never failed to keep in touch .

Every effort is made to ensure thoroughness of saturation , although subjects are technically ‘ dead ’ .
every effort is made to [make sure] thoroughness of saturation , although subjects are technically ‘ dead ’ .

No telephone applications or any amount of pleading will ensure exception to these dates .
no telephone applications or any amount of pleading will [make sure] exception to these dates .

Second , it is important to thank Sir Michael Angus , Dr Derek Zutshi and many of the Patrons of the Campaign for Resource who attended so many of the events to ensure a good launch for the Campaign .
second , it is important to thank sir michael angus , dr derek zutshi and many of the patrons of the campaign for resource who attended so many of the events to [make sure] a good launch for the campaign .

As this growth is counteracted by thermal redispersion of the chains at the crystal-melt interface , the temperature must be low enough to ensure that this disordering process is minimal .
as this growth is counteracted by thermal redispersion of the chains at the crystal-melt interface , the temperature must be low enough to [make sure] that this disordering process is minimal .

It would seem reasonable to assume from this , that the length of the chains in the sample must play a significant role in determining the resistance to flow and the effect of chain length on log η , measured at low shear rates to ensure Newtonian flow , is illustrated in figure 12.4 .
it would seem reasonable to assume from this , that the length of the chains in the sample must play a significant role in determining the resistance to flow and the effect of chain length on log η , measured at low shear rates to [make sure] newtonian flow , is illustrated in figure 12.4 .

To ensure that this is achieved , Ralph Ellis , who is currently Managing Director of the carpet group , will assume the overall role of Group Chief Executive with effect from 1st April 1989 .
to [make sure] that this is achieved , ralph ellis , who is currently managing director of the carpet group , will assume the overall role of group chief executive with effect from 1st april 1989 .

The number of dots per inch in the horizontal and vertical directions can be set to 72 to ensure equal vertical and horizontal scales .
the number of dots per inch in the horizontal and vertical directions can be set to 72 to [make sure] equal vertical and horizontal scales .

This elective can be used to ensure that those data with a value below that specified by elective 4 are mapped .
this elective can be used to [make sure] that those data with a value below that specified by elective 4 are mapped .

The generating station must be close enough to major population centres to ensure a sufficient labour supply ;
the generating station must be close enough to major population centres to [make sure] a sufficient labour supply ;

It is the project manager 's task to define the key results areas , to set priorities for the contributions and to ensure that they are adhered to .
it is the project manager 's task to define the key results areas , to set priorities for the contributions and to [make sure] that they are adhered to .

The system must ensure that all involved are kept aware of progress , decisions and changes concerning them .
the system must [make sure] that all involved are kept aware of progress , decisions and changes concerning them .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to [make sure] that it remains sound .

Care should be taken to ensure that such guidelines are used only in appropriate cases .
care should be taken to [make sure] that such guidelines are used only in appropriate cases .

Non-financial criteria will be used to ensure that the potential new products are such as to contribute to the corporate plan .
non-financial criteria will be used to [make sure] that the potential new products are such as to contribute to the corporate plan .

In the same way the sales manager can optimize his launch date to ensure earliest returns on the new product by accepting a small risk that he will not be able to deliver on the promised date .
in the same way the sales manager can optimize his launch date to [make sure] earliest returns on the new product by accepting a small risk that he will not be able to deliver on the promised date .

The treatment of the new product in all departments must be such as to ensure a product with a price/performance ratio and a quality — that is , fitness for purpose — which matches the market need .
the treatment of the new product in all departments must be such as to [make sure] a product with a price/performance ratio and a quality — that is , fitness for purpose — which matches the market need .

When an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to ensure that it conforms to specification , so tests are carried out on samples .
when an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to [make sure] that it conforms to specification , so tests are carried out on samples .

It is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same criteria , in all departments , to ensure that all such decisions support company policy .
it is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same criteria , in all departments , to [make sure] that all such decisions support company policy .

Question 5 is to ensure that whenever the answer to Question 3 is ‘ No ’ the process is examined to see whether it is still a sound investment .
question 5 is to [make sure] that whenever the answer to question 3 is ‘ no ’ the process is examined to see whether it is still a sound investment .

The co-ordinator is the only full-time member of the team and it is his task to ensure that the others , who should be sufficiently senior to be able to take decisions on actions proposed , feel involved and committed to the value improvement concept .
the co-ordinator is the only full-time member of the team and it is his task to [make sure] that the others , who should be sufficiently senior to be able to take decisions on actions proposed , feel involved and committed to the value improvement concept .

Our aims are to achieve market leadership in our chosen fields ; to ensure the continued prosperity of our businesses and the people who work in them ; and to enhance consistently our profits and earnings for shareholders .
our aims are to achieve market leadership in our chosen fields ; to [make sure] the continued prosperity of our businesses and the people who work in them ; and to enhance consistently our profits and earnings for shareholders .

Drop spaghetti into the boiling water and let it ‘ collapse ’ , stir to ensure that strands are separated .
drop spaghetti into the boiling water and let it ‘ collapse ’ , stir to [make sure] that strands are separated .

Every effort was made by Gould to ensure that his business would run smoothly , efficiently , and with unremitting industry while he was away .
every effort was made by gould to [make sure] that his business would run smoothly , efficiently , and with unremitting industry while he was away .

Both sides did their best through the medium of television to ensure that the general population 's familiarity with the war was not confined to news of casualties .
both sides did their best through the medium of television to [make sure] that the general population 's familiarity with the war was not confined to news of casualties .

We must therefore keep tight control on stocks of both raw materials and finished products and ensure that our customers pay us on time .
we must therefore keep tight control on stocks of both raw materials and finished products and [make sure] that our customers pay us on time .

Select and utilise raw materials and packaging in such a way as to minimise waste , and ensure that waste materials are reprocessed or disposed of responsibly
select and utilise raw materials and packaging in such a way as to minimise waste , and [make sure] that waste materials are reprocessed or disposed of responsibly

Monitor environmental statutory regulations to ensure that required standards are met .
monitor environmental statutory regulations to [make sure] that required standards are met .

The course was attended by employees from all areas of the maltings and will ensure that we are even more professional for this coming barley intake season !
the course was attended by employees from all areas of the maltings and will [make sure] that we are even more professional for this coming barley intake season !

To ensure standards are maintained an inspector from Register of Quality Assurance will return every six months to check that actual working practices agree with the written procedures .
to [make sure] standards are maintained an inspector from register of quality assurance will return every six months to check that actual working practices agree with the written procedures .

has always been a quality conscious company and over the years has implemented procedures to ensure high standards of nutritional value and safety .
has always been a quality conscious company and over the years has implemented procedures to [make sure] high standards of nutritional value and safety .

In addition , all regional buyers inspect and approve all raw material stores personally to ensure they achieve our laid down standards .
in addition , all regional buyers inspect and approve all raw material stores personally to [make sure] they achieve our laid down standards .

We can convey cereals at up to 700 tph but malt is loaded more slowly to ensure minimum damage .
we can convey cereals at up to 700 tph but malt is loaded more slowly to [make sure] minimum damage .

It needs constant and creative re-appraisal to ensure its relevance .
it needs constant and creative re-appraisal to [make sure] its relevance .

The relationship with the National Council for Vocational Qualifications develops slowly , but our moves to ensure the continuing provision of tuition for banking candidates ( especially by greater use of distance learning ) have proved effective .
the relationship with the national council for vocational qualifications develops slowly , but our moves to [make sure] the continuing provision of tuition for banking candidates ( especially by greater use of distance learning ) have proved effective .

It is the education officer 's job to inform the colleges of likely numbers for enrolments in the coming session and to ensure that students are suitably informed about enrolment procedures , which may mean holding a special meeting — perhaps at a college .
it is the education officer 's job to inform the colleges of likely numbers for enrolments in the coming session and to [make sure] that students are suitably informed about enrolment procedures , which may mean holding a special meeting — perhaps at a college .

That is what will ensure continuing success and prosperity for our employees , for our shareholders and of course for you , our retired staff .
that is what will [make sure] continuing success and prosperity for our employees , for our shareholders and of course for you , our retired staff .

Nevertheless , the ‘ wiring ’ is constructed in such a way as to ensure that certain kinds of social relationship and hierarchy processes remain reproduced .
nevertheless , the ‘ wiring ’ is constructed in such a way as to [make sure] that certain kinds of social relationship and hierarchy processes remain reproduced .

Working class people , for example , were combining with public sector workers to ensure that such collective provision was in fact provided .
working class people , for example , were combining with public sector workers to [make sure] that such collective provision was in fact provided .

Management needs to ensure that the expensive and long-term project has a good strategic pay-off .
management needs to [make sure] that the expensive and long-term project has a good strategic pay-off .

Middle management , typically heads of departments , will ensure that these policies are carried out and will act upon those conditions that veer from this norm ( exceptional conditions ) .
middle management , typically heads of departments , will [make sure] that these policies are carried out and will act upon those conditions that veer from this norm ( exceptional conditions ) .

Middle management will ensure that the goals set by top management are being met .
middle management will [make sure] that the goals set by top management are being met .

For example , a computer system can check stock levels and produce a supplier 's order request automatically in good time , and this will ensure that there are always supplies of products in stock .
for example , a computer system can check stock levels and produce a supplier 's order request automatically in good time , and this will [make sure] that there are always supplies of products in stock .

The executive responsible is a member of the Board assigned to ensure the successful progress and completion of the project .
the executive responsible is a member of the board assigned to [make sure] the successful progress and completion of the project .

We now discuss the role of the systems planning team whose main function is to coordinate and control the information systems project and ensure information systems are closely aligned with the goals of the organisation .
we now discuss the role of the systems planning team whose main function is to coordinate and control the information systems project and [make sure] information systems are closely aligned with the goals of the organisation .

Such a high-powered team should ensure that the project has the prestige necessary to carry its proposals through the organisation .
such a high-powered team should [make sure] that the project has the prestige necessary to carry its proposals through the organisation .

The systems planning team will ensure that the subsystems are developed according to the plan which allows for some form of integration later .
the systems planning team will [make sure] that the subsystems are developed according to the plan which allows for some form of integration later .

Plan for disaster : ensure that dependencies are identified and damage likelihood identified .
plan for disaster : [make sure] that dependencies are identified and damage likelihood identified .

Ensure information systems development satisfies user needs : understand the tasks and processes involved to establish the true user requirements .
[make sure] information systems development satisfies user needs : understand the tasks and processes involved to establish the true user requirements .

To ensure that each root definition is well-formed , it is checked for the presence of six characteristics .
to [make sure] that each root definition is well-formed , it is checked for the presence of six characteristics .

The systems planning team has a particularly important role to ensure a ‘ design for integration ’ and also to prevent any delay in this integration .
the systems planning team has a particularly important role to [make sure] a ‘ design for integration ’ and also to prevent any delay in this integration .

It is an important role of the database administrator to control attempts to keep data on the database indefinitely and to ensure that data entering the database is likely to be of use in the near future .
it is an important role of the database administrator to control attempts to keep data on the database indefinitely and to [make sure] that data entering the database is likely to be of use in the near future .

The systems planning team will have to ensure that rewards come during and not only after the full information systems project is implemented .
the systems planning team will have to [make sure] that rewards come during and not only after the full information systems project is implemented .

One possible move to counteract this is to ensure that the system proposer is a business analyst and not a technical analyst
one possible move to counteract this is to [make sure] that the system proposer is a business analyst and not a technical analyst

Unless steps have been taken to ensure that the people of the organisation are fully informed of the changes that are proposed , that they support the changes , and see themselves as gaining from them , then there is no reason to assume that they will cooperate with the changes : indeed , there is good reason to assume that they will try to ensure that the changes do not work .
unless steps have been taken to [make sure] that the people of the organisation are fully informed of the changes that are proposed , that they support the changes , and see themselves as gaining from them , then there is no reason to assume that they will cooperate with the changes : indeed , there is good reason to assume that they will try to [make sure] that the changes do not work .

The best strategy to counteract resistance is to ensure rational , self interest , where attempts are made to convince individuals that change is to their personal advantage .
the best strategy to counteract resistance is to [make sure] rational , self interest , where attempts are made to convince individuals that change is to their personal advantage .

Such inducements as salary , status and job interest , could be used to ensure that staff might enjoy their new roles .
such inducements as salary , status and job interest , could be used to [make sure] that staff might enjoy their new roles .

There is a danger here , however , as the analyst must ensure that it will not be significant in any application in the library .
there is a danger here , however , as the analyst must [make sure] that it will not be significant in any application in the library .

They are used to ensure that the entity model will support the functions that may use the data model .
they are used to [make sure] that the entity model will support the functions that may use the data model .

Ensure all events and operations are supported by the model .
[make sure] all events and operations are supported by the model .

The analyst has to ensure that any synonyms and homonyms are detected .
the analyst has to [make sure] that any synonyms and homonyms are detected .

The final stage of entity analysis will be to look at all the events within the area and the operations that need to be performed following an event , and ensure that the model supports these events and operations .
the final stage of entity analysis will be to look at all the events within the area and the operations that need to be performed following an event , and [make sure] that the model supports these events and operations .

Managers and users can give ‘ user feedback ’ to the data analysts and this will also help to tune the model and ensure its accuracy .
managers and users can give ‘ user feedback ’ to the data analysts and this will also help to tune the model and [make sure] its accuracy .

Ensure that synonyms and homonyms are recognised .
[make sure] that synonyms and homonyms are recognised .

Ensure that all the attributes are atomic ( that is , in the smallest possible components ) .
[make sure] that all the attributes are atomic ( that is , in the smallest possible components ) .

Ensure that all non-key attributes are functionally dependent on ( give facts about ) all of the key .
[make sure] that all non-key attributes are functionally dependent on ( give facts about ) all of the key .

Ensure that all non-key attributes are functionally independent of each other .
[make sure] that all non-key attributes are functionally independent of each other .

There are a number of documentation aids to help the analysis , design and implementation processes , particularly in helping to ensure that the work is thorough and can be communicated to interested parties .
there are a number of documentation aids to help the analysis , design and implementation processes , particularly in helping to [make sure] that the work is thorough and can be communicated to interested parties .

As a result of these feelings , users may do their best to ensure that the computer system will not succeed .
as a result of these feelings , users may do their best to [make sure] that the computer system will not succeed .

Consultative participation leaves the main design tasks to the systems analysts , but tries to ensure that all staff in the user department are consulted about the change .
consultative participation leaves the main design tasks to the systems analysts , but tries to [make sure] that all staff in the user department are consulted about the change .

And even if the ‘ caretaker ’ solution is still disliked , would not a strong argument in its favour be that the automatic selection of the ‘ caretaker ’ by virtue of his position preordained either by the stricken Prime Minister or ( in the case of a Labour government ) by his position as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party mean that that selection would keep the Queen above the party infighting , and overall would ensure that the royal prerogative of choice of a new Prime Minister in this context would have no part to play ?
and even if the ‘ caretaker ’ solution is still disliked , would not a strong argument in its favour be that the automatic selection of the ‘ caretaker ’ by virtue of his position preordained either by the stricken prime minister or ( in the case of a labour government ) by his position as deputy leader of the labour party mean that that selection would keep the queen above the party infighting , and overall would [make sure] that the royal prerogative of choice of a new prime minister in this context would have no part to play ?

’ The only gleam of hope the Prime Minister could offer was that the Cabinet had on the previous day agreed to ask the Bank of England whether an increase of cuts from 56 million to 76 million , including a ten per cent cut in unemployment benefits , would be enough to ensure an American loan .
’ the only gleam of hope the prime minister could offer was that the cabinet had on the previous day agreed to ask the bank of england whether an increase of cuts from 56 million to 76 million , including a ten per cent cut in unemployment benefits , would be enough to [make sure] an american loan .

No one could predict with certainty whether or not the King would grant a dissolution in such circumstances , but his inclination was to ensure that the Labour government be given every privilege that previous governments had enjoyed .
no one could predict with certainty whether or not the king would grant a dissolution in such circumstances , but his inclination was to [make sure] that the labour government be given every privilege that previous governments had enjoyed .

‘ By changing the specification they ensure that those garments are made specially for them .
‘ by changing the specification they [make sure] that those garments are made specially for them .

Mirror panels are expensive of course and you must ensure that large slabs of it can be got through doors , up stair-wells , and onto lifts or elevators .
mirror panels are expensive of course and you must [make sure] that large slabs of it can be got through doors , up stair-wells , and onto lifts or elevators .

And each work area needs careful thought to ensure that all necessary equipment and ingredients are conveniently to hand .
and each work area needs careful thought to [make sure] that all necessary equipment and ingredients are conveniently to hand .

To smooth out irregularities and to ensure that there is a unique local minimum the graph is first approximated to degree 4 by Legendre polynomials .
to smooth out irregularities and to [make sure] that there is a unique local minimum the graph is first approximated to degree 4 by legendre polynomials .

First , they ensure that the initial position of competitive equilibrium is indeed an equilibrium .
first , they [make sure] that the initial position of competitive equilibrium is indeed an equilibrium .

By balancing the quantities supplied and demanded , prices ensure that the final quantity of goods being consumed can be produced .
by balancing the quantities supplied and demanded , prices [make sure] that the final quantity of goods being consumed can be produced .

They ensure that it is a feasible allocation .
they [make sure] that it is a feasible allocation .

Knowing nothing at all about the actions of other consumers and producers , each consumer will automatically ensure that the last film he or she purchases yields twice as much utility as the last meal purchased .
knowing nothing at all about the actions of other consumers and producers , each consumer will automatically [make sure] that the last film he or she purchases yields twice as much utility as the last meal purchased .

Similarly , each and every producer , merely by setting their own marginal cost equal to the price of their output , will ensure that the marginal cost of films is twice the marginal cost of meals .
similarly , each and every producer , merely by setting their own marginal cost equal to the price of their output , will [make sure] that the marginal cost of films is twice the marginal cost of meals .

Prices ensure that both industries are in equilibrium .
prices [make sure] that both industries are in equilibrium .

Ideally , we should like the government to ensure that the economy is on the Pareto-efficient frontier , shown in Figure 15–2 , but take responsibility for making the value judgement about which point on this frontier the economy should attain .
ideally , we should like the government to [make sure] that the economy is on the pareto-efficient frontier , shown in figure 15–2 , but take responsibility for making the value judgement about which point on this frontier the economy should attain .

Since every competitive equilibrium is Pareto-efficient , and since different Pareto-efficient allocations correspond to different initial distributions of income-earning potential in a competitive economy , it appears that the government can confine itself to redistributing income and wealth through income and inheritance taxes or welfare benefits without having to worry about interventions to ensure that resources are allocated efficiently .
since every competitive equilibrium is pareto-efficient , and since different pareto-efficient allocations correspond to different initial distributions of income-earning potential in a competitive economy , it appears that the government can confine itself to redistributing income and wealth through income and inheritance taxes or welfare benefits without having to worry about interventions to [make sure] that resources are allocated efficiently .

Competitive equilibrium is Pareto-efficient because the independent actions of producers setting marginal cost equal to price , and consumers setting marginal benefits equal to price , ensure that the marginal cost of producing a good just equals its marginal benefit to consumers .
competitive equilibrium is pareto-efficient because the independent actions of producers setting marginal cost equal to price , and consumers setting marginal benefits equal to price , [make sure] that the marginal cost of producing a good just equals its marginal benefit to consumers .

We began by showing that in the absence of any distortions a freely competitive equilibrium would ensure allocative efficiency .
we began by showing that in the absence of any distortions a freely competitive equilibrium would [make sure] allocative efficiency .

Hence we can not expect markets and prices to ensure that the marginal benefits of making a noise are equated to the marginal cost of that noise to other people .
hence we can not expect markets and prices to [make sure] that the marginal benefits of making a noise are equated to the marginal cost of that noise to other people .

By regulating the quantity directly it is at least possible to ensure that the disaster is avoided .
by regulating the quantity directly it is at least possible to [make sure] that the disaster is avoided .

Yet without these forward markets the price system can not be expected to ensure that the marginal cost and marginal benefits of planned future goods are equal .
yet without these forward markets the price system can not be expected to [make sure] that the marginal cost and marginal benefits of planned future goods are equal .

However , when a distortion can not be removed from one market it is not generally efficient to ensure that all other markets are distortion-free .
however , when a distortion can not be removed from one market it is not generally efficient to [make sure] that all other markets are distortion-free .

Since the price system achieves Pareto efficiency by inducing each individual to equate marginal cost or marginal benefit to the price received or paid , and hence to one another , taxes that imply that buyers and sellers face different prices ensure that the marginal cost to a seller no longer equals the marginal benefit to a buyer .
since the price system achieves pareto efficiency by inducing each individual to equate marginal cost or marginal benefit to the price received or paid , and hence to one another , taxes that imply that buyers and sellers face different prices [make sure] that the marginal cost to a seller no longer equals the marginal benefit to a buyer .

Free schooling to ensure a minimum level of education , communication , and social interaction might be one way to achieve this .
free schooling to [make sure] a minimum level of education , communication , and social interaction might be one way to achieve this .

Why does society try to ensure that every child receives an education ? Discuss the different ways this could be done and give reasons for preferring one method of providing such an education .
why does society try to [make sure] that every child receives an education ? discuss the different ways this could be done and give reasons for preferring one method of providing such an education .

Competitive equilibrium would ensure that each industry expanded its output up to the point at which price equals marginal cost and therefore social marginal benefit equals social marginal cost .
competitive equilibrium would [make sure] that each industry expanded its output up to the point at which price equals marginal cost and therefore social marginal benefit equals social marginal cost .

The first is that it is hard to ensure that the industry really does minimize costs .
the first is that it is hard to [make sure] that the industry really does minimize costs .

Unnecessarily high costs can be passed on under average cost pricing ( solution 1 ) , can result in a higher fixed charge to ensure break-even under a two-part tariff ( solution 2 ) , or can require a larger subsidy ( solution 3 ) .
unnecessarily high costs can be passed on under average cost pricing ( solution 1 ) , can result in a higher fixed charge to [make sure] break-even under a two-part tariff ( solution 2 ) , or can require a larger subsidy ( solution 3 ) .

In each case the regulatory body has the difficult task of trying to ensure that the management of the natural monopoly is as efficient as possible .
in each case the regulatory body has the difficult task of trying to [make sure] that the management of the natural monopoly is as efficient as possible .

Regulators find it difficult to ensure that the regulated really do produce on the lowest possible cost curve .
regulators find it difficult to [make sure] that the regulated really do produce on the lowest possible cost curve .

Public subsidy may therefore be desirable , but the public commitment to pick up the bills requires public monitoring to ensure that the monopolist continues to minimize costs and produce efficiently .
public subsidy may therefore be desirable , but the public commitment to pick up the bills requires public monitoring to [make sure] that the monopolist continues to minimize costs and produce efficiently .

In the long run , investment and the efficient level of capacity should be determined to ensure that , when pricing at short-run marginal cost , average daily or yearly prices equal long-run marginal cost .
in the long run , investment and the efficient level of capacity should be determined to [make sure] that , when pricing at short-run marginal cost , average daily or yearly prices equal long-run marginal cost .

It was King Henry 's one great gesture against Glendower , and nothing had been spared of loans , and exhortations , and massing of stores , to ensure its success .
it was king henry 's one great gesture against glendower , and nothing had been spared of loans , and exhortations , and massing of stores , to [make sure] its success .

There would be men enough left with them to ensure their safe withdrawal , not enough to make it worth his while disabling them .
there would be men enough left with them to [make sure] their safe withdrawal , not enough to make it worth his while disabling them .

It was just pure chance that her job as a fuel technician would ensure that their paths would eventually cross , was n't it ?
it was just pure chance that her job as a fuel technician would [make sure] that their paths would eventually cross , was n't it ?

Nor does it ensure freedom from exploitation and oppression .
nor does it [make sure] freedom from exploitation and oppression .

To ensure that the desired number of sons reach adulthood — allowing for miscarriage , stillbirth , infant death and , of course , daughters — a woman has to be pregnant as many times as possible .
to [make sure] that the desired number of sons reach adulthood — allowing for miscarriage , stillbirth , infant death and , of course , daughters — a woman has to be pregnant as many times as possible .

The scheme aims to ensure the residents ' economic survival and to maintain or create family units wherever possible .
the scheme aims to [make sure] the residents ' economic survival and to maintain or create family units wherever possible .

The helping hand for foreign travellers , a hallmark of Omani hospitality , proved misplaced on that occasion since the Portuguese — having mapped the routes to the lands of silk and spices — simply destroyed the Omani merchant fleets to prevent competition , while they occupied key ports to ensure that no other foreign vessels could pass by .
the helping hand for foreign travellers , a hallmark of omani hospitality , proved misplaced on that occasion since the portuguese — having mapped the routes to the lands of silk and spices — simply destroyed the omani merchant fleets to prevent competition , while they occupied key ports to [make sure] that no other foreign vessels could pass by .

We will ensure that all schools teach the same basic subjects .
we will [make sure] that all schools teach the same basic subjects .

We will ensure that all children have their memories for each of the foundation subjects tested at the ages of seven , 11 , 13 and 16 .
we will [make sure] that all children have their memories for each of the foundation subjects tested at the ages of seven , 11 , 13 and 16 .

This will also ensure that , from the earliest stages , children are groomed for competition .
this will also [make sure] that , from the earliest stages , children are groomed for competition .

We will ensure that each school is controlled by a Board of Governors .
we will [make sure] that each school is controlled by a board of governors .

We will ensure that , so far as possible , teachers avoid teaching about controversial subjects .
we will [make sure] that , so far as possible , teachers avoid teaching about controversial subjects .

We will ensure that British values are paramount .
we will [make sure] that british values are paramount .

We will ensure that their influence is severely curtailed and , if possible , removed .
we will [make sure] that their influence is severely curtailed and , if possible , removed .

We will ensure that a number of carefully selected children from poor homes , including perhaps even some children or grandchildren of immigrants , are allowed to succeed at school , and to go to university .
we will [make sure] that a number of carefully selected children from poor homes , including perhaps even some children or grandchildren of immigrants , are allowed to succeed at school , and to go to university .

We will ensure that access to literature , religion and the creative arts is limited to those few children who are capable of appreciating them , and whose parents can afford to pay the extra costs involved .
we will [make sure] that access to literature , religion and the creative arts is limited to those few children who are capable of appreciating them , and whose parents can afford to pay the extra costs involved .

We will ensure that our educational reforms are strengthened by other legislation which we are introducing to increase inequality — in particular , our measures to reduce public expenditure on health , housing and welfare benefits , and to curb the powers of trade unions . Insofar as our educational reforms are not immediately successful we shall be happy , indeed keen , to introduce the following :
we will [make sure] that our educational reforms are strengthened by other legislation which we are introducing to increase inequality — in particular , our measures to reduce public expenditure on health , housing and welfare benefits , and to curb the powers of trade unions . insofar as our educational reforms are not immediately successful we shall be happy , indeed keen , to introduce the following :

We have regularly said that we are prepared to put another 1p on the standard rate of income tax to ensure that people are properly trained and skill-trained , so that we can tackle the problems of the 1990s and try to achieve a much more dynamic and effective economy .
we have regularly said that we are prepared to put another 1p on the standard rate of income tax to [make sure] that people are properly trained and skill-trained , so that we can tackle the problems of the 1990s and try to achieve a much more dynamic and effective economy .

My right hon. Friend will agree that those questions must be answered and that we have to get to the very heart of the scandal to ensure that it should not happen again , not only in Leicestershire but elsewhere , and those responsible for the cover-up are made to realise what they have done and the subsequent effect it has had on numerous children .
my right hon. friend will agree that those questions must be answered and that we have to get to the very heart of the scandal to [make sure] that it should not happen again , not only in leicestershire but elsewhere , and those responsible for the cover-up are made to realise what they have done and the subsequent effect it has had on numerous children .

The association has stated clearly that it is up to British Rail — and , perhaps , the Government — to take such dangers into account if they wish to increase railway speeds , as many of us would like , and to ensure that people can cross the line safely , even if that means the Government providing the money either for an underpass of for a bridge over the line .
the association has stated clearly that it is up to british rail — and , perhaps , the government — to take such dangers into account if they wish to increase railway speeds , as many of us would like , and to [make sure] that people can cross the line safely , even if that means the government providing the money either for an underpass of for a bridge over the line .

It is surely incumbent on us to do everything possible to ensure that safety is paramount .
it is surely incumbent on us to do everything possible to [make sure] that safety is paramount .

We must ensure that there are proper safeguards in legislation .
we must [make sure] that there are proper safeguards in legislation .

If we ever want to save endangered species , the private Bill procedure may be one way to ensure that they are more plentiful .
if we ever want to save endangered species , the private bill procedure may be one way to [make sure] that they are more plentiful .

It was clear that the employers proposed a plan to generate more immediate investment in the sector to provide some stability and to ensure that quality training would be provided .
it was clear that the employers proposed a plan to generate more immediate investment in the sector to provide some stability and to [make sure] that quality training would be provided .

They do not have the wherewithal to carry out the administration and paperwork or to watch over them and ensure that they learn on the job and produce an effective piece of craftsmanship .
they do not have the wherewithal to carry out the administration and paperwork or to watch over them and [make sure] that they learn on the job and produce an effective piece of craftsmanship .

Only the medium and large builders can mount a training campaign and ensure that it is effectively carried through .
only the medium and large builders can mount a training campaign and [make sure] that it is effectively carried through .

Sponsorship of sport by the tobacco industry is controlled by voluntary agreement and is carefully monitored to ensure that young people are not recipients of a pro-smoking message . ’
sponsorship of sport by the tobacco industry is controlled by voluntary agreement and is carefully monitored to [make sure] that young people are not recipients of a pro-smoking message . ’

However , we must do what we can to ensure that that does not have a consequent effect on unemployment in this country through a failure to understand that process .
however , we must do what we can to [make sure] that that does not have a consequent effect on unemployment in this country through a failure to understand that process .

When the new voluntary agreement on tobacco advertising was concluded , the Secretary of State for Health issued a trumpeting press release stating : ’ The agreement will ensure that the new health warnings such as Smoking Kills ' , which will appear on cigarette packets from 1992 , will also appear on advertisements .
when the new voluntary agreement on tobacco advertising was concluded , the secretary of state for health issued a trumpeting press release stating : ’ the agreement will [make sure] that the new health warnings such as smoking kills ' , which will appear on cigarette packets from 1992 , will also appear on advertisements .

Clearly , if we want to deliver long-term reductions in tobacco consumption , we need to ensure that the smallest possible number of children — preferably none — take up the tobacco habit .
clearly , if we want to deliver long-term reductions in tobacco consumption , we need to [make sure] that the smallest possible number of children — preferably none — take up the tobacco habit .

The third is to ensure that children understand the health hazards that they run .
the third is to [make sure] that children understand the health hazards that they run .

The media are also required , when reporting matters which are relevant to imminent legal proceedings , to ensure that their reports do not give rise to any substantial risk of prejudice .
the media are also required , when reporting matters which are relevant to imminent legal proceedings , to [make sure] that their reports do not give rise to any substantial risk of prejudice .

We are determined to ensure that —
we are determined to [make sure] that —

It is also important to ensure that attention is paid to other areas .
it is also important to [make sure] that attention is paid to other areas .

It is important to ensure that , whatever happens , it applies throughout the Community .
it is important to [make sure] that , whatever happens , it applies throughout the community .

It is important to ensure that the negotiations take account of the whole Community and not simply the northern products that have been put on the table first .
it is important to [make sure] that the negotiations take account of the whole community and not simply the northern products that have been put on the table first .

If that is the case , would it not have been better for the hon. Gentleman to keep his own counsel when he stated publicly that we were bound to fail in our negotiations ? Would it not have helped British farmers if he had said that he was determined to support us and ensure that we succeeded ? That is not being disingenuous : that is asking for the kind of conduct that used to be normal on both sides of the House .
if that is the case , would it not have been better for the hon. gentleman to keep his own counsel when he stated publicly that we were bound to fail in our negotiations ? would it not have helped british farmers if he had said that he was determined to support us and [make sure] that we succeeded ? that is not being disingenuous : that is asking for the kind of conduct that used to be normal on both sides of the house .

In that regard we must ensure that food labelling throughout the food chain from the farm gate to the supermarket contains the country of origin so that British consumers can buy British .
in that regard we must [make sure] that food labelling throughout the food chain from the farm gate to the supermarket contains the country of origin so that british consumers can buy british .

In Northumberland , half the farmers are tenant farmers and we need a greater supply of land for rent to ensure the continued prosperity of the tenanted sector , with new entrants being able to come into agriculture .
in northumberland , half the farmers are tenant farmers and we need a greater supply of land for rent to [make sure] the continued prosperity of the tenanted sector , with new entrants being able to come into agriculture .

The burden of reform must be borne fairly throughout the Community , both between and within member states , regardless of size and location , bearing in mind the paramount need to ensure the survival of the most efficient producers .
the burden of reform must be borne fairly throughout the community , both between and within member states , regardless of size and location , bearing in mind the paramount need to [make sure] the survival of the most efficient producers .

Will the Minister ensure that his Department study the criteria carefully ?
will the minister [make sure] that his department study the criteria carefully ?

The Government take the matter extremely seriously and want to ensure that grants go to those who most need them .
the government take the matter extremely seriously and want to [make sure] that grants go to those who most need them .

In view of what you , Mr. Speaker , have had to say about the Consolidated Fund Bill , can you give some assurance that , if this matter about Maxwell and him laundering money is raised , you will ensure that people such as Arthur Scargill and Peter Heathfield will be given special tickets to sit in the Gallery so that they can hear the debate and so that they can draw the attention of various channels to the fact that perhaps Mr. Lightman should investigate the missing Maxwell millions , and perhaps we can find out whether Roger Windsor , Mr. Maxwell 's nark , was paid £50,000 out of the Daily Mirror 's missing millions .
in view of what you , mr. speaker , have had to say about the consolidated fund bill , can you give some assurance that , if this matter about maxwell and him laundering money is raised , you will [make sure] that people such as arthur scargill and peter heathfield will be given special tickets to sit in the gallery so that they can hear the debate and so that they can draw the attention of various channels to the fact that perhaps mr. lightman should investigate the missing maxwell millions , and perhaps we can find out whether roger windsor , mr. maxwell 's nark , was paid £50,000 out of the daily mirror 's missing millions .

For the long-term benefit of the economy , the Government should invest to ensure that we have an adequate public transport system to move people to and from places of work without massive environmental pollution and to move goods .
for the long-term benefit of the economy , the government should invest to [make sure] that we have an adequate public transport system to move people to and from places of work without massive environmental pollution and to move goods .

The letter reads : ’ With regard to Dr. Vann 's request for retrospective payments to be made to GPs who have been reimbursed under the previous arrangements , the object of the scheme , as has been explained in the past , is to ensure the widest possible spread of computing within a cash-limited budget .
the letter reads : ’ with regard to dr. vann 's request for retrospective payments to be made to gps who have been reimbursed under the previous arrangements , the object of the scheme , as has been explained in the past , is to [make sure] the widest possible spread of computing within a cash-limited budget .

Will my right hon. and learned Friend confirm that he will ask the chairman of British Rail urgently to look at the position of the tunnels further along the line to ensure that precautions similar to those that are being instituted in the Severn tunnel will also be made in those tunnels if signalling changes have taken place recently associated with the general modernisation work ?
will my right hon. and learned friend confirm that he will ask the chairman of british rail urgently to look at the position of the tunnels further along the line to [make sure] that precautions similar to those that are being instituted in the severn tunnel will also be made in those tunnels if signalling changes have taken place recently associated with the general modernisation work ?

Can the Secretary of State tell us , three years after Clapham , what the total cost is of implementing the Hidden recommendations to make our system safer ? Has the Department completed the review of the investment for safety , as required by Hidden ? Finally , does he accept that the general public want to see him and his Department using all their energies to ensure the implementation of a safe , reliable railway , instead of producing a White Paper on the privatisation of British Rail ?
can the secretary of state tell us , three years after clapham , what the total cost is of implementing the hidden recommendations to make our system safer ? has the department completed the review of the investment for safety , as required by hidden ? finally , does he accept that the general public want to see him and his department using all their energies to [make sure] the implementation of a safe , reliable railway , instead of producing a white paper on the privatisation of british rail ?

What we are talking about today is the need to ensure that bad cases do not elude tough penalties , because the present law puts burdens on the police and prosecution which they can have difficulty in discharging .
what we are talking about today is the need to [make sure] that bad cases do not elude tough penalties , because the present law puts burdens on the police and prosecution which they can have difficulty in discharging .

The first duty of the Government is to work with the people to ensure security and freedom from fear for the people .
the first duty of the government is to work with the people to [make sure] security and freedom from fear for the people .

Although we must respond to the offence , we must avoid the ’ Something must be done ’ syndrome and ensure that we do not lash out wildly in some public relations exercise .
although we must respond to the offence , we must avoid the ’ something must be done ’ syndrome and [make sure] that we do not lash out wildly in some public relations exercise .

How do we ensure that there is a much greater chance of catching those young men and adequately dealing with them ?
how do we [make sure] that there is a much greater chance of catching those young men and adequately dealing with them ?

In each of the past two years , Parliament has approved continuation orders extending the life of the Teachers ' Pay and Conditions Act 1987 . Last year , an order was needed to ensure that the recommendations of the Interim Advisory Committee on School Teachers '
in each of the past two years , parliament has approved continuation orders extending the life of the teachers ' pay and conditions act 1987 . last year , an order was needed to [make sure] that the recommendations of the interim advisory committee on school teachers '

Until the first new pay and conditions order is made under the new Act , the 1987 Act needs to be kept in being for a very short time for a very specific and limited purpose to ensure that all teachers continue to be covered by the existing pay and conditions order made under that Act .
until the first new pay and conditions order is made under the new act , the 1987 act needs to be kept in being for a very short time for a very specific and limited purpose to [make sure] that all teachers continue to be covered by the existing pay and conditions order made under that act .

Therefore , we must ensure tonight that there is a smooth transition between the old and new pay and conditions orders and that the provisions of the 1991 pay document will continue to apply in the case of contracts of employment entered into after 31 March 1992 , but before the new order giving effect to the 1992 pay and conditions document comes into force .
therefore , we must [make sure] tonight that there is a smooth transition between the old and new pay and conditions orders and that the provisions of the 1991 pay document will continue to apply in the case of contracts of employment entered into after 31 march 1992 , but before the new order giving effect to the 1992 pay and conditions document comes into force .

In the meantime , this order is required simply to ensure a smooth transition between the old and new statutory arrangements and to ensure that there are no gaps in the statutory provision for the pay and conditions of schoolteachers .
in the meantime , this order is required simply to [make sure] a smooth transition between the old and new statutory arrangements and to [make sure] that there are no gaps in the statutory provision for the pay and conditions of schoolteachers .

Will he ensure that these infantry battalions are more swiftly available in future ? Will he give us an idea of the future role of the Royal Corps of Transport ? Will it , like other forces , merge with the Regular Army ?
will he [make sure] that these infantry battalions are more swiftly available in future ? will he give us an idea of the future role of the royal corps of transport ? will it , like other forces , merge with the regular army ?

We welcome the Government 's commitment to keeping finance and income support levels under review ; the Committee will examine the position from time to time , and ensure that the levels remain reasonable .
we welcome the government 's commitment to keeping finance and income support levels under review ; the committee will examine the position from time to time , and [make sure] that the levels remain reasonable .

Cities such as Sheffield and Manchester have been at the forefront of examining alternatives to residential health care to ensure that people can live happily in the community .
cities such as sheffield and manchester have been at the forefront of examining alternatives to residential health care to [make sure] that people can live happily in the community .

We must ensure that the gap does not lead to anxiety about possible eviction .
we must [make sure] that the gap does not lead to anxiety about possible eviction .

We must also ensure that the escalation of costs does not lead to elderly people having to move from a single-bedded room to shared accommodation , which would be a lowering of standards in their residential home — and it is their home .
we must also [make sure] that the escalation of costs does not lead to elderly people having to move from a single-bedded room to shared accommodation , which would be a lowering of standards in their residential home — and it is their home .

We must ensure that those problems in the south-east are addressed .
we must [make sure] that those problems in the south-east are addressed .

Therefore , would it not be sensible to reintroduce the housing benefit element now to ensure that that gap can be met ?
therefore , would it not be sensible to reintroduce the housing benefit element now to [make sure] that that gap can be met ?

The personal allowance must be ring-fenced to ensure that people in residential care can have a small amount of money for their personal needs .
the personal allowance must be ring-fenced to [make sure] that people in residential care can have a small amount of money for their personal needs .

However , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is identified and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .
however , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not [make sure] that that gap is identified and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .

We must also ensure that the Department of Social Security and of Health reach a clear understanding about the way in which the community care system will operate in future .
we must also [make sure] that the department of social security and of health reach a clear understanding about the way in which the community care system will operate in future .

However , we will take on board the recommendation and try to ensure that people are not kept waiting on any appreciable scale .
however , we will take on board the recommendation and try to [make sure] that people are not kept waiting on any appreciable scale .

If payment is still not received , the authority will take enforcement action against that person to ensure that the required sum is paid .
if payment is still not received , the authority will take enforcement action against that person to [make sure] that the required sum is paid .

The Community has agreed to increase the accountability of European Community institutions ; to strengthen the European Parliament 's financial control over the Commission ; to allow the European Parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a Community ombudsman accessible to all Community citizens ; to build up the role of the Court of Auditors , which becomes an institution of the Community ; and to ensure compliance with Community obligations by giving the European Court of Justice power to impose fines on Governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .
the community has agreed to increase the accountability of european community institutions ; to strengthen the european parliament 's financial control over the commission ; to allow the european parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a community ombudsman accessible to all community citizens ; to build up the role of the court of auditors , which becomes an institution of the community ; and to [make sure] compliance with community obligations by giving the european court of justice power to impose fines on governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .

There is no doubt that the European Community needs to make amendments to its common agricultural policy and to its agricultural policies to ensure that an agreement on the general agreement on tariffs and trade can be reached .
there is no doubt that the european community needs to make amendments to its common agricultural policy and to its agricultural policies to [make sure] that an agreement on the general agreement on tariffs and trade can be reached .

Is not the Prime Minister saying that he has used all the influence that he can muster to ensure that working people in Britain have fewer rights and less protection against bad employers than the rest of Europe ?
is not the prime minister saying that he has used all the influence that he can muster to [make sure] that working people in britain have fewer rights and less protection against bad employers than the rest of europe ?

Is it not clear that one of my right hon. Friend 's most important achievements at Maastricht was to get a clear definition of subsidiarity written into the treaty as a bulwark against creeping competence by the Commission and other Community institutions ? Will he confirm that , once that definition is lawful , it will be possible to ensure that the Community will be able to act on appropriate areas such as trans-border environmental pollution , but on areas where there is no need or justification for action , such as national and fiscal policies , the House will retain its rights ?
is it not clear that one of my right hon. friend 's most important achievements at maastricht was to get a clear definition of subsidiarity written into the treaty as a bulwark against creeping competence by the commission and other community institutions ? will he confirm that , once that definition is lawful , it will be possible to [make sure] that the community will be able to act on appropriate areas such as trans-border environmental pollution , but on areas where there is no need or justification for action , such as national and fiscal policies , the house will retain its rights ?

We will legislate to ensure that the Maxwells , Hansons and Lucases can not raid our occupational pension funds .
we will legislate to [make sure] that the maxwells , hansons and lucases can not raid our occupational pension funds .

Traditionally , every spring , a campaign is launched , but this year we must hold a special campaign to ensure that everybody knows what the way ahead will be .
traditionally , every spring , a campaign is launched , but this year we must hold a special campaign to [make sure] that everybody knows what the way ahead will be .

We must ensure that the territorials have a much more satisfactory and satisfying role in the future and that those who wish to make themselves available in such an emergency have that offer taken up and that they are readily called upon in such times of emergency .
we must [make sure] that the territorials have a much more satisfactory and satisfying role in the future and that those who wish to make themselves available in such an emergency have that offer taken up and that they are readily called upon in such times of emergency .

The first step is to ensure that the waste is disposed of as close to its source as possible .
the first step is to [make sure] that the waste is disposed of as close to its source as possible .

By and large , however , we should try to ensure that waste is dealt with as close as possible to its source .
by and large , however , we should try to [make sure] that waste is dealt with as close as possible to its source .

This requires a comprehensive programme for the development of suitable collection systems and to ensure the creation of reliable and economically valid markets .
this requires a comprehensive programme for the development of suitable collection systems and to [make sure] the creation of reliable and economically valid markets .

Because we are outraged by the conflict in Yugoslavia today , we should be ready for similar things to happen elsewhere in Europe unless we ensure that we set in place institutions to prevent them .
because we are outraged by the conflict in yugoslavia today , we should be ready for similar things to happen elsewhere in europe unless we [make sure] that we set in place institutions to prevent them .

In the end , we shall have to ensure that all laws passed by the Council must also be passed by the Parliament .
in the end , we shall have to [make sure] that all laws passed by the council must also be passed by the parliament .

It is also important for the City to ensure that the central bank and monetary institution come here .
it is also important for the city to [make sure] that the central bank and monetary institution come here .

Furthermore , we want to ensure that those whose appointments are made by the Secretary of State have the appropriate qualifications and experience to fulfil their functions .
furthermore , we want to [make sure] that those whose appointments are made by the secretary of state have the appropriate qualifications and experience to fulfil their functions .

They need to ensure that staff stay within the national health service and do not become disillusioned by a lack of educational opportunity and thus career advancement .
they need to [make sure] that staff stay within the national health service and do not become disillusioned by a lack of educational opportunity and thus career advancement .

We are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the allocation of funding .
we are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to [make sure] adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the allocation of funding .

If the Minister believes that education in nursing is a vital investment in the profession and the nation , she will ensure that those funds remain for education only and will strengthen the Government 's commitment to ring fencing .
if the minister believes that education in nursing is a vital investment in the profession and the nation , she will [make sure] that those funds remain for education only and will strengthen the government 's commitment to ring fencing .

Gentleman ensure that this sort of thing does not happen again ?
gentleman [make sure] that this sort of thing does not happen again ?

Secretaries and Research Assistants , and asks specifically that something be done about the business of the House — that is , that a motion should be put on the Order Paper to ensure that the register is published , as it contains an astounding cross-section of commercial lobbying organisations .
secretaries and research assistants , and asks specifically that something be done about the business of the house — that is , that a motion should be put on the order paper to [make sure] that the register is published , as it contains an astounding cross-section of commercial lobbying organisations .

The first task for Government is to ensure that the security forces have the resources — legal and material — which they need .
the first task for government is to [make sure] that the security forces have the resources — legal and material — which they need .

It is for the security force commanders to ensure that all the resources available to them are used with the maximum effectiveness .
it is for the security force commanders to [make sure] that all the resources available to them are used with the maximum effectiveness .

There is a legitimate expectation that the Government will provide the resources , in terms of both personnel and finance , to ensure the security of all the people of Northern Ireland .
there is a legitimate expectation that the government will provide the resources , in terms of both personnel and finance , to [make sure] the security of all the people of northern ireland .

Friend the Member for Dagenham ( Mr. Gould ) said , the spokesmen got themselves into an even bigger twist over the question whether cost should be the primary basis on which to judge a contract , or whether then to introduce another element so as to ensure that white collar services can be won by the private sector .
friend the member for dagenham ( mr. gould ) said , the spokesmen got themselves into an even bigger twist over the question whether cost should be the primary basis on which to judge a contract , or whether then to introduce another element so as to [make sure] that white collar services can be won by the private sector .

The programme is intended to ensure that people can make profit out of public service rather than to achieve the goals that we see as important for ourselves .
the programme is intended to [make sure] that people can make profit out of public service rather than to achieve the goals that we see as important for ourselves .

What we were looking for in Committee , and what the children 's legal aid centre was looking for , was a declaration that the Government 's signature to the United Nation convention on the rights of the child would be enshrined in the spirit of law in this country and that there would be independent panels that could look after the welfare of the children to ensure that their welfare was the primary consideration .
what we were looking for in committee , and what the children 's legal aid centre was looking for , was a declaration that the government 's signature to the united nation convention on the rights of the child would be enshrined in the spirit of law in this country and that there would be independent panels that could look after the welfare of the children to [make sure] that their welfare was the primary consideration .

These two new clauses are important , and the Government should be able to accept them , because they would ensure a right to independent legal advice and a choice of that advice .
these two new clauses are important , and the government should be able to accept them , because they would [make sure] a right to independent legal advice and a choice of that advice .

Most essential of all for the future assessment of public finance , we must establish a truly independent source of economic statistics to ensure that judgments are not distorted — as they have been under this Government , by political interference in their collection or presentation .
most essential of all for the future assessment of public finance , we must establish a truly independent source of economic statistics to [make sure] that judgments are not distorted — as they have been under this government , by political interference in their collection or presentation .

The benefits of privatisation of the yards and the greatly improved productivity now ensure better value for money for our own defence expenditure and help the yards themselves to compete once again overseas , as the opportunities with Malaysia and Oman have shown .
the benefits of privatisation of the yards and the greatly improved productivity now [make sure] better value for money for our own defence expenditure and help the yards themselves to compete once again overseas , as the opportunities with malaysia and oman have shown .

That is why we must ensure that the contract is properly dealt with — otherwise , the Public Accounts Committee , among other bodies , will have a lot to say .
that is why we must [make sure] that the contract is properly dealt with — otherwise , the public accounts committee , among other bodies , will have a lot to say .

Will the right hon. Gentleman ensure that his Department takes an adequate interest in the subcontracts ? Is he aware that the chain and cable industry in this country is widely accepted as being the best in the world in terms of both technology and workmanship ? Will he ensure that it is not unfairly excluded as a result of the foreign dumping of inferior chain ?
will the right hon. gentleman [make sure] that his department takes an adequate interest in the subcontracts ? is he aware that the chain and cable industry in this country is widely accepted as being the best in the world in terms of both technology and workmanship ? will he [make sure] that it is not unfairly excluded as a result of the foreign dumping of inferior chain ?

We would actively encourage health authorities to ensure that their resources were used effectively .
we would actively encourage health authorities to [make sure] that their resources were used effectively .

While we are on the subject of ’ joining the union of your choice ’ , will he ensure that the security guards who are presently members of the Transport and General Workers Union and the General , Municipal , Boilermakers and Allied Trades Union , employed by the Ministry of Defence , are allowed to continue as members of the union of their choice and are not ordered into another —
while we are on the subject of ’ joining the union of your choice ’ , will he [make sure] that the security guards who are presently members of the transport and general workers union and the general , municipal , boilermakers and allied trades union , employed by the ministry of defence , are allowed to continue as members of the union of their choice and are not ordered into another —

The tube trains are already packed during the rush hour , and there is no proposal in the Bill to ensure that extra services are provided .
the tube trains are already packed during the rush hour , and there is no proposal in the bill to [make sure] that extra services are provided .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that much the most important and immediate task now faced by the international order is to ensure that there is not a quantum leap in the number of countries with access to smaller , tactical and battlefield nuclear weapons and nuclear warheads ? Will he assure us that everything will be done , as a matter of urgency — both by this country and by the Security Council and its agencies — to ensure that that task is tackled , collectively , with the utmost vigour ? Failure now would involve colossal cost later .
does my right hon. friend agree that much the most important and immediate task now faced by the international order is to [make sure] that there is not a quantum leap in the number of countries with access to smaller , tactical and battlefield nuclear weapons and nuclear warheads ? will he assure us that everything will be done , as a matter of urgency — both by this country and by the security council and its agencies — to [make sure] that that task is tackled , collectively , with the utmost vigour ? failure now would involve colossal cost later .

Will the Prime Minister bear in mind the vast quantity of surplus conventional and chemical weaponry held by the former Soviet Union states ? Did he attempt to get undertakings from President Yeltsin that he would use his best endeavours to ensure that they resist the temptation to sell that weaponry to unreliable states in the middle east and elsewhere ?
will the prime minister bear in mind the vast quantity of surplus conventional and chemical weaponry held by the former soviet union states ? did he attempt to get undertakings from president yeltsin that he would use his best endeavours to [make sure] that they resist the temptation to sell that weaponry to unreliable states in the middle east and elsewhere ?

He has met that part of the commitment , but our main concern was to have the legislation drafted in such a way as to ensure that a funding council would be set up .
he has met that part of the commitment , but our main concern was to have the legislation drafted in such a way as to [make sure] that a funding council would be set up .

The new clauses are carefully drafted to ensure that the clear lines of accountability are maintained .
the new clauses are carefully drafted to [make sure] that the clear lines of accountability are maintained .

Those appointments will be based on the need to ensure a strong employer presence and on the basis of the personal qualities , experience and commitment that the individuals bring to the task .
those appointments will be based on the need to [make sure] a strong employer presence and on the basis of the personal qualities , experience and commitment that the individuals bring to the task .

If he will read all our policy , he will find clearly stated our determination to ensure that rural areas are protected against the petrol price rises that the Conservatives , Labour , and my own party recognise are otherwise inevitable in due course to protect the environment .
if he will read all our policy , he will find clearly stated our determination to [make sure] that rural areas are protected against the petrol price rises that the conservatives , labour , and my own party recognise are otherwise inevitable in due course to protect the environment .

The Tory party has not said that it would ensure that rural areas do not suffer disproportionately as a result .
the tory party has not said that it would [make sure] that rural areas do not suffer disproportionately as a result .

We intend to ensure that the Bill passes speedily .
we intend to [make sure] that the bill passes speedily .

The purpose of the timetable motion is to structure the debate during the Committee stage to ensure that sufficient time is devoted to all the elements requiring detailed consideration .
the purpose of the timetable motion is to structure the debate during the committee stage to [make sure] that sufficient time is devoted to all the elements requiring detailed consideration .

One is that we should try to ensure that all parts of a measure are debated .
one is that we should try to [make sure] that all parts of a measure are debated .

Member for Denton and Reddish ( Mr. Bennett ) suggested that we need to ensure a proper amount of time for outside organisations to lobby the House .
member for denton and reddish ( mr. bennett ) suggested that we need to [make sure] a proper amount of time for outside organisations to lobby the house .

They are right to impose a timetable at the start of the Committee stage to ensure that all parts of the Bill are properly dealt with .
they are right to impose a timetable at the start of the committee stage to [make sure] that all parts of the bill are properly dealt with .

It is important to ensure that the trustees of the four galleries have the powers to underpin that future .
it is important to [make sure] that the trustees of the four galleries have the powers to underpin that future .

Tom was on his way to the manor farm to ensure all was well there .
tom was on his way to the manor farm to [make sure] all was well there .

Indeed , it would help to ensure the success of his plans .
indeed , it would help to [make sure] the success of his plans .

In the event of Christian 's death he would not only become the outright owner of Handley Farm , but Christian intended leaving him sufficient money to ensure he did not have to part with the farm in the foreseeable future .
in the event of christian 's death he would not only become the outright owner of handley farm , but christian intended leaving him sufficient money to [make sure] he did not have to part with the farm in the foreseeable future .

We shall certainly keep in close touch with the Cornish ambulance service and , of course , with every other ambulance service to ensure that they match response times and put to good use our investment in the ambulance service .
we shall certainly keep in close touch with the cornish ambulance service and , of course , with every other ambulance service to [make sure] that they match response times and put to good use our investment in the ambulance service .

The change will need careful management to ensure that the major gains for patients that will come from it are properly realised .
the change will need careful management to [make sure] that the major gains for patients that will come from it are properly realised .

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that this is the first time that any Government have introduced a genuine patients charter of rights ? Secondly , does he agree that the quickest way to ensure longer waiting lists , unreasonable behaviour and hospitals again being run by unions rather than by consultants is for power to be given to the Labour party ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that this is the first time that any government have introduced a genuine patients charter of rights ? secondly , does he agree that the quickest way to [make sure] longer waiting lists , unreasonable behaviour and hospitals again being run by unions rather than by consultants is for power to be given to the labour party ?

The most effective way of ensuring that there is investment in this or any other country is to ensure that we have low inflation and the right economic environment .
the most effective way of ensuring that there is investment in this or any other country is to [make sure] that we have low inflation and the right economic environment .

Friend agree that the best and most subtle way to prevent such attacks is to ensure that the British people know that they have a Government who are taking the steps necessary to keep firm control of immigration and particularly to prevent people from abusing our immigration rules by entering this country under the bogus concept of being political refugees ?
friend agree that the best and most subtle way to prevent such attacks is to [make sure] that the british people know that they have a government who are taking the steps necessary to keep firm control of immigration and particularly to prevent people from abusing our immigration rules by entering this country under the bogus concept of being political refugees ?

We propose to deal with abuses and to ensure that asylum seekers have the free legal advice that they need .
we propose to deal with abuses and to [make sure] that asylum seekers have the free legal advice that they need .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that , if justice is to be seen to be done , it is far better for it to be dispensed closer to the community in which the crime took place ? Will he join me in saluting the work done by some of the small magistrates courts in west Norfolk , such as those in Hunstanton and Fakenham , and does he agree that every effort should be made to ensure that they stay open ?
does my right hon. friend agree that , if justice is to be seen to be done , it is far better for it to be dispensed closer to the community in which the crime took place ? will he join me in saluting the work done by some of the small magistrates courts in west norfolk , such as those in hunstanton and fakenham , and does he agree that every effort should be made to [make sure] that they stay open ?

The hon. Gentleman should know that advertising money is being spent and electoral registration officers are working hard to ensure that their electoral registers are up to date and accurate .
the hon. gentleman should know that advertising money is being spent and electoral registration officers are working hard to [make sure] that their electoral registers are up to date and accurate .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the Government 's proposals to introduce powers to prevent local authorities from excessive spending by means of capping will be very well received by all those in Labour-controlled authorities who have to put up with excessive tax bills ? Does my right hon. Friend agree also that those people will not welcome the pledge that was given from the Opposition Benches yesterday to ensure that high-spending Labour authorities can go with gay abandon to yet higher spending ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the government 's proposals to introduce powers to prevent local authorities from excessive spending by means of capping will be very well received by all those in labour-controlled authorities who have to put up with excessive tax bills ? does my right hon. friend agree also that those people will not welcome the pledge that was given from the opposition benches yesterday to [make sure] that high-spending labour authorities can go with gay abandon to yet higher spending ?

Is the Lord President aware that , at the end of last week , the Secretary of State for the Environment and the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry warmly welcomed the Government committee report recommending , among other environmental measures , an increase in petrol tax ? They have referred that recommendation to the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Will he ensure before the Budget that , in any such conservation measure , account is taken of the needs of rural areas where —
is the lord president aware that , at the end of last week , the secretary of state for the environment and the secretary of state for trade and industry warmly welcomed the government committee report recommending , among other environmental measures , an increase in petrol tax ? they have referred that recommendation to the chancellor of the exchequer . will he [make sure] before the budget that , in any such conservation measure , account is taken of the needs of rural areas where —

Does the Minister accept that it is no good being eligible for a mandatory award if it is then not paid ? What steps is he taking to ensure that this year local authorities such as Southwark , which a week or two ago had paid less than one fifth of its mandatory grant cheques to eligible students , pay up , so as to minimise student hardship ? And what will he do to ensure that in future years the system pays up at the beginning of the year , not a third of the way through it or later ?
does the minister accept that it is no good being eligible for a mandatory award if it is then not paid ? what steps is he taking to [make sure] that this year local authorities such as southwark , which a week or two ago had paid less than one fifth of its mandatory grant cheques to eligible students , pay up , so as to minimise student hardship ? and what will he do to [make sure] that in future years the system pays up at the beginning of the year , not a third of the way through it or later ?

Will my hon. Friend confirm the Government 's total commitment to adult education and its comparative cheapness in providing excellent courses for so many people ? In particular , will he confirm that the Government see leisure courses and non-vocational courses as being equal in value to vocational courses and will they ensure funding for all ?
will my hon. friend confirm the government 's total commitment to adult education and its comparative cheapness in providing excellent courses for so many people ? in particular , will he confirm that the government see leisure courses and non-vocational courses as being equal in value to vocational courses and will they [make sure] funding for all ?

Gentleman knows that we are determined to sustain adult education , to extend it and to ensure that it is properly based in the local community .
gentleman knows that we are determined to sustain adult education , to extend it and to [make sure] that it is properly based in the local community .

Is my hon. Friend aware that the tyranny that controls education in Nottinghamshire holds back £10 or more for each and every child above that national average , that it is somewhere around two thirds of the way down the merit table for putting resources where they belong — at the school — and sits on about £3 million at the centre , which is the same as holding back £5,000 for every school in the county ? Does that not prove that we need the parents charter ? Will my hon. Friend ensure that every parent in the county gets one ?
is my hon. friend aware that the tyranny that controls education in nottinghamshire holds back £10 or more for each and every child above that national average , that it is somewhere around two thirds of the way down the merit table for putting resources where they belong — at the school — and sits on about £3 million at the centre , which is the same as holding back £5,000 for every school in the county ? does that not prove that we need the parents charter ? will my hon. friend [make sure] that every parent in the county gets one ?

My hon. Friend will be aware of the concern of my constituents who work at the Royal Navy workshop at Almondbank because of the present review of helicopter servicing . Will my hon. Friend assure my constituents and the House that the Conservative party and Ministers in Scotland are fighting to ensure that that workshop , which has a record of excellence and can carry out plating work which saves the Government millions of pounds on buying replacement parts , will continue because of its record and not for sentimental reasons ?
my hon. friend will be aware of the concern of my constituents who work at the royal navy workshop at almondbank because of the present review of helicopter servicing . will my hon. friend assure my constituents and the house that the conservative party and ministers in scotland are fighting to [make sure] that that workshop , which has a record of excellence and can carry out plating work which saves the government millions of pounds on buying replacement parts , will continue because of its record and not for sentimental reasons ?

Can he comment on the co-operation between the Province and the Republic in marketing the whole island of Ireland to ensure that even more overseas visitors come to that beautiful country ?
can he comment on the co-operation between the province and the republic in marketing the whole island of ireland to [make sure] that even more overseas visitors come to that beautiful country ?

Given the creditable support that the Minister has previously given to integrated education in Northern Ireland , will he ensure that provision is made within the citizens charter to develop integrated education and to facilitate the opportunity for children in Northern Ireland to enter such education ? Is not that the best investment that we can make in the long-term future for that troubled area ?
given the creditable support that the minister has previously given to integrated education in northern ireland , will he [make sure] that provision is made within the citizens charter to develop integrated education and to facilitate the opportunity for children in northern ireland to enter such education ? is not that the best investment that we can make in the long-term future for that troubled area ?

Will he ensure that at that poverty level , those additional 400,000 pensioners are informed of their rights to claim income support so that they can at the very least receive what little is due to them under this Government ?
will he [make sure] that at that poverty level , those additional 400,000 pensioners are informed of their rights to claim income support so that they can at the very least receive what little is due to them under this government ?

My right hon. Friend will know that reserve aeroplanes can not simply be trundled out of a hangar and launched into the air . What provision is my right hon. Friend making to ensure that there will be enough reserve air and ground crews to fly and maintain those aeroplanes in an emergency ?
my right hon. friend will know that reserve aeroplanes can not simply be trundled out of a hangar and launched into the air . what provision is my right hon. friend making to [make sure] that there will be enough reserve air and ground crews to fly and maintain those aeroplanes in an emergency ?

It is a wise precaution to ensure that we continue to have the nuclear deterrent which has served us so well in the past .
it is a wise precaution to [make sure] that we continue to have the nuclear deterrent which has served us so well in the past .

When my right hon. Friend considers how different regiments have merged , will he take into account , rather than discourage , the concept of the big regiment and ensure that in future the Army is organised in big regiments ?
when my right hon. friend considers how different regiments have merged , will he take into account , rather than discourage , the concept of the big regiment and [make sure] that in future the army is organised in big regiments ?

For that reason , we are making the best use of married quarters to ensure that people are not forced into such temporary accommodation .
for that reason , we are making the best use of married quarters to [make sure] that people are not forced into such temporary accommodation .

The need for Government action to ensure that sufficient ships remain on the British register to meet defence needs is under consideration .
the need for government action to [make sure] that sufficient ships remain on the british register to meet defence needs is under consideration .

Both at home and abroad , the intention is to ensure that the people who are entitled to vote are aware of that fact .
both at home and abroad , the intention is to [make sure] that the people who are entitled to vote are aware of that fact .

The Minister will be aware that one of the most serious problems affecting the economies of central and eastern Europe is an energy shortage , which is mainly due to the destruction of hydrocarbon supplies from the Soviet Union . Will she ensure that all encouragement is given to the undoubted expertise in oil and gas exploration and technology in this country to aid the Romanians to revive their ailing oil and gas industries ?
the minister will be aware that one of the most serious problems affecting the economies of central and eastern europe is an energy shortage , which is mainly due to the destruction of hydrocarbon supplies from the soviet union . will she [make sure] that all encouragement is given to the undoubted expertise in oil and gas exploration and technology in this country to aid the romanians to revive their ailing oil and gas industries ?

The declaration vehemently condemned the violence and urged the Indonesian Government to ensure that members of the Indonesian armed forces and police in East Timor refrained immediately from using violence , and that members of the armed forces and police who were responsible should be brought to trial .
the declaration vehemently condemned the violence and urged the indonesian government to [make sure] that members of the indonesian armed forces and police in east timor refrained immediately from using violence , and that members of the armed forces and police who were responsible should be brought to trial .

When the Community came to consider the application , one of the things that it would wish to ensure was that the benefit of the membership would be available to the whole community .
when the community came to consider the application , one of the things that it would wish to [make sure] was that the benefit of the membership would be available to the whole community .

Countries must also be willing to move towards multi-party democracy , and to ensure that there is a chance for dialogue to take place .
countries must also be willing to move towards multi-party democracy , and to [make sure] that there is a chance for dialogue to take place .

Is the Minister aware that the occupational apartheid that exists in this country is clearly the result of over-costly and inadequate child care facilities and inflexible and unsatisfactory training provision ? Precisely what do the Government intend to do to ensure that mature women have access to the proper sort of training and the necessary child care to allow them to play their full role in the labour market ?
is the minister aware that the occupational apartheid that exists in this country is clearly the result of over-costly and inadequate child care facilities and inflexible and unsatisfactory training provision ? precisely what do the government intend to do to [make sure] that mature women have access to the proper sort of training and the necessary child care to allow them to play their full role in the labour market ?

It is one of the ways in which we ensure that , so far as possible , people are better off in work than out of work .
it is one of the ways in which we [make sure] that , so far as possible , people are better off in work than out of work .

What action will the Government take to ensure that home workers obtain well-paid , reasonable employment — or does the Minister intend to revel in the Christmas season while home workers can not afford to do so ?
what action will the government take to [make sure] that home workers obtain well-paid , reasonable employment — or does the minister intend to revel in the christmas season while home workers can not afford to do so ?

The Minister is probably aware that the additional cost of living in inner London is more than £4,000 per year and in outer London more than £3,500 per year . Given that the private sector median allowance is £1,500 extra in inner London and £1,000 extra in outer London , will the Government ensure that their public sector pay policy follows the private sector and that they compensate people who work in London for the substantial additional cost of living in London ?
the minister is probably aware that the additional cost of living in inner london is more than £4,000 per year and in outer london more than £3,500 per year . given that the private sector median allowance is £1,500 extra in inner london and £1,000 extra in outer london , will the government [make sure] that their public sector pay policy follows the private sector and that they compensate people who work in london for the substantial additional cost of living in london ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the key to short-termism can often be found in the contracts which senior executives and directors write for themselves , concentrating on achieving short-term profit objectives to sustain a share price ? Does he agree that there is an important role in publicly quoted company board rooms for non-executive directors to ensure that companies ' long-term interests are reflected in management agreements with senior executives ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the key to short-termism can often be found in the contracts which senior executives and directors write for themselves , concentrating on achieving short-term profit objectives to sustain a share price ? does he agree that there is an important role in publicly quoted company board rooms for non-executive directors to [make sure] that companies ' long-term interests are reflected in management agreements with senior executives ?

He should stop shilly-shallying around and mucking about and ensure that that £100 million of our money is released to our coal mining areas .
he should stop shilly-shallying around and mucking about and [make sure] that that £100 million of our money is released to our coal mining areas .

Such is the hostility of Conservative Members to Europe that it is quite mind-boggling . Does the Minister also share Sir Leon 's view that such a scheme should include non-sterling deposits ? In the aftermath of the Bingham inquiry , will he ensure that there is a full review of the second banking directive ?
such is the hostility of conservative members to europe that it is quite mind-boggling . does the minister also share sir leon 's view that such a scheme should include non-sterling deposits ? in the aftermath of the bingham inquiry , will he [make sure] that there is a full review of the second banking directive ?

Does my hon. Friend accept that high interest rates are a disincentive to investment ? Instead of indulging in sterile exchanges of statistics across the Chamber , should not the House decide whether the level of investment in this country is adequate to ensure that our manufacturing base can compete against other countries ? How does the level of investment in this country compare with that of our major competitors ?
does my hon. friend accept that high interest rates are a disincentive to investment ? instead of indulging in sterile exchanges of statistics across the chamber , should not the house decide whether the level of investment in this country is adequate to [make sure] that our manufacturing base can compete against other countries ? how does the level of investment in this country compare with that of our major competitors ?

Does the Secretary of State agree that there is a danger that the number of patients per doctor might have an effect on the eventual standard of treatment that patients receive ? Is he carefully watching the changes that are taking place to ensure that the number of patients per doctor conforms with the ability to supply a good service ?
does the secretary of state agree that there is a danger that the number of patients per doctor might have an effect on the eventual standard of treatment that patients receive ? is he carefully watching the changes that are taking place to [make sure] that the number of patients per doctor conforms with the ability to supply a good service ?

Does the Minister accept that those vitally important services that she described depend not only on her own Department , but on the Department of Social Services , on the Department of the Environment in respect of local government , on the Scottish Office and on the Welsh Office ? Given the importance of those services from 1993 , in the context of care in the community , will the Minister undertake an in-depth review to ensure adequate budgets for those services to ensure that there is no shortfall thereafter ?
does the minister accept that those vitally important services that she described depend not only on her own department , but on the department of social services , on the department of the environment in respect of local government , on the scottish office and on the welsh office ? given the importance of those services from 1993 , in the context of care in the community , will the minister undertake an in-depth review to [make sure] adequate budgets for those services to [make sure] that there is no shortfall thereafter ?

If the individual is to receive a seamless service , effective co-operation at local level is essential to ensure that the frail and vulnerable receive help from suitable services and health authorities , with the assistance of housing authorities .
if the individual is to receive a seamless service , effective co-operation at local level is essential to [make sure] that the frail and vulnerable receive help from suitable services and health authorities , with the assistance of housing authorities .

Will he for the first time publicly endorse those negotiations and wish them well ? Will he ensure that his Ministers are actively involved in getting the best possible settlement for those who have suffered and who are the real victims of this awful tragedy ?
will he for the first time publicly endorse those negotiations and wish them well ? will he [make sure] that his ministers are actively involved in getting the best possible settlement for those who have suffered and who are the real victims of this awful tragedy ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that his proposals are welcome , but that the sooner the uncertainty is removed the better ? By what date does he believe that the reform of local government will be complete ? Will he do his utmost to ensure that it is as quick as possible ?
does my right hon. friend agree that his proposals are welcome , but that the sooner the uncertainty is removed the better ? by what date does he believe that the reform of local government will be complete ? will he do his utmost to [make sure] that it is as quick as possible ?

Would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the regulation which the Commission says are defective and deal with Crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? That would test whether Oxleas wood , Twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of European law .
would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the regulation which the commission says are defective and deal with crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and [make sure] that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? that would test whether oxleas wood , twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of european law .

Do we not owe it to community charge payers in each of those areas to ensure that the best value is obtained for their money and that they get the most efficient service ?
do we not owe it to community charge payers in each of those areas to [make sure] that the best value is obtained for their money and that they get the most efficient service ?

Will my right hon. Friend take time today to congratulate those who are running successful neighbourhood watch schemes in Dartford ? Does he agree that neighbourhood watches can be deemed only an aid to proper policing , in terms of numbers and police efficiency ? Will my right hon. Friend intervene with the chairman of Kent police authority to ensure that Dartford has its fair share of the new allocation of extra manpower for the county of Kent ?
will my right hon. friend take time today to congratulate those who are running successful neighbourhood watch schemes in dartford ? does he agree that neighbourhood watches can be deemed only an aid to proper policing , in terms of numbers and police efficiency ? will my right hon. friend intervene with the chairman of kent police authority to [make sure] that dartford has its fair share of the new allocation of extra manpower for the county of kent ?

Is my hon. Friend aware that the chief constable of the West Riding and one of his policemen wrote to me recently to say that there are no outstanding matters with the Home Office and that they welcome the £3.16 million to fight crime and the refurbishment and establishment of new police stations in Bradford , Leeds and Pontefract ? Will my hon. Friend do his best to ensure that constituents and police combine to spend the extra resources wisely ?
is my hon. friend aware that the chief constable of the west riding and one of his policemen wrote to me recently to say that there are no outstanding matters with the home office and that they welcome the £3.16 million to fight crime and the refurbishment and establishment of new police stations in bradford , leeds and pontefract ? will my hon. friend do his best to [make sure] that constituents and police combine to spend the extra resources wisely ?

Will the Prime Minister confirm that neither he nor the Chancellor of the Exchequer has taken any action to ensure that the European central bank is located in Britain ? Does he now agree that it should be based in Manchester ?
will the prime minister confirm that neither he nor the chancellor of the exchequer has taken any action to [make sure] that the european central bank is located in britain ? does he now agree that it should be based in manchester ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that Nuclear Electric 's half-year results confirm a long-term future for nuclear power ? It is not important that we keep together the teams that will ensure that the nuclear power construction industry will continue in the future ?
does my right hon. friend agree that nuclear electric 's half-year results confirm a long-term future for nuclear power ? it is not important that we keep together the teams that will [make sure] that the nuclear power construction industry will continue in the future ?

Many of the reserves that were not then technically capable of being produced economically will come on stream and , in my view , will ensure that we are a major oil producer until well into the next century .
many of the reserves that were not then technically capable of being produced economically will come on stream and , in my view , will [make sure] that we are a major oil producer until well into the next century .

Will the hon. Gentleman give an assurance , which is urgently needed on Merseyside , that every effort will be made to ensure that contracts for Irish sea exploration are given to firms in the north-west of England in general and to Merseyside in particular ?
will the hon. gentleman give an assurance , which is urgently needed on merseyside , that every effort will be made to [make sure] that contracts for irish sea exploration are given to firms in the north-west of england in general and to merseyside in particular ?

To ensure that individual students were not losers under the system , access funds were distributed to higher education institutions for them to use at their discretion to help students in particular need .
to [make sure] that individual students were not losers under the system , access funds were distributed to higher education institutions for them to use at their discretion to help students in particular need .

In the context of the Bill , we will ensure that more adult education is available locally , and that it is of better quality .
in the context of the bill , we will [make sure] that more adult education is available locally , and that it is of better quality .

It is important for those who are rightly keen to ensure the provision of plenty of adult education of an appropriate standard to address their concerns to the education authorities .
it is important for those who are rightly keen to [make sure] the provision of plenty of adult education of an appropriate standard to address their concerns to the education authorities .

In 1909 , Winston Churchill , talking about workers ' rights , said that there were necessary laws to be passed to ensure that the bad employer was not undercut by the very worst . Is not that why other Governments and employers across Europe understand well today that the Government are reneging on that and wish this country to undercut others by treating workers in the worst way possible ?
in 1909 , winston churchill , talking about workers ' rights , said that there were necessary laws to be passed to [make sure] that the bad employer was not undercut by the very worst . is not that why other governments and employers across europe understand well today that the government are reneging on that and wish this country to undercut others by treating workers in the worst way possible ?

If so , will he ensure that a police officer accompanies every military patrol whenever humanly possible ? Will he also consider , as a provisional measure , initiating steps which would enable a magistrate or judge to supervise the interrogation of a defendant charged with a terrorist offence ?
if so , will he [make sure] that a police officer accompanies every military patrol whenever humanly possible ? will he also consider , as a provisional measure , initiating steps which would enable a magistrate or judge to supervise the interrogation of a defendant charged with a terrorist offence ?

The Government , police and military authorities are committed to ensure that , where feasible and sensible — the hon .
the government , police and military authorities are committed to [make sure] that , where feasible and sensible — the hon .

Gentleman pointed out , we made new arrangements on 5 November to ensure that income support payments can be paid directly to the lender .
gentleman pointed out , we made new arrangements on 5 november to [make sure] that income support payments can be paid directly to the lender .

Gentleman realise that our competitors in Europe and elsewhere will ensure that whatever happens to future orders their defence industries will be compensated by alternative diversification ?
gentleman realise that our competitors in europe and elsewhere will [make sure] that whatever happens to future orders their defence industries will be compensated by alternative diversification ?

My right hon. Friend will no doubt be aware of the importance of British Aerospace as a major employer in the defence industry in the north-west . Will he accept its deep gratitude for the way in which his officials are explaining his Department 's needs so as to ensure that the right commercial decisions are made about the markets to go for in future ?
my right hon. friend will no doubt be aware of the importance of british aerospace as a major employer in the defence industry in the north-west . will he accept its deep gratitude for the way in which his officials are explaining his department 's needs so as to [make sure] that the right commercial decisions are made about the markets to go for in future ?

To ensure that the best return is achieved for the taxpayer , it is our normal policy to offer property not needed by the services for sale on the open market .
to [make sure] that the best return is achieved for the taxpayer , it is our normal policy to offer property not needed by the services for sale on the open market .

Where the Ministry of Defence has occupied land for generations or even for centuries , will my hon. Friend ensure that in disposing of it the Ministry will work as closely as possible with local authorities to ensure that it is developed consistently in accordance with the wishes of local people ?
where the ministry of defence has occupied land for generations or even for centuries , will my hon. friend [make sure] that in disposing of it the ministry will work as closely as possible with local authorities to [make sure] that it is developed consistently in accordance with the wishes of local people ?

It is vital that we preserve our own independent nuclear deterrent as protection against nuclear blackmail ; it is equally important that we take every possible step — as we are doing — to ensure that the process of rapid political change , and the change of authority that has taken place in what was the Soviet Union , do not lead to a more dangerous situation in regard to the present control and authority over nuclear weapons .
it is vital that we preserve our own independent nuclear deterrent as protection against nuclear blackmail ; it is equally important that we take every possible step — as we are doing — to [make sure] that the process of rapid political change , and the change of authority that has taken place in what was the soviet union , do not lead to a more dangerous situation in regard to the present control and authority over nuclear weapons .

Our aim is to ensure that we become more efficient and enhance the effectiveness of our sharp end research .
our aim is to [make sure] that we become more efficient and enhance the effectiveness of our sharp end research .

As the Minister reconsiders the regular-reserve mix of the Royal Navy , as he promised on 10 December , will he ensure that a proper study of task threats is completed and will he create a supplementary list of personnel whom it is planned to axe until that review of task threats is complete ?
as the minister reconsiders the regular-reserve mix of the royal navy , as he promised on 10 december , will he [make sure] that a proper study of task threats is completed and will he create a supplementary list of personnel whom it is planned to axe until that review of task threats is complete ?

Will the Minister ensure that before the review is completed we shall be able to have adequate information so that we can determine the implications for the various areas and for particular bases which are under threat ? Will he give an undertaking today to give us information on recruitment levels , retention levels and the position of one base as compared with another before such a report is produced ?
will the minister [make sure] that before the review is completed we shall be able to have adequate information so that we can determine the implications for the various areas and for particular bases which are under threat ? will he give an undertaking today to give us information on recruitment levels , retention levels and the position of one base as compared with another before such a report is produced ?

At a time when the largest nuclear power in the world is in the process of disintegration into separate republics , when that massive nuclear arsenal is under some central control of the remaining central authorities , and when our keen concern is to ensure that that security is real , it seems absolutely unthinkable that we should not have our own protection and the ultimate assurance of an independent deterrent .
at a time when the largest nuclear power in the world is in the process of disintegration into separate republics , when that massive nuclear arsenal is under some central control of the remaining central authorities , and when our keen concern is to [make sure] that that security is real , it seems absolutely unthinkable that we should not have our own protection and the ultimate assurance of an independent deterrent .

What is a farce , a tragic farce , is the Government 's record — a Government who came to power to provide a property-owning democracy and ended with a debt-ridden recession . Since , because of the right hon. Gentleman 's policies , the building societies stand to lose £1 billion because of mortgage repossessions and since local authorities are having to spend £500 million on bed-and-breakfast and temporary accommodation , does not the Prime Minister think that the rescue mortgage scheme that we have promoted would be the effective way to ensure not only the relief of misery for scores of thousands of families , but that at least he did the honourable thing by his victims ?
what is a farce , a tragic farce , is the government 's record — a government who came to power to provide a property-owning democracy and ended with a debt-ridden recession . since , because of the right hon. gentleman 's policies , the building societies stand to lose £1 billion because of mortgage repossessions and since local authorities are having to spend £500 million on bed-and-breakfast and temporary accommodation , does not the prime minister think that the rescue mortgage scheme that we have promoted would be the effective way to [make sure] not only the relief of misery for scores of thousands of families , but that at least he did the honourable thing by his victims ?

Will my right hon. Friend consider legislation to ensure that those traditional criteria are adhered to in future to stop this cyclical problem arising every so many years ?
will my right hon. friend consider legislation to [make sure] that those traditional criteria are adhered to in future to stop this cyclical problem arising every so many years ?

What can the British Government do , both bilaterally and in the European Community , to ensure that the national rights of the Albanians and of the other nations in Yugoslavia are fully taken into account in the whole bloody mess ?
what can the british government do , both bilaterally and in the european community , to [make sure] that the national rights of the albanians and of the other nations in yugoslavia are fully taken into account in the whole bloody mess ?

While the Secretary of State has tried to assure the House about the problems and implications of recognition of Croatia , will he try once more to reassure us about that recognition ? Does it refer to territory already held by the Croatians or does it apply to old frontiers which are up for grabs ? If it is the latter , how will Britain ensure or guarantee that the old or new boundaries are enforced ?
while the secretary of state has tried to assure the house about the problems and implications of recognition of croatia , will he try once more to reassure us about that recognition ? does it refer to territory already held by the croatians or does it apply to old frontiers which are up for grabs ? if it is the latter , how will britain [make sure] or guarantee that the old or new boundaries are enforced ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what steps he is taking to ensure that known international terrorists do not receive any support from countries in the middle east with which the United Kingdom maintains diplomatic relations .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what steps he is taking to [make sure] that known international terrorists do not receive any support from countries in the middle east with which the united kingdom maintains diplomatic relations .

Is my right hon. Friend happy that the monitoring systems in Bolsover are as good as those in my constituency ? There are a number of petrochemical plants in my constituency , as well as the Rechem International plant , which disposes of toxic waste , where Her Majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the local district authority carry out extensive monitoring . What additional monitoring does my right hon. Friend 's Department carry out to ensure that toxic emissions can not enter the food chain ?
is my right hon. friend happy that the monitoring systems in bolsover are as good as those in my constituency ? there are a number of petrochemical plants in my constituency , as well as the rechem international plant , which disposes of toxic waste , where her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the local district authority carry out extensive monitoring . what additional monitoring does my right hon. friend 's department carry out to [make sure] that toxic emissions can not enter the food chain ?

My job is to ensure that dioxin does not enter the food chain and we have a full programme of surveys to ensure that that does not happen .
my job is to [make sure] that dioxin does not enter the food chain and we have a full programme of surveys to [make sure] that that does not happen .

We are consulting others on systems to ensure that consumers have a proper choice when buying eggs and other foodstuffs .
we are consulting others on systems to [make sure] that consumers have a proper choice when buying eggs and other foodstuffs .

This is an area where extensive work needs to be done to ensure that the consumer is not misled because of the plethora of terms that are applied .
this is an area where extensive work needs to be done to [make sure] that the consumer is not misled because of the plethora of terms that are applied .

Does the Minister also accept that , in considering agriculture , it is crucial to bear in mind the responsibility of all involved in the food chain , from production to consumption , to ensure that at all times consumers get good , healthy , pure products at the best possible price ?
does the minister also accept that , in considering agriculture , it is crucial to bear in mind the responsibility of all involved in the food chain , from production to consumption , to [make sure] that at all times consumers get good , healthy , pure products at the best possible price ?

Our aim is to ensure that food is wholesome , of high quality and produced as economically as possible and to ensure that , not only in the United Kingdom but in the export market , people have the benefits of an outstanding product .
our aim is to [make sure] that food is wholesome , of high quality and produced as economically as possible and to [make sure] that , not only in the united kingdom but in the export market , people have the benefits of an outstanding product .

We must ensure that that balance exists .
we must [make sure] that that balance exists .

Is my right hon. and learned Friend aware how welcome the prospect of bus deregulation in London is , with the likelihood of improved services and of getting more people back on buses ? Will he take steps to ensure that buses have greater priority over other road users and to eliminate one of the major causes of road congestion in London — the long time that it takes to get passengers loaded on to one-man operated buses because drivers have to give change to passengers ?
is my right hon. and learned friend aware how welcome the prospect of bus deregulation in london is , with the likelihood of improved services and of getting more people back on buses ? will he take steps to [make sure] that buses have greater priority over other road users and to eliminate one of the major causes of road congestion in london — the long time that it takes to get passengers loaded on to one-man operated buses because drivers have to give change to passengers ?

One reason why we accepted the investment that London Underground told the Monopolies and Mergers Commission was necessary was to ensure that , in years to come , there would be the rolling stock to meet the problems to which the hon .
one reason why we accepted the investment that london underground told the monopolies and mergers commission was necessary was to [make sure] that , in years to come , there would be the rolling stock to meet the problems to which the hon .

Will he use the facilities of the European Community to ensure that ships that are manned and owned by France , for example , obey the new rules as quickly as possible ?
will he use the facilities of the european community to [make sure] that ships that are manned and owned by france , for example , obey the new rules as quickly as possible ?

Will my hon. Friend confirm that 96 per cent . of phone boxes now work and that phone call charges have been cut faster in this country than in any other country , thanks to the Government 's privatisation policy ? Will he ensure that there is more competition in both phone and postal services , and will he bear in mind the excellent postal service provided in my constituency by Document Interlink Ltd ?
will my hon. friend confirm that 96 per cent . of phone boxes now work and that phone call charges have been cut faster in this country than in any other country , thanks to the government 's privatisation policy ? will he [make sure] that there is more competition in both phone and postal services , and will he bear in mind the excellent postal service provided in my constituency by document interlink ltd ?

There is another point : the additionality test is to ensure that the moneys are spent only because of the grant .
there is another point : the additionality test is to [make sure] that the moneys are spent only because of the grant .

At the end of the day , however , we must ensure that the House retains control of public expenditure .
at the end of the day , however , we must [make sure] that the house retains control of public expenditure .

Will my right hon. Friend ensure that the message goes out from British trade missions throughout the United States to American firms contemplating investing in Britain that we operate an open free market economy with low taxation and that we have no intention of introducing unnecessary social costs which would make business less competitive ? Will my right hon. Friend ensure that that message is made known throughout the American business community ?
will my right hon. friend [make sure] that the message goes out from british trade missions throughout the united states to american firms contemplating investing in britain that we operate an open free market economy with low taxation and that we have no intention of introducing unnecessary social costs which would make business less competitive ? will my right hon. friend [make sure] that that message is made known throughout the american business community ?

Will my hon. Friend ensure that , in areas of Devon and Cornwall where unemployment reaches levels as high as those in similar areas of Scotland and Wales , similar benefits under the Industrial Development Act 1982 will be available , as they are not at present ?
will my hon. friend [make sure] that , in areas of devon and cornwall where unemployment reaches levels as high as those in similar areas of scotland and wales , similar benefits under the industrial development act 1982 will be available , as they are not at present ?

We shall ensure that the map is drawn objectively .
we shall [make sure] that the map is drawn objectively .

It is very important , therefore , that the Conservative Government continue in power to ensure that the climate remains favourable for the attraction of the lion 's share of foreign investment into the European Community .
it is very important , therefore , that the conservative government continue in power to [make sure] that the climate remains favourable for the attraction of the lion 's share of foreign investment into the european community .

The Minister will not be surprised to learn that my question concerns the regulatory environment of British Steel , in which the Government hold the golden share . Are the Government prepared to exercise their right , as the holders of that share , to ensure that British Steel agrees to implement its promise that it would either stay at Ravenscraig or sell the plant to somebody else ?
the minister will not be surprised to learn that my question concerns the regulatory environment of british steel , in which the government hold the golden share . are the government prepared to exercise their right , as the holders of that share , to [make sure] that british steel agrees to implement its promise that it would either stay at ravenscraig or sell the plant to somebody else ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry what steps he intends to take to ensure that British firms are able to obtain political risk insurance with speed and on terms that enable them to compete on equal terms with their international competitors .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry what steps he intends to take to [make sure] that british firms are able to obtain political risk insurance with speed and on terms that enable them to compete on equal terms with their international competitors .

Labour will ensure that the 3 million people on the pile of human misery known as the dole queue will be given a chance to work and to provide tax and insurance .
labour will [make sure] that the 3 million people on the pile of human misery known as the dole queue will be given a chance to work and to provide tax and insurance .

One key way of protecting ourselves in future is to ensure that the premiums charged fully reflect the risks that the country has to take on in allowing such cover to go forward .
one key way of protecting ourselves in future is to [make sure] that the premiums charged fully reflect the risks that the country has to take on in allowing such cover to go forward .

Will he ensure that , when the inquiry is completed , its findings will be published for the benefit of all concerned in Gwynedd ?
will he [make sure] that , when the inquiry is completed , its findings will be published for the benefit of all concerned in gwynedd ?

The health authority has made it clear that it is initiating an inquiry to establish the levels of staffing and back-up staffing that are necessary to ensure that there are no shortages .
the health authority has made it clear that it is initiating an inquiry to establish the levels of staffing and back-up staffing that are necessary to [make sure] that there are no shortages .

Gentleman asked for a change of policy that would ensure that , before people were discharged from long-stay hospitals , proper provision was made for them in the community .
gentleman asked for a change of policy that would [make sure] that , before people were discharged from long-stay hospitals , proper provision was made for them in the community .

Is he aware that that progress has been made not merely because of the skill of the consultants and of the nursing staff but because of the way they work together as a team ? Therefore , will he ensure that the district health authority does not break up that team in order to move it to Telford to try to keep an under-used district general hospital busy ?
is he aware that that progress has been made not merely because of the skill of the consultants and of the nursing staff but because of the way they work together as a team ? therefore , will he [make sure] that the district health authority does not break up that team in order to move it to telford to try to keep an under-used district general hospital busy ?

Will my right hon. Friend accept that GPs were encouraged to introduce computerisation partly by an offer of Government funds to refund the cost of that process and , in districts such as the Wessex health authority , those funds have not been fully forthcoming ? Will he agree to allow a carry-over into next year to ensure that those GPs who have introduced computerisation will be compensated by the Government , in accordance with the Government undertaking ?
will my right hon. friend accept that gps were encouraged to introduce computerisation partly by an offer of government funds to refund the cost of that process and , in districts such as the wessex health authority , those funds have not been fully forthcoming ? will he agree to allow a carry-over into next year to [make sure] that those gps who have introduced computerisation will be compensated by the government , in accordance with the government undertaking ?

Why will not the Minister introduce nutritional guidelines for school meals to ensure that the school meals service plays a vital role in child nutrition , as recommended in the Black report a decade ago ?
why will not the minister introduce nutritional guidelines for school meals to [make sure] that the school meals service plays a vital role in child nutrition , as recommended in the black report a decade ago ?

Opposition Members can fully understand why Conservative Members do not want to ask the Prime Minister questions about Government policy , but can you confirm that the purpose and function of Prime Minister 's Question Time is to ask the Prime Minister questions about the performance of his Government ? Opposition Members would welcome the opportunity to debate Government and Opposition policies during the general election campaign , but , given that the Prime Minister does not have the guts to call an election , can you please ensure that , during the few remaining weeks of the Government 's period of office , Prime Minister 's Question Time will be used to ask the Prime Minister questions about Government policy ?
opposition members can fully understand why conservative members do not want to ask the prime minister questions about government policy , but can you confirm that the purpose and function of prime minister 's question time is to ask the prime minister questions about the performance of his government ? opposition members would welcome the opportunity to debate government and opposition policies during the general election campaign , but , given that the prime minister does not have the guts to call an election , can you please [make sure] that , during the few remaining weeks of the government 's period of office , prime minister 's question time will be used to ask the prime minister questions about government policy ?

Does the Minister recall telling the House that the four criteria for the reform of Sunday trading were that it should be practicable , enforceable , and acceptable to the country and that it should command the support of the House ? Yesterday the ten-minute Bill introduced by the hon. Member for Ogmore ( Mr. Powell ) was overwhelmingly given its First Reading with a majority of 200 , with all-party support . Does not the Minister think that it is time to ensure that that Bill is put on the statute book to safeguard what Churchill once described as the greatest of British institutions ?
does the minister recall telling the house that the four criteria for the reform of sunday trading were that it should be practicable , enforceable , and acceptable to the country and that it should command the support of the house ? yesterday the ten-minute bill introduced by the hon. member for ogmore ( mr. powell ) was overwhelmingly given its first reading with a majority of 200 , with all-party support . does not the minister think that it is time to [make sure] that that bill is put on the statute book to safeguard what churchill once described as the greatest of british institutions ?

Will he ensure that all discussions that take place are opened up for us to criticise and assist ?
will he [make sure] that all discussions that take place are opened up for us to criticise and assist ?

Seriously , as the Boundary Commission proceeds with its report over the next 10 years , would not it be correct to ensure that all parts of the United Kingdom had the same proportion of representatives ? That would solve the whole problem .
seriously , as the boundary commission proceeds with its report over the next 10 years , would not it be correct to [make sure] that all parts of the united kingdom had the same proportion of representatives ? that would solve the whole problem .

Will the Secretary of State ensure that the substantial sum that the European Community wants to give us , and which the coalfield communities want to receive , is given now when it is needed ?
will the secretary of state [make sure] that the substantial sum that the european community wants to give us , and which the coalfield communities want to receive , is given now when it is needed ?

It is for them to ensure that those substantial resources are used effectively .
it is for them to [make sure] that those substantial resources are used effectively .

Not to inspect schools , no , but LEAs will retain reserve powers to ensure that the budget delegated is managed appropriately .
not to inspect schools , no , but leas will retain reserve powers to [make sure] that the budget delegated is managed appropriately .

We have encouraged those who introduced local management of schools first to look again at their schools , and to ensure that the right balance exists between the funding of secondary schools and that of primary schools .
we have encouraged those who introduced local management of schools first to look again at their schools , and to [make sure] that the right balance exists between the funding of secondary schools and that of primary schools .

The Government have an obligation to Parliament and to the taxpayer to ensure maximum proceeds from any privatisation of land .
the government have an obligation to parliament and to the taxpayer to [make sure] maximum proceeds from any privatisation of land .

So together we moved heaven and earth to ensure , in a difficult year , that the necessary money was made available .
so together we moved heaven and earth to [make sure] , in a difficult year , that the necessary money was made available .

The Government 's job training programme includes a series of measures to assist those over the age of 25 , and to ensure that they can receive an element of training .
the government 's job training programme includes a series of measures to assist those over the age of 25 , and to [make sure] that they can receive an element of training .

Will the Minister ensure that when the Housing Executive engages in new build it will incorporate in every scheme a large number of two-bedroomed bungalows and a number of houses especially built to cater for the needs of the disabled ?
will the minister [make sure] that when the housing executive engages in new build it will incorporate in every scheme a large number of two-bedroomed bungalows and a number of houses especially built to cater for the needs of the disabled ?

Incidentally , we shall introduce into our advertising campaign efforts to ensure that the information available can be well interpreted by those with sensory disabilities .
incidentally , we shall introduce into our advertising campaign efforts to [make sure] that the information available can be well interpreted by those with sensory disabilities .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security what proposals he has to ensure a more equitable distribution of resources for the social fund .
to ask the secretary of state for social security what proposals he has to [make sure] a more equitable distribution of resources for the social fund .

As part of our routine annual review of allocations , we shall continue to consider how best to ensure that funds are targeted where they are most needed .
as part of our routine annual review of allocations , we shall continue to consider how best to [make sure] that funds are targeted where they are most needed .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security what arrangements he has made to ensure that existing recipients of attendance allowance and mobility allowance receive disability living allowance in April .
to ask the secretary of state for social security what arrangements he has made to [make sure] that existing recipients of attendance allowance and mobility allowance receive disability living allowance in april .

We have also made it absolutely clear that we will ensure that our deterrent is effective and absolutely credible , and that it puts real fear into any potential aggressor about the damage that he could suffer if he were to attack this country .
we have also made it absolutely clear that we will [make sure] that our deterrent is effective and absolutely credible , and that it puts real fear into any potential aggressor about the damage that he could suffer if he were to attack this country .

It will be increasingly important to ensure that all surveillance is comprehensive and very widely directed .
it will be increasingly important to [make sure] that all surveillance is comprehensive and very widely directed .

Can he therefore confirm that either the Secretary of State has breached the security rules or that the excuse of national security has been used merely to cover the fact that the Government made the decisions on political rather than on military grounds ? Is that not why there is so much concern in Scotland among supporters of the regiment ? Is he aware that there will be a wide welcome for my assurance that an incoming Labour Government will review each and every one of these decisions to ensure that the size and structure of the regiments in Scotland and throughout the United Kingdom reflect our military needs , and not the political expediency of the Tory party ?
can he therefore confirm that either the secretary of state has breached the security rules or that the excuse of national security has been used merely to cover the fact that the government made the decisions on political rather than on military grounds ? is that not why there is so much concern in scotland among supporters of the regiment ? is he aware that there will be a wide welcome for my assurance that an incoming labour government will review each and every one of these decisions to [make sure] that the size and structure of the regiments in scotland and throughout the united kingdom reflect our military needs , and not the political expediency of the tory party ?

We have taken action to ensure that we come out of this recession in a way that will ensure sustained recovery .
we have taken action to [make sure] that we come out of this recession in a way that will [make sure] sustained recovery .

Will he ensure that the vast amount of aid which has been sent into the region for military purposes will in future be for peaceful purposes so that the region 's social injustices are dealt with as rapidly as possible ?
will he [make sure] that the vast amount of aid which has been sent into the region for military purposes will in future be for peaceful purposes so that the region 's social injustices are dealt with as rapidly as possible ?

Will my right hon. Friend do what he can to ensure that they receive that food aid from the United Kingdom ?
will my right hon. friend do what he can to [make sure] that they receive that food aid from the united kingdom ?

As part of the Minister 's continued opposition to settlements , can he say how the British Government , as a member of the troika , will discharge their responsibilities under the recent protocol signed with Israel and the European Economic Community to ensure that none of the money will go to any Israeli projects with any connection with settlements on the west bank or Gaza ?
as part of the minister 's continued opposition to settlements , can he say how the british government , as a member of the troika , will discharge their responsibilities under the recent protocol signed with israel and the european economic community to [make sure] that none of the money will go to any israeli projects with any connection with settlements on the west bank or gaza ?

Is my hon. and learned Friend aware of the importance that the Baltic states attach to financial autonomy ? Does he agree that one of the most useful ways in which we can give them know-how is to tell them how we managed , in the light of the Maastricht agreement , to reject the principle of monetary union ? Is he giving them advice , along the lines that he described , to ensure that they manage to implement the sensible planning that comes from being able to run their own affairs , as they obviously wish to do ?
is my hon. and learned friend aware of the importance that the baltic states attach to financial autonomy ? does he agree that one of the most useful ways in which we can give them know-how is to tell them how we managed , in the light of the maastricht agreement , to reject the principle of monetary union ? is he giving them advice , along the lines that he described , to [make sure] that they manage to implement the sensible planning that comes from being able to run their own affairs , as they obviously wish to do ?

We will do our best to ensure that we maintain a sensible , profitable structure for agriculture in the United Kingdom in the interests of all those employed by it and involved in it .
we will do our best to [make sure] that we maintain a sensible , profitable structure for agriculture in the united kingdom in the interests of all those employed by it and involved in it .

Friend press the Treasury to sort out the issue of the cost of meat inspection to ensure that the thousands of jobs presently at risk in the poultry industry will be made secure ?
friend press the treasury to sort out the issue of the cost of meat inspection to [make sure] that the thousands of jobs presently at risk in the poultry industry will be made secure ?

The Minister has promised on several occasions to ensure that the matter is cleared up .
the minister has promised on several occasions to [make sure] that the matter is cleared up .

Is it not time that they devised a positive policy , to ensure that the many thousands of miles of hedgerows that were grubbed up or allowed to go to waste over the years are replaced ?
is it not time that they devised a positive policy , to [make sure] that the many thousands of miles of hedgerows that were grubbed up or allowed to go to waste over the years are replaced ?

On the more unhappy subject of Northern Ireland , in the light of the appalling horrors which last night added to the seemingly endless litany of tragedy in that unhappy Province , does the Prime Minister agree that the first condition for defeating terrorism in Northern Ireland is to ensure that the politicians there get together and work together ?
on the more unhappy subject of northern ireland , in the light of the appalling horrors which last night added to the seemingly endless litany of tragedy in that unhappy province , does the prime minister agree that the first condition for defeating terrorism in northern ireland is to [make sure] that the politicians there get together and work together ?

If my right hon. Friend should be considering with his right hon. Friend the Chancellor any largesse over the next two or three weeks , will he ensure that a few crumbs from the Treasury table fall in that direction ?
if my right hon. friend should be considering with his right hon. friend the chancellor any largesse over the next two or three weeks , will he [make sure] that a few crumbs from the treasury table fall in that direction ?

Will the Minister ensure that his Department keeps me advised of all developments relating to that sad event ?
will the minister [make sure] that his department keeps me advised of all developments relating to that sad event ?

Does my right hon. and learned Friend share my concern about the disproportionate impact of unemployment on the construction industry , which it is estimated will have lost 250,000 building operatives , some perhaps never to return ? Will he do all he can , through the Construction Industry Training Board , to ensure that an adequate supply of skill is available to meet the demands of recovery in the longer term ?
does my right hon. and learned friend share my concern about the disproportionate impact of unemployment on the construction industry , which it is estimated will have lost 250,000 building operatives , some perhaps never to return ? will he do all he can , through the construction industry training board , to [make sure] that an adequate supply of skill is available to meet the demands of recovery in the longer term ?

We have in place a framework that will ensure that this country is uniquely advantaged to make the most of the opportunities that will become available in the 1990s .
we have in place a framework that will [make sure] that this country is uniquely advantaged to make the most of the opportunities that will become available in the 1990s .

Does my hon. Friend agree that many leaders of local industry are giving their time and experience to ensure the great success of TECs all over the United Kingdom and that it is imperative that we , the Government , ensure that they are properly funded ?
does my hon. friend agree that many leaders of local industry are giving their time and experience to [make sure] the great success of tecs all over the united kingdom and that it is imperative that we , the government , [make sure] that they are properly funded ?

Is my hon. Friend aware that the rural sub-post office is at the heart of the rural community and that it plays an essential role in west Norfolk ? Will he do what he can to ensure that as many Government services as possible are available at post offices ? For example , why can not every rural sub-post office have a vehicle relicensing facility ?
is my hon. friend aware that the rural sub-post office is at the heart of the rural community and that it plays an essential role in west norfolk ? will he do what he can to [make sure] that as many government services as possible are available at post offices ? for example , why can not every rural sub-post office have a vehicle relicensing facility ?

Can my hon. Friend confirm that when he announces new proposals for deregulation he will ensure that he and his officials have consulted the Minister for small businesses to see that every effort is made to take into account the needs of small businesses and that deregulation , wherever possible , is increased , so that small businesses can get special exemptions where possible from what can be very complicated regulations and procedures that the Government introduce ?
can my hon. friend confirm that when he announces new proposals for deregulation he will [make sure] that he and his officials have consulted the minister for small businesses to see that every effort is made to take into account the needs of small businesses and that deregulation , wherever possible , is increased , so that small businesses can get special exemptions where possible from what can be very complicated regulations and procedures that the government introduce ?

Does the Minister recall that we on these Benches have advocated provision for tax vouchers for child care in the past three Finance Bills ? Does he recognise that provision is required for local authorities , voluntary groups and the private sector to provide places in creches and nursery schools ? Will he take steps to ensure that that is possible following the Budget ?
does the minister recall that we on these benches have advocated provision for tax vouchers for child care in the past three finance bills ? does he recognise that provision is required for local authorities , voluntary groups and the private sector to provide places in creches and nursery schools ? will he take steps to [make sure] that that is possible following the budget ?

Does my right hon. Friend , who is undoubtedly committed to improving health care , agree that the reforms make planning and the provision of supra-regional specialties very much more difficult ? Will he ensure — and give me an assurance — that there will be careful monitoring ?
does my right hon. friend , who is undoubtedly committed to improving health care , agree that the reforms make planning and the provision of supra-regional specialties very much more difficult ? will he [make sure] — and give me an assurance — that there will be careful monitoring ?

Will he ensure that in the review by Sir Bernard Tomlinson , the key point about London — its specialist abilities serving constituencies such as mine in Northampton — remains a focal point ?
will he [make sure] that in the review by sir bernard tomlinson , the key point about london — its specialist abilities serving constituencies such as mine in northampton — remains a focal point ?

Does the Minister acknowledge that when we had a domestic rating system almost every citizen in the land made sure that he or she registered to vote ? Will he now confirm that one side effect of the appalling poll tax is that more than a million citizens of this country have not registered to vote ? Will he mount a campaign to ensure that every citizen in the land registers for a vote — especially so that those votes can be cast in the general election ?
does the minister acknowledge that when we had a domestic rating system almost every citizen in the land made sure that he or she registered to vote ? will he now confirm that one side effect of the appalling poll tax is that more than a million citizens of this country have not registered to vote ? will he mount a campaign to [make sure] that every citizen in the land registers for a vote — especially so that those votes can be cast in the general election ?

If we decide to extend the rents-to-mortgages scheme and to make it nationwide , we shall take steps to ensure that no recalcitrant local authority can deny people rights that have been given to them by the House .
if we decide to extend the rents-to-mortgages scheme and to make it nationwide , we shall take steps to [make sure] that no recalcitrant local authority can deny people rights that have been given to them by the house .

We have advised environmental health officers that they already have power under the Environmental Protection Act 1990 temporarily to remove equipment such as audio equipment to ensure that a noise abatement notice is complied with .
we have advised environmental health officers that they already have power under the environmental protection act 1990 temporarily to remove equipment such as audio equipment to [make sure] that a noise abatement notice is complied with .

Is the Minister aware that many people in London are deeply disturbed by the increasing incidence of asthma among children , but that the Minister for Health has been unable to give figures relating to the level of asthma suffering in London as a result of air pollution , which is caused mainly by vehicles ? In December , air quality levels were the worst for 11 years , with carbon monoxide at 13.3 parts per million , and nitrogen dioxide at 243 parts per billion ? Does he agree that the serious deterioration of air quality in London arises mainly from increasing vehicle movements and that the best course would therefore be to improve public transport , reduce the number of cars going through London and ensure cleaner fuels and cleaner burn to preserve the health of our children , who are suffering grievously because of the increasing levels of pollution in central London ?
is the minister aware that many people in london are deeply disturbed by the increasing incidence of asthma among children , but that the minister for health has been unable to give figures relating to the level of asthma suffering in london as a result of air pollution , which is caused mainly by vehicles ? in december , air quality levels were the worst for 11 years , with carbon monoxide at 13.3 parts per million , and nitrogen dioxide at 243 parts per billion ? does he agree that the serious deterioration of air quality in london arises mainly from increasing vehicle movements and that the best course would therefore be to improve public transport , reduce the number of cars going through london and [make sure] cleaner fuels and cleaner burn to preserve the health of our children , who are suffering grievously because of the increasing levels of pollution in central london ?

The Housing Corporation is particularly anxious to ensure that the smaller and medium-sized housing associations get an adequate share of the growing resources provided by the Housing Corporation so that the more traditional associations can continue to provide the new homes and local management to which my hon .
the housing corporation is particularly anxious to [make sure] that the smaller and medium-sized housing associations get an adequate share of the growing resources provided by the housing corporation so that the more traditional associations can continue to provide the new homes and local management to which my hon .

In parallel with civilianisation of the police , will my hon. Friend ensure that instructions are given to all chief constables to increase further the designation of special constables and to increase the special constabulary , which would lead to more bobbies on the beat ? Is that not the best discouragement to crime and an encouragement to those elderly people who fear being attacked on the streets ?
in parallel with civilianisation of the police , will my hon. friend [make sure] that instructions are given to all chief constables to increase further the designation of special constables and to increase the special constabulary , which would lead to more bobbies on the beat ? is that not the best discouragement to crime and an encouragement to those elderly people who fear being attacked on the streets ?

Is my hon. Friend aware of the fact that we welcome the £3.6 million in West Yorkshire ? Will he ensure that the money is spent throughout the county ?
is my hon. friend aware of the fact that we welcome the £3.6 million in west yorkshire ? will he [make sure] that the money is spent throughout the county ?

As the meters are now in operation , will the Minister take action to ensure that dispenser facilities are more widely available ?
as the meters are now in operation , will the minister take action to [make sure] that dispenser facilities are more widely available ?

We argued , rightly , that we believed in a diversity of supply and we wanted to ensure that that diversity of supply was available .
we argued , rightly , that we believed in a diversity of supply and we wanted to [make sure] that that diversity of supply was available .

How is British Coal expected to compete in the privatised electricity market when the duopoly is able to close down coal-fired power stations even though they can produce cheaper electricty than the new gas turbine power stations , because the duopoly is able to pass the extra costs to consumers ? Should not the regulator ensure that the extra costs for higher cost plant are not passed to consumers ? Should not coal-fired power stations , which could be competitive and which the duopoly rejects , be offered for sale so that continuing competition can develop ?
how is british coal expected to compete in the privatised electricity market when the duopoly is able to close down coal-fired power stations even though they can produce cheaper electricty than the new gas turbine power stations , because the duopoly is able to pass the extra costs to consumers ? should not the regulator [make sure] that the extra costs for higher cost plant are not passed to consumers ? should not coal-fired power stations , which could be competitive and which the duopoly rejects , be offered for sale so that continuing competition can develop ?

The Further and Higher Education Bill currently before Parliament will ensure that a wide range of educational provision for students with disabilities and learning difficulties is maintained and developed in the new further education sector .
the further and higher education bill currently before parliament will [make sure] that a wide range of educational provision for students with disabilities and learning difficulties is maintained and developed in the new further education sector .

Will he ensure that everything possible is done so that Derbyshire can have its first opportunity to have a university , in contrast with Nottingham which will have two , Leicester which will have three , and Loughborough which will have one ?
will he [make sure] that everything possible is done so that derbyshire can have its first opportunity to have a university , in contrast with nottingham which will have two , leicester which will have three , and loughborough which will have one ?

Is the Prime Minister aware that millions of people are fed up with having to pay extra community charge to cover those who do not pay ? Will he encourage all local authorities to ensure that people pay their bills promptly and will he ensure that future charges are reduced when that money comes into council coffers ?
is the prime minister aware that millions of people are fed up with having to pay extra community charge to cover those who do not pay ? will he encourage all local authorities to [make sure] that people pay their bills promptly and will he [make sure] that future charges are reduced when that money comes into council coffers ?

Does the Secretary of State accept that the security forces must not only act within the law but always be clearly seen to act within it if they are to deprive the terrorist group of the environment in which it thrives ? Will he therefore ensure that after any incident involving the use of lethal force there is a prompt , thorough and impartial investigation so that the facts are plain to see ?
does the secretary of state accept that the security forces must not only act within the law but always be clearly seen to act within it if they are to deprive the terrorist group of the environment in which it thrives ? will he therefore [make sure] that after any incident involving the use of lethal force there is a prompt , thorough and impartial investigation so that the facts are plain to see ?

Will the Secretary of State ensure that the public are aware that 12 dedicated terrorists were involved in that attack and , although no one glories in anyone 's death , make it clear again that only four were shot ? Does not that show that the security forces acted with remarkable restraint and that there is no dedicated shoot-to-kill policy ?
will the secretary of state [make sure] that the public are aware that 12 dedicated terrorists were involved in that attack and , although no one glories in anyone 's death , make it clear again that only four were shot ? does not that show that the security forces acted with remarkable restraint and that there is no dedicated shoot-to-kill policy ?

Despite the sympathy expressed by the judge in court , there is no way in which that business man can legally make a claim against the Northern Ireland Office . Will the Secretary of State ensure that his Department backs up his promises to the business community and ensure that such disincentives to the business community coming forward are not allowed to continue ?
despite the sympathy expressed by the judge in court , there is no way in which that business man can legally make a claim against the northern ireland office . will the secretary of state [make sure] that his department backs up his promises to the business community and [make sure] that such disincentives to the business community coming forward are not allowed to continue ?

Despite the major differences between the Conservative party and the Ulster Unionist party following the imposition by the Conservative party of the Anglo-Irish Agreement and partial Dublin rule through Stormont , will the Minister accept on a personal level that there is widespread respect throughout Northern Ireland for the contribution that he has made to the rejuvenation of Royal avenue in our capital city of Belfast ? Does he recognise that it is one of the commercial miracles of Northern Ireland and is now envied by many areas in the United Kingdom ? Should he not be with us in six weeks , will he leave a message for his successor to ensure the continuation of that economic miracle into York street and York road in the constituency of my hon. Friend the Member for Belfast , North ( Mr. Walker ) ?
despite the major differences between the conservative party and the ulster unionist party following the imposition by the conservative party of the anglo-irish agreement and partial dublin rule through stormont , will the minister accept on a personal level that there is widespread respect throughout northern ireland for the contribution that he has made to the rejuvenation of royal avenue in our capital city of belfast ? does he recognise that it is one of the commercial miracles of northern ireland and is now envied by many areas in the united kingdom ? should he not be with us in six weeks , will he leave a message for his successor to [make sure] the continuation of that economic miracle into york street and york road in the constituency of my hon. friend the member for belfast , north ( mr. walker ) ?

In view of the statement made by the Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary that terrorist movements can be destroyed very effectively from within , will the Secretary of State consult his right hon. Friend the Prime Minister to ensure that the full weight of the intelligence services is brought to bear on all terrorist movements within the United Kingdom ?
in view of the statement made by the chief constable of the royal ulster constabulary that terrorist movements can be destroyed very effectively from within , will the secretary of state consult his right hon. friend the prime minister to [make sure] that the full weight of the intelligence services is brought to bear on all terrorist movements within the united kingdom ?

On the eve of the first anniversary of the Gulf war , will my right hon. Friend join me in expressing our gratitude to our armed forces , our commitment to the independence of Kuwait and our determination to ensure that Saddam Hussein and his generals comply with all international sanctions or suffer the consequences ?
on the eve of the first anniversary of the gulf war , will my right hon. friend join me in expressing our gratitude to our armed forces , our commitment to the independence of kuwait and our determination to [make sure] that saddam hussein and his generals comply with all international sanctions or suffer the consequences ?

In those discussions , did the Secretary of State draw to the attention of the Occupational Pensions Board the loss of hundreds of millions of pounds of money owned by Maxwell and Mirror Group pensioners ? Did he also draw attention to the total inadequacy of control over pension fund investments and procedures ? Is he prepared to state clearly now that he will introduce legislation to ensure that the sort of scandal that occurred , which robbed the workers of the Maxwell and Mirror corporations , will not occur again and those workers and others like them will be protected in future ?
in those discussions , did the secretary of state draw to the attention of the occupational pensions board the loss of hundreds of millions of pounds of money owned by maxwell and mirror group pensioners ? did he also draw attention to the total inadequacy of control over pension fund investments and procedures ? is he prepared to state clearly now that he will introduce legislation to [make sure] that the sort of scandal that occurred , which robbed the workers of the maxwell and mirror corporations , will not occur again and those workers and others like them will be protected in future ?

What do the British Government intend to do to ensure that the Prime Minister 's promise of last June is upheld ?
what do the british government intend to do to [make sure] that the prime minister 's promise of last june is upheld ?

Does the right hon. Gentleman remember that five months before the Gulf war , the Government told me that they had full confidence that Saddam Hussein was not developing nuclear weapons ? If they are being fooled now by many other countries , is it not right that we must seek a strong , new , international non-proliferation treaty containing vigorous verification provisions backed by United Nations sanctions ? Would not the best way to ensure that such a treaty would be accepted worldwide be for us to allow international inspection and verification of the numbers of our warheads ?
does the right hon. gentleman remember that five months before the gulf war , the government told me that they had full confidence that saddam hussein was not developing nuclear weapons ? if they are being fooled now by many other countries , is it not right that we must seek a strong , new , international non-proliferation treaty containing vigorous verification provisions backed by united nations sanctions ? would not the best way to [make sure] that such a treaty would be accepted worldwide be for us to allow international inspection and verification of the numbers of our warheads ?

The House is aware of a number of recent announcements , particularly for new equipment , to ensure that our forces , though smaller , will be more flexible , more mobile and better equipped than ever before .
the house is aware of a number of recent announcements , particularly for new equipment , to [make sure] that our forces , though smaller , will be more flexible , more mobile and better equipped than ever before .

Indeed , we are the only party to have made the financial provision to ensure that that happens .
indeed , we are the only party to have made the financial provision to [make sure] that that happens .

On the question of democracy in the republic of South Africa , does the right hon. Lady agree that our objective should be to ensure that the white electorate fully appreciates that South Africa will face unprecedented international isolation should there be a ’ No ’ vote in this month 's referendum ? Should not we support the negotiating process now under way through the Conference for a Democratic South Africa , and so secure the maintenance of international pressure for rapid progress towards a new , genuinely democratic constitutional order ? Will those be the objectives of this Government this month , as they will be the objectives of the Labour Government next month ?
on the question of democracy in the republic of south africa , does the right hon. lady agree that our objective should be to [make sure] that the white electorate fully appreciates that south africa will face unprecedented international isolation should there be a ’ no ’ vote in this month 's referendum ? should not we support the negotiating process now under way through the conference for a democratic south africa , and so secure the maintenance of international pressure for rapid progress towards a new , genuinely democratic constitutional order ? will those be the objectives of this government this month , as they will be the objectives of the labour government next month ?

Through the whole of their period in office , the Government have supported efforts to do away with apartheid and to ensure that when change came with President de Klerk , there would be a start towards a new constitution and the transitional arrangements that are now being discussed within the Conference for a Democratic South Africa .
through the whole of their period in office , the government have supported efforts to do away with apartheid and to [make sure] that when change came with president de klerk , there would be a start towards a new constitution and the transitional arrangements that are now being discussed within the conference for a democratic south africa .

Through our influence , we shall do all that we can to ensure that there is a ’ Yes ’ vote in the referendum , because that is the only way to achieve a peaceful , prosperous , successful and democratic South Africa .
through our influence , we shall do all that we can to [make sure] that there is a ’ yes ’ vote in the referendum , because that is the only way to achieve a peaceful , prosperous , successful and democratic south africa .

In the wake of the impressive list of meetings that the Secretary of State will be attending for the remainder of this year , will he encourage the Security Council to have a special meeting , after Britain 's anticipated endorsement of the Van den Stoel resolution on the destruction of human rights within Iraq at least to ensure that human rights monitors are in south Iraq to protect the unfortunate Shias ?
in the wake of the impressive list of meetings that the secretary of state will be attending for the remainder of this year , will he encourage the security council to have a special meeting , after britain 's anticipated endorsement of the van den stoel resolution on the destruction of human rights within iraq at least to [make sure] that human rights monitors are in south iraq to protect the unfortunate shias ?

Now that change is coming , we are trying to ensure that Vietnam will have access to international financial institutions .
now that change is coming , we are trying to [make sure] that vietnam will have access to international financial institutions .

We have done well in trying to ensure that we could help Vietnamese migrants — more than 20,000 of whom have returned from all over the region .
we have done well in trying to [make sure] that we could help vietnamese migrants — more than 20,000 of whom have returned from all over the region .

Since only the United Nations can do the job of peacemaking , is the Minister concerned that just over half the value of the assessments on individual countries for last year has been paid , and will she therefore press other members of the international community to ensure that they give the United Nations the resources to do that necessary peacemaking and peacekeeping job ?
since only the united nations can do the job of peacemaking , is the minister concerned that just over half the value of the assessments on individual countries for last year has been paid , and will she therefore press other members of the international community to [make sure] that they give the united nations the resources to do that necessary peacemaking and peacekeeping job ?

Will she do everything within her power , with our European Community partners , to ensure that all the people of Somaliland are listened to , not just the factions in the south who , after all , have an Italian connection rather than a British one ?
will she do everything within her power , with our european community partners , to [make sure] that all the people of somaliland are listened to , not just the factions in the south who , after all , have an italian connection rather than a british one ?

What the Commission has to do now there is a new article in the Maastricht treaty is to ensure that its practice complies with it and that it does not encourage the drafting of legislation or the working out of projects on matters that can perfectly well be dealt with by member states , or even closer to the citizen , and that applies to English and French cheeses .
what the commission has to do now there is a new article in the maastricht treaty is to [make sure] that its practice complies with it and that it does not encourage the drafting of legislation or the working out of projects on matters that can perfectly well be dealt with by member states , or even closer to the citizen , and that applies to english and french cheeses .

We are anxious — indeed , we are determined — to ensure that those individuals appear before a competent court as speedily as possible .
we are anxious — indeed , we are determined — to [make sure] that those individuals appear before a competent court as speedily as possible .

During our presidency we must extend the competence of the Community so that it can ensure that once animal welfare regulations are passed they are enforced — from Spain to Scotland and from Ireland to Greece .
during our presidency we must extend the competence of the community so that it can [make sure] that once animal welfare regulations are passed they are enforced — from spain to scotland and from ireland to greece .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the full implementation of the Food Safety Act 1990 will ensure that Britain is in the forefront of Europe in terms of food safety in years to come ? Will he reassure representatives of women 's institutes and townswomen 's guilds and other voluntary workers that the implementation of the Act is not designed to target their fund-raising activities in the preparation of food in village halls and elsewhere ?
does my hon. friend agree that the full implementation of the food safety act 1990 will [make sure] that britain is in the forefront of europe in terms of food safety in years to come ? will he reassure representatives of women 's institutes and townswomen 's guilds and other voluntary workers that the implementation of the act is not designed to target their fund-raising activities in the preparation of food in village halls and elsewhere ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the British farmer is the most efficient farmer in Europe ? Does he agree also that the MacSharry proposals will have an extremely damaging effect on the British farmer ? Will he do everything to ensure that the recent announcement by the European Community , which reflects the attitude of the French and those who agree with them in respect of the general agreement on tariffs and trade proposals , will not be immensely damaging to British farming and world trade as a whole ? Will my right hon. Friend do something about that ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the british farmer is the most efficient farmer in europe ? does he agree also that the macsharry proposals will have an extremely damaging effect on the british farmer ? will he do everything to [make sure] that the recent announcement by the european community , which reflects the attitude of the french and those who agree with them in respect of the general agreement on tariffs and trade proposals , will not be immensely damaging to british farming and world trade as a whole ? will my right hon. friend do something about that ?

To ask the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food what steps he will take to ensure that early payments are made to farmers in respect of hill livestock compensatory allowances in response to the current economic climate .
to ask the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food what steps he will take to [make sure] that early payments are made to farmers in respect of hill livestock compensatory allowances in response to the current economic climate .

Gentleman will urge his farmers to ensure that claims are on time , we shall deal with them as soon as humanly possible .
gentleman will urge his farmers to [make sure] that claims are on time , we shall deal with them as soon as humanly possible .

We shall do our utmost to ensure that we have a level playing field throughout Europe .
we shall do our utmost to [make sure] that we have a level playing field throughout europe .

Knowing my right hon. Friend 's concern for birds and particularly for our very valuable poultry industry , will he keep an eye on the latest scare for our ’ bootiful ’ turkey industry and ensure that that nonsense about which we are hearing — podo dermatitus — does not turn out to be a load of gobbledegook ?
knowing my right hon. friend 's concern for birds and particularly for our very valuable poultry industry , will he keep an eye on the latest scare for our ’ bootiful ’ turkey industry and [make sure] that that nonsense about which we are hearing — podo dermatitus — does not turn out to be a load of gobbledegook ?

The Government are determined to ensure that the kind of access proposals that have been pioneered , particularly by the Countryside Commission , are extended .
the government are determined to [make sure] that the kind of access proposals that have been pioneered , particularly by the countryside commission , are extended .

Is my hon. Friend aware that people up in the north-west welcome the prospect of the channel tunnel being opened ? Will he ensure that sufficient facilities are made available north of Manchester and Liverpool to allow people and freight to be carried on the trains ? Does he agree that it ill behoves the Labour party to comment on that because Labour was against the channel tunnel at its inception ?
is my hon. friend aware that people up in the north-west welcome the prospect of the channel tunnel being opened ? will he [make sure] that sufficient facilities are made available north of manchester and liverpool to allow people and freight to be carried on the trains ? does he agree that it ill behoves the labour party to comment on that because labour was against the channel tunnel at its inception ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment if he will introduce legislation to ensure that all employees have a right to an itemised pay statement .
to ask the secretary of state for employment if he will introduce legislation to [make sure] that all employees have a right to an itemised pay statement .

When the Equal Opportunities Commission , in its equality agenda , describes child care facilities as meagre in the extreme compared with the facilities that are available in the rest of Europe , when we know that the women in work to whom the Minister has referred are often forced into part-time work because of inadequate child care arrangements and when we bear in mind his entirely complacent answer , is not it a good thing that a Labour Government are coming who will ensure that child care provision is expanded ?
when the equal opportunities commission , in its equality agenda , describes child care facilities as meagre in the extreme compared with the facilities that are available in the rest of europe , when we know that the women in work to whom the minister has referred are often forced into part-time work because of inadequate child care arrangements and when we bear in mind his entirely complacent answer , is not it a good thing that a labour government are coming who will [make sure] that child care provision is expanded ?

The Government 's main role is to ensure a sound and stable economic framework within which enterprise can flourish and the battle against inflation can be won .
the government 's main role is to [make sure] a sound and stable economic framework within which enterprise can flourish and the battle against inflation can be won .

We shall ensure that —
we shall [make sure] that —

What plans does the Minister have to ensure that the British-designed and British-invented transputer continues to be manufactured in this country ? Is he aware that the parent company , which was nationalised as part of a French and Italian consortium , has threatened to remove the transputer from this country because of the British Government 's failure to support British industry in the way that the French and Italian Governments have ? Is another marvellous British invention — the miracle transputer which will be sold all over the world — about to be employed and manufactured by foreigners ?
what plans does the minister have to [make sure] that the british-designed and british-invented transputer continues to be manufactured in this country ? is he aware that the parent company , which was nationalised as part of a french and italian consortium , has threatened to remove the transputer from this country because of the british government 's failure to support british industry in the way that the french and italian governments have ? is another marvellous british invention — the miracle transputer which will be sold all over the world — about to be employed and manufactured by foreigners ?

Gentleman wants — let us talk about giving more than £1 billion to industry over the next two years to ensure that there is no increase in business rates .
gentleman wants — let us talk about giving more than £1 billion to industry over the next two years to [make sure] that there is no increase in business rates .

Is my hon. Friend aware that high levels of manufacturing output lead to high levels of exports and that the Dover ferry industry has done well under the Government out of high levels of exports ? Can my hon. Friend confirm that he will do all in his power to ensure that the Government are returned so that the Dover ferry industry can continue to benefit from high levels of exports ?
is my hon. friend aware that high levels of manufacturing output lead to high levels of exports and that the dover ferry industry has done well under the government out of high levels of exports ? can my hon. friend confirm that he will do all in his power to [make sure] that the government are returned so that the dover ferry industry can continue to benefit from high levels of exports ?

This Government will ensure that discriminatory taxes are not imposed on that industry by our friends in Europe , because it is a vital British interest .
this government will [make sure] that discriminatory taxes are not imposed on that industry by our friends in europe , because it is a vital british interest .

Will my hon. Friend accept my thanks for the helpful way in which he dealt with my representations on this subject ? Does he accept that it is largely due to the regulatory framework that he has put in place that the activities of , for example , the Aylesbury Group have now been accepted for the investors compensation scheme ? Will he also impress upon the building societies involved that they have a duty and an obligation to ensure that people are not evicted from their homes until the compensation scheme can take effect ?
will my hon. friend accept my thanks for the helpful way in which he dealt with my representations on this subject ? does he accept that it is largely due to the regulatory framework that he has put in place that the activities of , for example , the aylesbury group have now been accepted for the investors compensation scheme ? will he also impress upon the building societies involved that they have a duty and an obligation to [make sure] that people are not evicted from their homes until the compensation scheme can take effect ?

There appears to be a clear conflict between your discussions and the Sessional Order on one hand , and the priorities of the Metropolitan police on the other . Will you please ask the Commissioner to ensure that the Sessional Order is given the highest priority so that we can get to this place without being obstructed by coaches ?
there appears to be a clear conflict between your discussions and the sessional order on one hand , and the priorities of the metropolitan police on the other . will you please ask the commissioner to [make sure] that the sessional order is given the highest priority so that we can get to this place without being obstructed by coaches ?

In one of his writings , Lord Milner endeavoured to define patriotism , which he expressed as being the desire to ensure that everybody who is born a citizen of one 's country should rejoice in the birthright of being a citizen of that country .
in one of his writings , lord milner endeavoured to define patriotism , which he expressed as being the desire to [make sure] that everybody who is born a citizen of one 's country should rejoice in the birthright of being a citizen of that country .

The commitment to balanced and verifiable arms control , the commitment to ensure that Iraq complies in full and unconditionally with the United Nations Security Council resolutions , the commitment to fight terrorism and trafficking in narcotics — all these have our support .
the commitment to balanced and verifiable arms control , the commitment to [make sure] that iraq complies in full and unconditionally with the united nations security council resolutions , the commitment to fight terrorism and trafficking in narcotics — all these have our support .

Friend the Member for Liverpool , West Derby was right to say that we are witnessing the creation not simply of a free market in Europe , but a free market which is linked to the Delors principles and will ensure proper working conditions and adequate social provision .
friend the member for liverpool , west derby was right to say that we are witnessing the creation not simply of a free market in europe , but a free market which is linked to the delors principles and will [make sure] proper working conditions and adequate social provision .

However , our oppponents fail to recognise that we have a great amount to learn from those in business who have developed techniques to ensure that large organisations improve their efficiency and deliver their objective more effectively than was the case .
however , our oppponents fail to recognise that we have a great amount to learn from those in business who have developed techniques to [make sure] that large organisations improve their efficiency and deliver their objective more effectively than was the case .

It will seek to ensure that all priority patients are treated within three months and that nobody should wait more than twelve months for treatment .
it will seek to [make sure] that all priority patients are treated within three months and that nobody should wait more than twelve months for treatment .

The trust status will ensure that that record of success continues into the life of the next Conservative Government and the one after , just as we established that record during the lifetime of the previous three Conservative Governments .
the trust status will [make sure] that that record of success continues into the life of the next conservative government and the one after , just as we established that record during the lifetime of the previous three conservative governments .

We must ensure that the security forces are the real defenders of human rights and freedom from fear and violence , and that they are clearly seen to be so .
we must [make sure] that the security forces are the real defenders of human rights and freedom from fear and violence , and that they are clearly seen to be so .

They will ensure that Britain is ready for the challenges of the 1990s .
they will [make sure] that britain is ready for the challenges of the 1990s .

Gentleman 's attitude : were there ever a Labour Government , there would be no review of programmes and there would be no assessment of the way in which help is given to ensure that it is cost effective or of how Government resources are deployed to ensure that the taxpayer gets the best value for money .
gentleman 's attitude : were there ever a labour government , there would be no review of programmes and there would be no assessment of the way in which help is given to [make sure] that it is cost effective or of how government resources are deployed to [make sure] that the taxpayer gets the best value for money .

In a quantitative sense , in terms of the number of laws that have been passed in the past 12 years , that is correct , but if the totality of the laws represent a house , it will ensure that the laws that it changes will result in the foundations being decimated , with the result that it will fall down .
in a quantitative sense , in terms of the number of laws that have been passed in the past 12 years , that is correct , but if the totality of the laws represent a house , it will [make sure] that the laws that it changes will result in the foundations being decimated , with the result that it will fall down .

Many such policies have to be enshrined in a legal framework to ensure that employers implement them .
many such policies have to be enshrined in a legal framework to [make sure] that employers implement them .

We want to ensure that people are not landed with a second taxation system which is as unfair and unjust as the poll tax .
we want to [make sure] that people are not landed with a second taxation system which is as unfair and unjust as the poll tax .

It must also be right to have proper mechanisms in place to ensure that they get value for money .
it must also be right to have proper mechanisms in place to [make sure] that they get value for money .

The Bill 's tough capping measures will ensure that Labour councils will be unable to pursue the profligate spending that they managed in the past , and that they will be controlled .
the bill 's tough capping measures will [make sure] that labour councils will be unable to pursue the profligate spending that they managed in the past , and that they will be controlled .

We in government have a duty to ensure that local responsibility is not abused , and we intend to carry out that duty .
we in government have a duty to [make sure] that local responsibility is not abused , and we intend to carry out that duty .

They must ensure that the matters for which Governments must be relied on are properly provided .
they must [make sure] that the matters for which governments must be relied on are properly provided .

It is a matter of planning , management and marketing to ensure that what is good in the locality is preserved and conserved .
it is a matter of planning , management and marketing to [make sure] that what is good in the locality is preserved and conserved .

If we are to ensure that we preserve and protect the quality of life in the urban environment , we must recognise the need for a change in the code of compensation and the circumstances and amount in which it is given .
if we are to [make sure] that we preserve and protect the quality of life in the urban environment , we must recognise the need for a change in the code of compensation and the circumstances and amount in which it is given .

Why are there no plans in this country to ensure that we have a fully compatible freight arrangement that could take re-frigerated herrings from Aberdeen to Milan on refrigerated rail trucks instead of having traffic trundling along our motorways and on channel ferries ?
why are there no plans in this country to [make sure] that we have a fully compatible freight arrangement that could take re-frigerated herrings from aberdeen to milan on refrigerated rail trucks instead of having traffic trundling along our motorways and on channel ferries ?

We must ensure that that terrible mistake is not repeated .
we must [make sure] that that terrible mistake is not repeated .

Because of the guillotine , amendments to ensure that the rebate system is simple and reaches people who require it may not be properly discussed .
because of the guillotine , amendments to [make sure] that the rebate system is simple and reaches people who require it may not be properly discussed .

The Government have not provided sufficient time or resources to ensure that the system works properly .
the government have not provided sufficient time or resources to [make sure] that the system works properly .

The Government have introduced the Bill at the earliest possible moment in the Session , and we shall ensure that secondary legislation is made as quickly as possible .
the government have introduced the bill at the earliest possible moment in the session , and we shall [make sure] that secondary legislation is made as quickly as possible .

Did it pass resolutions to spend more money and get itself organised to ensure that the police could run themselves properly ?
did it pass resolutions to spend more money and get itself organised to [make sure] that the police could run themselves properly ?

It was necessary , if we were to meet the target of 1 April 1993 for introduction of the tax , to ensure that the first step towards the levying of the tax — the valuation of properties — was begun as soon as possible .
it was necessary , if we were to meet the target of 1 april 1993 for introduction of the tax , to [make sure] that the first step towards the levying of the tax — the valuation of properties — was begun as soon as possible .

Local authorities will need a substantial amount of time to ensure that their information technology is correct and is in place to deal with the council tax .
local authorities will need a substantial amount of time to [make sure] that their information technology is correct and is in place to deal with the council tax .

We say that we will protect single retired people , we will ensure that the rebate system is improved not only to help those people , but to target help on all those who need it and we will ensure that what people pay is based on their ability to pay and not on their status .
we say that we will protect single retired people , we will [make sure] that the rebate system is improved not only to help those people , but to target help on all those who need it and we will [make sure] that what people pay is based on their ability to pay and not on their status .

The proposed national business rate will ensure that the narrowness of the domestic base under the council tax will inflict misery on local people .
the proposed national business rate will [make sure] that the narrowness of the domestic base under the council tax will inflict misery on local people .

All that will ensure that the tax is fair and progressive .
all that will [make sure] that the tax is fair and progressive .

It will also ensure that it has a broad base and that the business rate is decentralised .
it will also [make sure] that it has a broad base and that the business rate is decentralised .

The educational maintenance system is specifically designed with the financial needs of students in mind and we have made substantial new resources available to ensure that those needs are met .
the educational maintenance system is specifically designed with the financial needs of students in mind and we have made substantial new resources available to [make sure] that those needs are met .

We must ensure that such movements are not given the opportunity to develop in our own country .
we must [make sure] that such movements are not given the opportunity to develop in our own country .

There appears to be bipartisan agreement that bogus asylum seekers should be dealt with , but there is a good deal of concern among voluntary societies and practitioners . Could my right hon. Friend make it clear that , during the passage of the Bill , he and his colleagues will have consultations with those who make representations to ensure that their worries about links between people with different claims and the causes of large-scale immigration are considered together ?
there appears to be bipartisan agreement that bogus asylum seekers should be dealt with , but there is a good deal of concern among voluntary societies and practitioners . could my right hon. friend make it clear that , during the passage of the bill , he and his colleagues will have consultations with those who make representations to [make sure] that their worries about links between people with different claims and the causes of large-scale immigration are considered together ?

That pattern is repeated across Europe ; that is why we must ensure that we reduce and not add to the delays when we change our system and introduce new rights .
that pattern is repeated across europe ; that is why we must [make sure] that we reduce and not add to the delays when we change our system and introduce new rights .

As such , they have an obligation to ensure satisfactory resettlement .
as such , they have an obligation to [make sure] satisfactory resettlement .

There are 77 airlines at Heathrow and the Government expect them to act as immigration officials to ensure that people arrive with the right documentation .
there are 77 airlines at heathrow and the government expect them to act as immigration officials to [make sure] that people arrive with the right documentation .

Nevertheless , there must be a filter , as there is in the criminal courts , to ensure that the appellate system is not overloaded by those who enter Britain from a third safe country to which they can return if they manifestly have no claim to asylum here .
nevertheless , there must be a filter , as there is in the criminal courts , to [make sure] that the appellate system is not overloaded by those who enter britain from a third safe country to which they can return if they manifestly have no claim to asylum here .

Our intention was to ensure that genuine cases could be dealt with properly , such as those where the claimant had contributed or had produced fresh evidence that was relevant to a particular decision .
our intention was to [make sure] that genuine cases could be dealt with properly , such as those where the claimant had contributed or had produced fresh evidence that was relevant to a particular decision .

However , we must ensure that there is life after death by creating new workplaces on the former colliery sites .
however , we must [make sure] that there is life after death by creating new workplaces on the former colliery sites .

If it were possible to diminish the use of gas , to increase British coal production and to erect trade and tariff barriers to ensure that we can not import foreign coal , what would the consequences be for those who want to use the power that is generated ?
if it were possible to diminish the use of gas , to increase british coal production and to erect trade and tariff barriers to [make sure] that we can not import foreign coal , what would the consequences be for those who want to use the power that is generated ?

If we had a rational energy policy , we could ensure not only that coal had a role to play now , but that it could continue to play an important role in the future .
if we had a rational energy policy , we could [make sure] not only that coal had a role to play now , but that it could continue to play an important role in the future .

We are determined to ensure the development of the largest possible economic coal industry that the market can support .
we are determined to [make sure] the development of the largest possible economic coal industry that the market can support .

We shall remove tax distortions , require in-house services to be clearly costed and accounted for , and ensure that one-off costs are appraised over a realistic period .
we shall remove tax distortions , require in-house services to be clearly costed and accounted for , and [make sure] that one-off costs are appraised over a realistic period .

This will ensure that there will be no bias between public and private sector providers .
this will [make sure] that there will be no bias between public and private sector providers .

We want to ensure that all local taxpayers reap these benefits .
we want to [make sure] that all local taxpayers reap these benefits .

How on earth can the Government ensure that tenant participation takes place if they force through a tendering process which will not necessarily guarantee the tenant involvement we want ?
how on earth can the government [make sure] that tenant participation takes place if they force through a tendering process which will not necessarily guarantee the tenant involvement we want ?

Indeed , the cheapest price , which competition will principally lead to , may ensure the worst service .
indeed , the cheapest price , which competition will principally lead to , may [make sure] the worst service .

We have a duty , as the authority that extracts money from the taxpayer and then spends it on buying services for the taxpayer , to ensure that every pound we spend on the taxpayers ' behalf buys as much as it possibly can .
we have a duty , as the authority that extracts money from the taxpayer and then spends it on buying services for the taxpayer , to [make sure] that every pound we spend on the taxpayers ' behalf buys as much as it possibly can .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the secret of contracting out is the drawing up of a contract between those who buy a service and those who supply it , and that , together with independent inspection , that is an essential ingredient to ensure that quality and standards are maintained in the public 's interest ?
does my hon. friend agree that the secret of contracting out is the drawing up of a contract between those who buy a service and those who supply it , and that , together with independent inspection , that is an essential ingredient to [make sure] that quality and standards are maintained in the public 's interest ?

The Labour party will ensure that Scottish Labour Members are represented , but will the Government ensure that there is Scottish representation in the Conservative party ?
the labour party will [make sure] that scottish labour members are represented , but will the government [make sure] that there is scottish representation in the conservative party ?

The Government should be negotiating on the basic question of the European central bank , to ensure that , in the Prime Minister 's words to me , ’ a European central bank would be accountable to a directly elected body . ’
the government should be negotiating on the basic question of the european central bank , to [make sure] that , in the prime minister 's words to me , ’ a european central bank would be accountable to a directly elected body . ’

The Government should be fighting hard , especially given the importance to the economy generally , and of jobs in particular , to ensure that the bank 's location is established even as the European monetary institute is established .
the government should be fighting hard , especially given the importance to the economy generally , and of jobs in particular , to [make sure] that the bank 's location is established even as the european monetary institute is established .

Britain has one last chance to ensure that it is part of the considerations in the emerging power block .
britain has one last chance to [make sure] that it is part of the considerations in the emerging power block .

It has a chance to influence that power bloc , democratise its institutions , correct the many faults in the present European community institutions , bring the new financial centre to London , and ensure that the bloc is a benign institution , shouldering world problems and finding aid and defence solutions to them .
it has a chance to influence that power bloc , democratise its institutions , correct the many faults in the present european community institutions , bring the new financial centre to london , and [make sure] that the bloc is a benign institution , shouldering world problems and finding aid and defence solutions to them .

Therefore , they need the democratic powers and the rights of the European Parliament to be developed to ensure that those who are elected can be called to account .
therefore , they need the democratic powers and the rights of the european parliament to be developed to [make sure] that those who are elected can be called to account .

Will the Leader of the House arrange for the Home Secretary to make a statement next week about political asylum fraud ? Will he ensure specifically that the Home Secretary gives an assurance that no pressure or persuasion is being applied to the Metropolitan police in the case of Mr. Mohinder Paul Singh Bedi of Hayes to halt their inquiries or withdraw requests to investigate the bank accounts of Members of Parliament who have business or other links with Mr. Bedi ?
will the leader of the house arrange for the home secretary to make a statement next week about political asylum fraud ? will he [make sure] specifically that the home secretary gives an assurance that no pressure or persuasion is being applied to the metropolitan police in the case of mr. mohinder paul singh bedi of hayes to halt their inquiries or withdraw requests to investigate the bank accounts of members of parliament who have business or other links with mr. bedi ?

Will my right hon. Friend note that , with 82 hon. Members wishing to express an opinion in the debate later this afternoon , any suggestion that the additional two hours provided is adequate is clearly wide of the mark ? Will he give the House an assurance that , when we discuss the post-Maastricht position , the debate will be unlimited ? On his discussions with Front-Bench Members , in the absence of a commitment to a referendum , will he ensure that , at least on this side of the House , there is a free vote ?
will my right hon. friend note that , with 82 hon. members wishing to express an opinion in the debate later this afternoon , any suggestion that the additional two hours provided is adequate is clearly wide of the mark ? will he give the house an assurance that , when we discuss the post-maastricht position , the debate will be unlimited ? on his discussions with front-bench members , in the absence of a commitment to a referendum , will he [make sure] that , at least on this side of the house , there is a free vote ?

Is the Leader of the House aware that the representatives of every medical and professional body in Aberdeen and Grampian region oppose the opt-out application for Foresterhill hospitals ? Although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago , does he recollect that every candidate in the Kincardine and Deeside by-election , including his own , expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals ? Will he ensure that next week the Secretary of State for Scotland comes to the House and rejects the proposals out of hand ?
is the leader of the house aware that the representatives of every medical and professional body in aberdeen and grampian region oppose the opt-out application for foresterhill hospitals ? although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago , does he recollect that every candidate in the kincardine and deeside by-election , including his own , expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals ? will he [make sure] that next week the secretary of state for scotland comes to the house and rejects the proposals out of hand ?

As returning stolen goods is different from aid , will my right hon. Friend ensure that , when the Foreign Secretary makes a statement on the return of the gold stolen by the Labour Government with the assistance of the then leaders of the Liberal party and is replaced in the Bank of England to the order of the Governments of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , that statement is not confused with an agreement on giving aid , which is a wholly different matter ?
as returning stolen goods is different from aid , will my right hon. friend [make sure] that , when the foreign secretary makes a statement on the return of the gold stolen by the labour government with the assistance of the then leaders of the liberal party and is replaced in the bank of england to the order of the governments of estonia , latvia and lithuania , that statement is not confused with an agreement on giving aid , which is a wholly different matter ?

It is absolutely essential to ensure that , so long as the possibility of control or influence over the Russian republics remains , steps are taken to bring about a strategic arms reduction .
it is absolutely essential to [make sure] that , so long as the possibility of control or influence over the russian republics remains , steps are taken to bring about a strategic arms reduction .

One of the concerns of people in the north is whether sufficient finances will be provided to ensure that the project about which the Secretary of State spoke a few months ago will be allowed to continue .
one of the concerns of people in the north is whether sufficient finances will be provided to [make sure] that the project about which the secretary of state spoke a few months ago will be allowed to continue .

and learned Friend to give us the assurance that there will be funds — public funds if necessary — to ensure that the King 's Cross scheme goes ahead ?
and learned friend to give us the assurance that there will be funds — public funds if necessary — to [make sure] that the king 's cross scheme goes ahead ?

If the Government are sincere about the Bill , they should not hesitate to give assurances to the House and the country that the money will be found to ensure that a link will be provided and that services will be available to the communities in the regions , and particularly the north , from the channel tunnel .
if the government are sincere about the bill , they should not hesitate to give assurances to the house and the country that the money will be found to [make sure] that a link will be provided and that services will be available to the communities in the regions , and particularly the north , from the channel tunnel .

Ostensibly objective textual scholarship adopted editorial policies which for many years worked to ensure the above assumptions could be confirmed .
ostensibly objective textual scholarship adopted editorial policies which for many years worked to [make sure] the above assumptions could be confirmed .

New Historicists acting to ensure selected texts survive and are allowed to maintain their power ?
new historicists acting to [make sure] selected texts survive and are allowed to maintain their power ?

This was in keeping with the desires of poets such as Spenser to have their work accepted seriously by high culture and who , thus , sought conditions of production which would ensure they addressed an exclusive audience .
this was in keeping with the desires of poets such as spenser to have their work accepted seriously by high culture and who , thus , sought conditions of production which would [make sure] they addressed an exclusive audience .

There were , though , no organised mechanisms to ensure that the play performed was the play written .
there were , though , no organised mechanisms to [make sure] that the play performed was the play written .

Ensure reflect need to move people and products rather than vehicles .
[make sure] reflect need to move people and products rather than vehicles .

Markets do not ensure that producers respond to human needs , only to the needs of those who have the necessary purchasing power .
markets do not [make sure] that producers respond to human needs , only to the needs of those who have the necessary purchasing power .

Planning can ensure high levels of income equality .
planning can [make sure] high levels of income equality .

When , as in the case of insurance , West Germany contemplated the competition from the City of London which would follow in the wake of measures to ensure freedom to supply insurance services , the unanimity rule provided ample scope for postponing the evil day .
when , as in the case of insurance , west germany contemplated the competition from the city of london which would follow in the wake of measures to [make sure] freedom to supply insurance services , the unanimity rule provided ample scope for postponing the evil day .

In order to make accountability possible , managers must have enough authority to ensure that their subordinates can do the work assigned to them .
in order to make accountability possible , managers must have enough authority to [make sure] that their subordinates can do the work assigned to them .

The Centre is required to become self-supporting so that it is necessary to establish links with government and the business and commercial worlds and to ensure that the programs it produces for the academic community are also attractive to the commercial market-place .
the centre is required to become self-supporting so that it is necessary to establish links with government and the business and commercial worlds and to [make sure] that the programs it produces for the academic community are also attractive to the commercial market-place .

Work therefore needs to be done to ensure that administrative records are retained sensibly , since it would be impossible to preserve every piece of information for ever .
work therefore needs to be done to [make sure] that administrative records are retained sensibly , since it would be impossible to preserve every piece of information for ever .

If using copper , replace galvanised water cisterns and tanks ; if using plastic , ensure metal fittings in bathrooms and kitchens ( sinks , baths and taps ) are electrically bonded to earth .
if using copper , replace galvanised water cisterns and tanks ; if using plastic , [make sure] metal fittings in bathrooms and kitchens ( sinks , baths and taps ) are electrically bonded to earth .

To ensure an adequate flow of water , feed pipes should generally be 22mm .
to [make sure] an adequate flow of water , feed pipes should generally be 22mm .

Pressure-reducing valve to ensure that the actual pressure in the system does not exceed a safe level ( typically ⅓ Of the test pressure of the hot water cylinder )
pressure-reducing valve to [make sure] that the actual pressure in the system does not exceed a safe level ( typically ⅓ of the test pressure of the hot water cylinder )

Modern single-stack drainage systems allow them to mix above ground , though there are stringent design requirements to ensure that the drains do not pose any risk to health .
modern single-stack drainage systems allow them to mix above ground , though there are stringent design requirements to [make sure] that the drains do not pose any risk to health .

This is to ensure that the gully does not get blocked by leaves and other debris and also so that the action of the water gushing into the gully is to clean it .
this is to [make sure] that the gully does not get blocked by leaves and other debris and also so that the action of the water gushing into the gully is to clean it .

Drains should ideally be laid in straight lines between inspection chambers and should always fall away from the house with the correct gradient to ensure that the flow through the pipe is fast enough to ensure solid matter is carried along .
drains should ideally be laid in straight lines between inspection chambers and should always fall away from the house with the correct gradient to [make sure] that the flow through the pipe is fast enough to [make sure] solid matter is carried along .

Special ‘ dip-pipes ’ ensure this .
special ‘ dip-pipes ’ [make sure] this .

When using a plunger , ensure that it seals well on to the surface ( smearing petroleum jelly on to the rubber surface helps ) and that you do n't simply pump the water up the overflow pipe and back into the sink — hold a wet cloth tightly over the overflow while using one .
when using a plunger , [make sure] that it seals well on to the surface ( smearing petroleum jelly on to the rubber surface helps ) and that you do n't simply pump the water up the overflow pipe and back into the sink — hold a wet cloth tightly over the overflow while using one .

He had been warning Matilda , reminding her that she could still threaten Edmund 's safety to ensure Isabel 's obedience .
he had been warning matilda , reminding her that she could still threaten edmund 's safety to [make sure] isabel 's obedience .

While the wind waits we must ensure the harvest
while the wind waits we must [make sure] the harvest

In order to support these three elements and to ensure that schemes are updated , it is important to have some organization which takes responsibility for revision and publication .
in order to support these three elements and to [make sure] that schemes are updated , it is important to have some organization which takes responsibility for revision and publication .

Appropriate revision should ensure that the scheme keeps up to date , but large scale reclassifying remains unpopular and an uneasy balance between updating and stability must be maintained ; this balance is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain as knowledge changes rapidly .
appropriate revision should [make sure] that the scheme keeps up to date , but large scale reclassifying remains unpopular and an uneasy balance between updating and stability must be maintained ; this balance is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain as knowledge changes rapidly .

Probably one of the most essential resources is sufficient time for initial thesaurus construction to ensure that the compilation is of a high quality .
probably one of the most essential resources is sufficient time for initial thesaurus construction to [make sure] that the compilation is of a high quality .

If that were the case , then atavistic professional instincts and the terrifying imminence of the first night would ensure that he knew the part by the time they opened .
if that were the case , then atavistic professional instincts and the terrifying imminence of the first night would [make sure] that he knew the part by the time they opened .

One of the reasons why people in his position were paid so much money was because their presence could often ensure the survival of a production and keep the rest of the company in employment .
one of the reasons why people in his position were paid so much money was because their presence could often [make sure] the survival of a production and keep the rest of the company in employment .

She had to ensure that he never touched her again .
she had to [make sure] that he never touched her again .

The property of single-peakedness exhibited by the first model has been shown ( Black , 1948 ) to ensure existence of a voting equilibrium .
the property of single-peakedness exhibited by the first model has been shown ( black , 1948 ) to [make sure] existence of a voting equilibrium .

The head of an agency can not typically ensure that his subordinates behave in a way that is exactly specified ; he can only design a policy to which they respond , and his perception of their response shapes the design .
the head of an agency can not typically [make sure] that his subordinates behave in a way that is exactly specified ; he can only design a policy to which they respond , and his perception of their response shapes the design .

Thus , since it is large ‘ failures ’ that are easily detected and that , as a consequence , reap penalties , methods are sought to ensure that large risks that entail high probabilities of failure are not undertaken or , if undertaken , that responsibility does not rest on any single individual , for example by requiring consultation among a number of individuals .
thus , since it is large ‘ failures ’ that are easily detected and that , as a consequence , reap penalties , methods are sought to [make sure] that large risks that entail high probabilities of failure are not undertaken or , if undertaken , that responsibility does not rest on any single individual , for example by requiring consultation among a number of individuals .

‘ So why are you bothering ? Why are you going to so much trouble to ensure that it succeeds ? ’
‘ so why are you bothering ? why are you going to so much trouble to [make sure] that it succeeds ? ’

Came quite deliberately , though as usual Hilda had made plenty of noise coming down the stairs to ensure that her presence was known .
came quite deliberately , though as usual hilda had made plenty of noise coming down the stairs to [make sure] that her presence was known .

Whereas it is therefore necessary to establish common rules for the licensing by Member States of the construction and operation of the generating installations and transmission and distribution lines and to take such other steps as are required in order to ensure the effective functioning of the internal market .
whereas it is therefore necessary to establish common rules for the licensing by member states of the construction and operation of the generating installations and transmission and distribution lines and to take such other steps as are required in order to [make sure] the effective functioning of the internal market .

Whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .
whereas the need to [make sure] a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .

The perceived role of the Court and of the Commission as the twin guardians of the Treaty will be sufficient in practice to ensure that the Commission will determine the limits of its own field of competence so far as Article 38 and subsidiarity are concerned .
the perceived role of the court and of the commission as the twin guardians of the treaty will be sufficient in practice to [make sure] that the commission will determine the limits of its own field of competence so far as article 38 and subsidiarity are concerned .

The Council shall ensure that these principles are complied with .
the council shall [make sure] that these principles are complied with .

In other words , the constant term in the economist 's model — equation ( 4.29 ) — will fall , and by such an extent to ensure that the level of real output on average will equal the same as it did before , even though monetary growth is higher under the new policy regime .
in other words , the constant term in the economist 's model — equation ( 4.29 ) — will fall , and by such an extent to [make sure] that the level of real output on average will equal the same as it did before , even though monetary growth is higher under the new policy regime .

For example , if the expected price level always equals last period 's price level then , by linking the change in the money supply to last period 's price level , it will always be possible to ensure that the actual price level exceeds the expected price level and hence that output is kept above its natural level .
for example , if the expected price level always equals last period 's price level then , by linking the change in the money supply to last period 's price level , it will always be possible to [make sure] that the actual price level exceeds the expected price level and hence that output is kept above its natural level .

By setting γ 2 equal to - 1 the government can ensure that next period 's price level is immune to current shocks .
by setting γ 2 equal to - 1 the government can [make sure] that next period 's price level is immune to current shocks .

On the corner of Carter Lane , with the mass of St Paul 's cathedral towering above us , we had to pause whilst labourers using ward hooks pulled down the still smouldering , blackening timbers of a burnt-out tenement to ensure no spark ignited neighbouring houses .
on the corner of carter lane , with the mass of st paul 's cathedral towering above us , we had to pause whilst labourers using ward hooks pulled down the still smouldering , blackening timbers of a burnt-out tenement to [make sure] no spark ignited neighbouring houses .

Sir John and Lady Beatrice vehemently objected to this , so Benjamin offered to supervise the soldiers and ensure it was not used as a pretext for theft or pillage .
sir john and lady beatrice vehemently objected to this , so benjamin offered to supervise the soldiers and [make sure] it was not used as a pretext for theft or pillage .

It is , of course , important to ensure that reference and sample spectra are recorded under the same conditions of phase , temperature , concentration and instrument resolution so that the comparison can be as detailed and reliable as possible .
it is , of course , important to [make sure] that reference and sample spectra are recorded under the same conditions of phase , temperature , concentration and instrument resolution so that the comparison can be as detailed and reliable as possible .

Vibrational spectroscopy has been used successfully for quantitative analysis , but considerable care is needed to ensure accurate results .
vibrational spectroscopy has been used successfully for quantitative analysis , but considerable care is needed to [make sure] accurate results .

We must eliminate any sources of broadening contributed by the instrument or sample , to ensure that narrow peaks rather than broad bands are present in the spectra .
we must eliminate any sources of broadening contributed by the instrument or sample , to [make sure] that narrow peaks rather than broad bands are present in the spectra .

Such unrepresentative surfaces can be stripped away by bombardment of the sample with electrons or ions , and this is often done as a routine precaution to ensure that the surface examined is typical of the bulk material .
such unrepresentative surfaces can be stripped away by bombardment of the sample with electrons or ions , and this is often done as a routine precaution to [make sure] that the surface examined is typical of the bulk material .

They stopped at the Three Tuns tavern to ensure their horses had been well stabled .
they stopped at the three tuns tavern to [make sure] their horses had been well stabled .

The initial procedure in preparing for analysis is the systematic checking of the materials to ensure that identification numbers and labels are all present and legible .
the initial procedure in preparing for analysis is the systematic checking of the materials to [make sure] that identification numbers and labels are all present and legible .

Nevertheless , most investigators remove the salts before subjecting the samples to pipette , hydrometer or Coulter analysis , in all of which some dispersing agent is introduced to ensure separation of individual particles .
nevertheless , most investigators remove the salts before subjecting the samples to pipette , hydrometer or coulter analysis , in all of which some dispersing agent is introduced to [make sure] separation of individual particles .

The face has enough ‘ key ’ to ensure bonding with resin .
the face has enough ‘ key ’ to [make sure] bonding with resin .

In most cases it is more important to note the regional trends ; thus care must be taken to ensure that these are not obscured by local variations .
in most cases it is more important to note the regional trends ; thus care must be taken to [make sure] that these are not obscured by local variations .

They will obviously arrange their affairs so as to ensure a steady stream of maturing loans .
they will obviously arrange their affairs so as to [make sure] a steady stream of maturing loans .

Successive governments have been very careful to ensure that the benefits bought from a pension fund are taxed only once and strictly as deferred earned income .
successive governments have been very careful to [make sure] that the benefits bought from a pension fund are taxed only once and strictly as deferred earned income .

To ensure that the Bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 required that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their ‘ eligible ’ liabilities .
to [make sure] that the bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 required that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their ‘ eligible ’ liabilities .

The 1918 Act required LEAs to submit schemes of development , when requested by the Board of Education , to ensure that a fully national system of public education was being set up .
the 1918 act required leas to submit schemes of development , when requested by the board of education , to [make sure] that a fully national system of public education was being set up .

They were given powers to ensure adequate elementary and higher education within their areas ; and provision was made for existing schools to transfer to these new authorities .
they were given powers to [make sure] adequate elementary and higher education within their areas ; and provision was made for existing schools to transfer to these new authorities .

LEAs could provide nursery schools and classes ; they could provide or finance holiday classes , camps , play schemes , swimming baths , community centres and recreation facilities ; and were given the responsibility ( never implemented ) to ensure that all young people up to age 18 , and not otherwise in education , received part-time further education by attending a ‘ county college ’ for the equivalent of one day a week .
leas could provide nursery schools and classes ; they could provide or finance holiday classes , camps , play schemes , swimming baths , community centres and recreation facilities ; and were given the responsibility ( never implemented ) to [make sure] that all young people up to age 18 , and not otherwise in education , received part-time further education by attending a ‘ county college ’ for the equivalent of one day a week .

It empowered the Secretary of State to prescribe a common curriculum ( to be called the national curriculum ) for pupils of compulsory school age in maintained schools ( for details , see Chapter 10 ) , to set attainment targets for each of its constituent subjects at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , and to make arrangements for assessing how well these are met ; established a National Curriculum Council ( for England ) and a Curriculum Council for Wales to oversee the implementation and assessment of the national curriculum ; required LEAs , school governors and head teachers to ensure that the national curriculum is taught in all maintained schools .
it empowered the secretary of state to prescribe a common curriculum ( to be called the national curriculum ) for pupils of compulsory school age in maintained schools ( for details , see chapter 10 ) , to set attainment targets for each of its constituent subjects at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , and to make arrangements for assessing how well these are met ; established a national curriculum council ( for england ) and a curriculum council for wales to oversee the implementation and assessment of the national curriculum ; required leas , school governors and head teachers to [make sure] that the national curriculum is taught in all maintained schools .

It established mechanisms to ensure that the limits set by LEAs or governors on the number of pupils a maintained school admits are not lower than the school is physically capable of accommodating , normally the number admitted in 1979 , when school rolls were at their highest .
it established mechanisms to [make sure] that the limits set by leas or governors on the number of pupils a maintained school admits are not lower than the school is physically capable of accommodating , normally the number admitted in 1979 , when school rolls were at their highest .

Basic literacy , which was all that was aimed at , would allow the people to grasp more easily the intentions of the ruler and thus ensure their more effective cooperation in his policies .
basic literacy , which was all that was aimed at , would allow the people to grasp more easily the intentions of the ruler and thus [make sure] their more effective cooperation in his policies .

To ensure that his sovereign 's dignity was not slighted by any infringement of the precedence claimed by his representatives continued to be one of the major tasks of the European diplomat ; and the continuing importance of questions of precedence is shown by the continuing production of books which claimed to elucidate them .
to [make sure] that his sovereign 's dignity was not slighted by any infringement of the precedence claimed by his representatives continued to be one of the major tasks of the european diplomat ; and the continuing importance of questions of precedence is shown by the continuing production of books which claimed to elucidate them .

Part of our role as mathematics educators is to ensure that children know that the skills and background they bring to school are valued .
part of our role as mathematics educators is to [make sure] that children know that the skills and background they bring to school are valued .

We also need to ensure that all children are educated beyond an assumption that mathematics has one correct form .
we also need to [make sure] that all children are educated beyond an assumption that mathematics has one correct form .

In mathematics education , we need to re-examine our approaches to ensure pupils see mathematics as for , and about , everyone , thus promoting recognition of mathematics as an activity we can all engage in .
in mathematics education , we need to re-examine our approaches to [make sure] pupils see mathematics as for , and about , everyone , thus promoting recognition of mathematics as an activity we can all engage in .

We also need to ensure that we do not ignore the importance of talk for bilingual pupils because of our own inability to speak a particular language .
we also need to [make sure] that we do not ignore the importance of talk for bilingual pupils because of our own inability to speak a particular language .

It is important that we ensure that the materials we use are a reflection of attitudes and expectations more suited to a diverse society , so many teachers may feel they need to collect a more multicultural range of resources .
it is important that we [make sure] that the materials we use are a reflection of attitudes and expectations more suited to a diverse society , so many teachers may feel they need to collect a more multicultural range of resources .

Detailed consideration of all aspects of multicultural mathematics can help ensure ideas are introduced from a theoretical rather than a random basis .
detailed consideration of all aspects of multicultural mathematics can help [make sure] ideas are introduced from a theoretical rather than a random basis .

This means that we have to be doubly careful to ensure that multicultural mathematics does not become a second-class mathematics curriculum for multiracial urban schools .
this means that we have to be doubly careful to [make sure] that multicultural mathematics does not become a second-class mathematics curriculum for multiracial urban schools .

It should be clear from this article that a more multicultural approach would improve the quality of mathematics education , and that there is much that can be done to ensure that the mathematics we teach prepares children for our multicultural society .
it should be clear from this article that a more multicultural approach would improve the quality of mathematics education , and that there is much that can be done to [make sure] that the mathematics we teach prepares children for our multicultural society .

Instead , great efforts are made to ensure that boys do keep up , through , for example , remedial classes which continue into secondary schooling .
instead , great efforts are made to [make sure] that boys do keep up , through , for example , remedial classes which continue into secondary schooling .

There was also the belief that traditional methods ensure that everyone in the class gets the same information and that you therefore know what pupils have learned .
there was also the belief that traditional methods [make sure] that everyone in the class gets the same information and that you therefore know what pupils have learned .

When Joanne worked on more open-ended work , she liked to have a whole class session to ensure that everyone had ‘ got the basic idea ’ .
when joanne worked on more open-ended work , she liked to have a whole class session to [make sure] that everyone had ‘ got the basic idea ’ .

But it would , meanwhile , regularise his affairs and ensure proper continuity , proper attention to investments , and so on .
but it would , meanwhile , regularise his affairs and [make sure] proper continuity , proper attention to investments , and so on .

They met him and agreed to pay him an extra £10,300 at £575 per flat to ensure that he continued with the work and completed on time .
they met him and agreed to pay him an extra £10,300 at £575 per flat to [make sure] that he continued with the work and completed on time .

This , the Committee believed , should be brought about by the establishment of education advisory services with one adviser per 20,000 population and with a minimum staff of fifteen to ensure adequate curriculum cover .
this , the committee believed , should be brought about by the establishment of education advisory services with one adviser per 20,000 population and with a minimum staff of fifteen to [make sure] adequate curriculum cover .

By concentrating on the diffusion stage , which was perceived as the weak point of instrumental approaches , interactive approaches sought to ensure the spread of change by taking into account the way in which the social relationships affected the adoption of an initiative ( Slater , 1985 ) .
by concentrating on the diffusion stage , which was perceived as the weak point of instrumental approaches , interactive approaches sought to [make sure] the spread of change by taking into account the way in which the social relationships affected the adoption of an initiative ( slater , 1985 ) .

Such a strategy assumes not only that the user will be persuaded by the rational appeal of the initiative ( as in instrumental approaches ) but that it will be ‘ legitimized by a range of social and cultural values , attitudes and skills to ensure commitment on the part of the initial users to adopt it .
such a strategy assumes not only that the user will be persuaded by the rational appeal of the initiative ( as in instrumental approaches ) but that it will be ‘ legitimized by a range of social and cultural values , attitudes and skills to [make sure] commitment on the part of the initial users to adopt it .

Firstly , it was difficult to ensure that teachers would act as anticipated by those who had set the project objectives — changes were not internalized by teachers and made routine in their classrooms ( Richards , 1983 ; Slater , 1985 ) .
firstly , it was difficult to [make sure] that teachers would act as anticipated by those who had set the project objectives — changes were not internalized by teachers and made routine in their classrooms ( richards , 1983 ; slater , 1985 ) .

Familiarity with the local history of the area is very important , as detailed local knowledge , both on the ground and with the available documents and old maps , will ensure that all remaining features of such deserted settlements will be found .
familiarity with the local history of the area is very important , as detailed local knowledge , both on the ground and with the available documents and old maps , will [make sure] that all remaining features of such deserted settlements will be found .

The Imperial 's staff , torn between a natural amour propre that a rival team had been imported to cook for the Prince of Wales and relief that they would not be responsible for royalty 's displeasure ( yet with the ignoble hope that they might get all the credit ) , watched anxiously to ensure that the incoming team was competent .
the imperial 's staff , torn between a natural amour propre that a rival team had been imported to cook for the prince of wales and relief that they would not be responsible for royalty 's displeasure ( yet with the ignoble hope that they might get all the credit ) , watched anxiously to [make sure] that the incoming team was competent .

New business continues to be gained through the availability of technically advanced decorative systems and an ongoing research and development programme will ensure that future legislative requirements are satisfied .
new business continues to be gained through the availability of technically advanced decorative systems and an ongoing research and development programme will [make sure] that future legislative requirements are satisfied .

We organise reviews and evaluations to ensure compliance with statutory obligations and group and local policies , although it is our aim to work to higher standards .
we organise reviews and evaluations to [make sure] compliance with statutory obligations and group and local policies , although it is our aim to work to higher standards .

Eliminate or reduce polluting releases and all forms of waste for disposal to ensure the minimum interference with the environment .
eliminate or reduce polluting releases and all forms of waste for disposal to [make sure] the minimum interference with the environment .

Design and maintain processes , facilities and equipment to ensure a safe working environment .
design and maintain processes , facilities and equipment to [make sure] a safe working environment .

Take the example of St-Germain-des-Prés on the west bank of the Seine at Paris : here the landlord , the monastic community , organised peasant transport services not only so as to ensure the abbey 's food supply but to permit the sale of surplus wine and corn .
take the example of st-germain-des-prés on the west bank of the seine at paris : here the landlord , the monastic community , organised peasant transport services not only so as to [make sure] the abbey 's food supply but to permit the sale of surplus wine and corn .

The church was therefore prepared to put its money where its mouth was : churchmen in Charles 's reign might complain bitterly of the economic burdens of military service and fiscal exactions borne by their particular churches , but they never questioned the right and duty of kings to impose these on the church at large in order to ensure the well-being of the Christian people .
the church was therefore prepared to put its money where its mouth was : churchmen in charles 's reign might complain bitterly of the economic burdens of military service and fiscal exactions borne by their particular churches , but they never questioned the right and duty of kings to impose these on the church at large in order to [make sure] the well-being of the christian people .

The chief officers of the household had to ensure that `` hearts were kept aflame for the king 's service `` .
the chief officers of the household had to [make sure] that `` hearts were kept aflame for the king 's service `` .

Please could you also ensure that the delay in making this request does not mean that the work is excessively held back .
please could you also [make sure] that the delay in making this request does not mean that the work is excessively held back .

There are no objections raised provided the necessary conditons are imposed to ensure that the caravan is removed once work on the barn is complete .
there are no objections raised provided the necessary conditons are imposed to [make sure] that the caravan is removed once work on the barn is complete .

Please could you ensure that this is made clear on any notices that are put up and that the contractors doing the work are also aware that pedestrians , cyclists and people requiring access to property are to be allowed through .
please could you [make sure] that this is made clear on any notices that are put up and that the contractors doing the work are also aware that pedestrians , cyclists and people requiring access to property are to be allowed through .

Let me know what controls are operated to ensure that a group is in fact one of these organisations — do they have to inform your department , for example , and do you make any checks on short-term caravan rallies .
let me know what controls are operated to [make sure] that a group is in fact one of these organisations — do they have to inform your department , for example , and do you make any checks on short-term caravan rallies .

Will you please ensure that this request is put before the appropriate committee as part of the coming budget cycle .
will you please [make sure] that this request is put before the appropriate committee as part of the coming budget cycle .

a ) Ensure that appropriate signs are used .
a ) [make sure] that appropriate signs are used .

b ) Ensure that the signs are removed as soon as they no longer apply .
b ) [make sure] that the signs are removed as soon as they no longer apply .

Please could you ensure that cheques drawn on the above account are returned to me after they have been cashed .
please could you [make sure] that cheques drawn on the above account are returned to me after they have been cashed .

As you will appreciate , my main concern is to ensure that the Parish Council has a chance to comment on any changes .
as you will appreciate , my main concern is to [make sure] that the parish council has a chance to comment on any changes .

To keep a large staff informed requires that senior staff are used by the head to spread information , to note reaction and to ensure feedback .
to keep a large staff informed requires that senior staff are used by the head to spread information , to note reaction and to [make sure] feedback .

Beyond these , who are almost automatically involved in the process , stand librarians who make efforts to ensure that early reading is given prominence in both public and school library collections , social workers who know the importance of gearing the mind and interest of parents to the needs and interests of their children , and health visitors who encourage new mothers to talk and play with their babies in ways which allow growth and development to be marked by natural milestones of awareness and understanding .
beyond these , who are almost automatically involved in the process , stand librarians who make efforts to [make sure] that early reading is given prominence in both public and school library collections , social workers who know the importance of gearing the mind and interest of parents to the needs and interests of their children , and health visitors who encourage new mothers to talk and play with their babies in ways which allow growth and development to be marked by natural milestones of awareness and understanding .

If managers fail to ensure this confident grasp — together with an equally confident openness to questions about the future needs of their learners — they will betray the ideals of that type of schooling which requires the co-operation of partners rather than the criticism of consumers .
if managers fail to [make sure] this confident grasp — together with an equally confident openness to questions about the future needs of their learners — they will betray the ideals of that type of schooling which requires the co-operation of partners rather than the criticism of consumers .

At first LEAs made annual bids and had to ensure that money was passed to schools .
at first leas made annual bids and had to [make sure] that money was passed to schools .

An incompetent head is one who fails to master the task of reconciling a management plan with a financial plan , who fails to communicate and to ensure enough understanding for the financial plan with his or her teacher colleagues and who is unable to engage with governors at a level where there is both trust and understanding .
an incompetent head is one who fails to master the task of reconciling a management plan with a financial plan , who fails to communicate and to [make sure] enough understanding for the financial plan with his or her teacher colleagues and who is unable to engage with governors at a level where there is both trust and understanding .

This is to ensure a fair split of staff to each representative due to the small number of staff in some departments .
this is to [make sure] a fair split of staff to each representative due to the small number of staff in some departments .

Both Systems division and New Business are involved at an early stage to ensure that we have adequate procedures in force to process the anticipated business efficiently .
both systems division and new business are involved at an early stage to [make sure] that we have adequate procedures in force to process the anticipated business efficiently .

Training department need to ensure the competency of our company representatives before the Bond goes on sale .
training department need to [make sure] the competency of our company representatives before the bond goes on sale .

The magazine is a team effort consisting of a core of people at Craigforth who ensure that the magazine is produced .
the magazine is a team effort consisting of a core of people at craigforth who [make sure] that the magazine is produced .

The big day arrives , the sun shines , the interest of the agents in our new protection contracts is enough to ensure a full house — or is it the choice of our unusual venue ?
the big day arrives , the sun shines , the interest of the agents in our new protection contracts is enough to [make sure] a full house — or is it the choice of our unusual venue ?

With five biting the dust already the family have had to undergo training to ensure the new ones are kept in a safe place .
with five biting the dust already the family have had to undergo training to [make sure] the new ones are kept in a safe place .

The mix of helping to innovate and introduce change within the Company together with the constant technological advances in the market-place ensure there are always plenty of challenges .
the mix of helping to innovate and introduce change within the company together with the constant technological advances in the market-place [make sure] there are always plenty of challenges .

Over the next twelve months , the Agency will be working intensively with Glasgow companies to ensure they are fit to compete and to handle the particular business challenges presented by a period of growth .
over the next twelve months , the agency will be working intensively with glasgow companies to [make sure] they are fit to compete and to handle the particular business challenges presented by a period of growth .

They had to achieve a total military victory in order also to impose the total political victory which would at once provide ex post legitimation for the rising and enable them to ensure that there would be no return to pre-July 1936 conditions .
they had to achieve a total military victory in order also to impose the total political victory which would at once provide ex post legitimation for the rising and enable them to [make sure] that there would be no return to pre-july 1936 conditions .

Both were essential to ensure the stability of the regime .
both were essential to [make sure] the stability of the regime .

The Cortes had been opened in 1943 to ensure that `` the contrast of opinions `` remained within certain limits , but this was an action far exceeding those limits .
the cortes had been opened in 1943 to [make sure] that `` the contrast of opinions `` remained within certain limits , but this was an action far exceeding those limits .

The solution , therefore , was to make it look as though they did have a choice , but to ensure that they chose Franco .
the solution , therefore , was to make it look as though they did have a choice , but to [make sure] that they chose franco .

During the Second World War , in order to maintain Allied access to the Mediterranean , it had been enough to ensure Spain 's neutrality .
during the second world war , in order to maintain allied access to the mediterranean , it had been enough to [make sure] spain 's neutrality .

We were all happy with the work of in becoming a facilitator in the region but felt that she needed to have an outlet for displaying materials and that we needed to ensure a fair wage for the development education worker .
we were all happy with the work of in becoming a facilitator in the region but felt that she needed to have an outlet for displaying materials and that we needed to [make sure] a fair wage for the development education worker .

What is the role of the Nat Sec in relation to Area Secs and vice versa . Does Nat Sec have any responsibility at all to ensure that the work is being done , and if so what is Nat Sec expected to do if an Area Sec does not appear to be doing his/her job effectively ? Conversely , is the Area Sec under obligation to keep the Nat Sec in touch with his/her work , or is he/she answerable only to Ken ?
what is the role of the nat sec in relation to area secs and vice versa . does nat sec have any responsibility at all to [make sure] that the work is being done , and if so what is nat sec expected to do if an area sec does not appear to be doing his/her job effectively ? conversely , is the area sec under obligation to keep the nat sec in touch with his/her work , or is he/she answerable only to ken ?

To support the equal opportunities policy and ensure that staff are equipped to develop anti-racist practices in their work
to support the equal opportunities policy and [make sure] that staff are equipped to develop anti-racist practices in their work

Try to ensure that there are supporters for each of the choices — then let play commence .
try to [make sure] that there are supporters for each of the choices — then let play commence .

Finalised Lead Body standards have now been published and some fine tuning of the modules may be required to ensure that all the Lead Body standards are explicitly stated in the modules .
finalised lead body standards have now been published and some fine tuning of the modules may be required to [make sure] that all the lead body standards are explicitly stated in the modules .

Centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .
centres should [make sure] that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .

It is expected that centres will provide a range of the complementary modules and ensure a meaningful programme is offered .
it is expected that centres will provide a range of the complementary modules and [make sure] a meaningful programme is offered .

There should be an ongoing process of evaluation as the programme develops to ensure that it continues to meet the needs of the students and employers and enables the students to achieve its objectives .
there should be an ongoing process of evaluation as the programme develops to [make sure] that it continues to meet the needs of the students and employers and enables the students to achieve its objectives .

ensure each placement has a designated central contact whose experience , status and authority is sufficient to guarantee the quality of training ;
[make sure] each placement has a designated central contact whose experience , status and authority is sufficient to guarantee the quality of training ;

ensure each placement can provide all the resources needed to assess the module in accordance with the module descriptor ;
[make sure] each placement can provide all the resources needed to assess the module in accordance with the module descriptor ;

ensure each placement provides opportunity for personal development and adopts a student-centred approach which is responsive to the individual learning needs of the student ;
[make sure] each placement provides opportunity for personal development and adopts a student-centred approach which is responsive to the individual learning needs of the student ;

ensure the appropriate timing and structure of the work experience ;
[make sure] the appropriate timing and structure of the work experience ;

This module enables the student , from any type of work environment , to acquire an understanding of the obligations of employer and employee , in both common and statute law , to ensure the health and safety of employers , employees and the general public .
this module enables the student , from any type of work environment , to acquire an understanding of the obligations of employer and employee , in both common and statute law , to [make sure] the health and safety of employers , employees and the general public .

Centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .
centres should [make sure] that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .

by requiring that centres in which modules are to be offered meet a set of rigorous approval criteria , the aim of which is to ensure that appropriate staff , materials and resources are in place ;
by requiring that centres in which modules are to be offered meet a set of rigorous approval criteria , the aim of which is to [make sure] that appropriate staff , materials and resources are in place ;

It is necessary to ensure that each student meets all the performance criteria .
it is necessary to [make sure] that each student meets all the performance criteria .

Guidance should be given as appropriate to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .
guidance should be given as appropriate to [make sure] that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .

increase general awareness of the Commissioner and her role and to ensure , as far as reasonably practicable , that trade union members will have access to information about the assistance the Commissioner can provide and how to apply for that assistance .
increase general awareness of the commissioner and her role and to [make sure] , as far as reasonably practicable , that trade union members will have access to information about the assistance the commissioner can provide and how to apply for that assistance .

National courts have the duty to interpret and apply national law in such ways as to ensure that a real and effective sanction , i.e .
national courts have the duty to interpret and apply national law in such ways as to [make sure] that a real and effective sanction , i.e .

The St. John Ambulance brigade were available to check people 's blood pressure and offer health advice and also to ensure no one over-enjoyed the hospitality tent .
the st. john ambulance brigade were available to check people 's blood pressure and offer health advice and also to [make sure] no one over-enjoyed the hospitality tent .

For instance , The Health and Safety at Work Act ( 1974 ) and its associated regulations , impose duties on persons who design , manufacture , import or supply articles for use at work to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that they are safe , and to test them , provide proper information , carry out research with a view to the elimination of risks and to carry out other duties .
for instance , the health and safety at work act ( 1974 ) and its associated regulations , impose duties on persons who design , manufacture , import or supply articles for use at work to [make sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , that they are safe , and to test them , provide proper information , carry out research with a view to the elimination of risks and to carry out other duties .

Ensure Competence
[make sure] competence

Matching the job to the person will ensure that he or she is not overloaded and makes an effective contribution to the enterprise .
matching the job to the person will [make sure] that he or she is not overloaded and makes an effective contribution to the enterprise .

However , if a system is such that an error in the software alone could cause a fault , then care must be taken to ensure that the software is to the standard required by the application .
however , if a system is such that an error in the software alone could cause a fault , then care must be taken to [make sure] that the software is to the standard required by the application .

Similarly , engineers should seek to ensure that suppliers appreciate the quality and safety requirements of the products/processes which they are supplying .
similarly , engineers should seek to [make sure] that suppliers appreciate the quality and safety requirements of the products/processes which they are supplying .

When allocating tasks to contractors , engineers should seek to ensure that their requirements , particularly when safety–related , are communicated to those who will actually carry out the work .
when allocating tasks to contractors , engineers should seek to [make sure] that their requirements , particularly when safety–related , are communicated to those who will actually carry out the work .

The development of such further educational and training opportunities is encouraged and engineering employers should ensure that their staff have the time to keep up–to–date in this way .
the development of such further educational and training opportunities is encouraged and engineering employers should [make sure] that their staff have the time to keep up–to–date in this way .

Similarly , all engineers should seek to ensure that they receive the education and training they need , and that those working for them are also suitably developed .
similarly , all engineers should seek to [make sure] that they receive the education and training they need , and that those working for them are also suitably developed .

there was no effective system for weekend working to limit excessive hours , ensure availability of appropriately qualified staff and no overall timetable
there was no effective system for weekend working to limit excessive hours , [make sure] availability of appropriately qualified staff and no overall timetable

responsibility allocated to government minister to ensure that Standards and Codes of Practice are kept up to date and new ones issued as necessary .
responsibility allocated to government minister to [make sure] that standards and codes of practice are kept up to date and new ones issued as necessary .

Look for potential hazards , failures and risks associated with your field of work or work–place , and seek to ensure that they are appropriately addressed .
look for potential hazards , failures and risks associated with your field of work or work–place , and seek to [make sure] that they are appropriately addressed .

Communicate effectively with colleagues , both up and down the chain of responsibility , to help ensure that risk management activities are sufficiently comprehensive and understood .
communicate effectively with colleagues , both up and down the chain of responsibility , to help [make sure] that risk management activities are sufficiently comprehensive and understood .

Seek to ensure that all those involved with a project are aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , of any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .
seek to [make sure] that all those involved with a project are aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , of any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .

Give due attention to risk analysis , evaluation , decision making , implementation and monitoring during all phases of an engineering project to ensure effective management of risk .
give due attention to risk analysis , evaluation , decision making , implementation and monitoring during all phases of an engineering project to [make sure] effective management of risk .

Seek to ensure that management systems do not allow risk issues to be ignored , subverted or delegated to levels which have no control .
seek to [make sure] that management systems do not allow risk issues to be ignored , subverted or delegated to levels which have no control .

In the same month he told a Nuffield conference that his proposals should ensure that only 6 % of the workforce were unemployed .
in the same month he told a nuffield conference that his proposals should [make sure] that only 6 % of the workforce were unemployed .

Unless a society is to utilise only a fraction of the intelligence at its disposal it must obviously in one way or another make sufficient provision for vertical mobility to ensure that capacity passes , unimpeded by vulgar irrelevancies of class or income to the type of education fitted to develop it .
unless a society is to utilise only a fraction of the intelligence at its disposal it must obviously in one way or another make sufficient provision for vertical mobility to [make sure] that capacity passes , unimpeded by vulgar irrelevancies of class or income to the type of education fitted to develop it .

To ensure that descriptions corresponded to memories for events from the drive that subjects had just completed , as recorded on the video tape , descriptions were eliminated from the analysis if they included no correct details about the actual events at the junction .
to [make sure] that descriptions corresponded to memories for events from the drive that subjects had just completed , as recorded on the video tape , descriptions were eliminated from the analysis if they included no correct details about the actual events at the junction .

types of driving situation ) and thus ensure that within each category there was enough similarity to create sufficient potential distractors for each target .
types of driving situation ) and thus [make sure] that within each category there was enough similarity to create sufficient potential distractors for each target .

Ensure name of caller is correct .
[make sure] name of caller is correct .

Check with employee to ensure all outstanding overtime , expenses , mileage claims etc .
check with employee to [make sure] all outstanding overtime , expenses , mileage claims etc .

Ensure there is no petty cash owed and arrange for any outstanding telephone bills to be paid .
[make sure] there is no petty cash owed and arrange for any outstanding telephone bills to be paid .

( iii ) Ensure doctor 's certificate is received for 7 days or more illness
( iii ) [make sure] doctor 's certificate is received for 7 days or more illness

The following note is intended to act as a basic guide for future consultation exercises , to ensure a standard practice is adhered to wherever suitable .
the following note is intended to act as a basic guide for future consultation exercises , to [make sure] a standard practice is adhered to wherever suitable .

b prepare letter/s printed on unheaded paper ( if using different letters for different consultees , ensure separate references put on each letter type ) ;
b prepare letter/s printed on unheaded paper ( if using different letters for different consultees , [make sure] separate references put on each letter type ) ;

19 Discuss the possible requirements with the Regional Information Office and the Chairman ( if necessary ) in plenty time , to ensure any problems are resolved early .
19 discuss the possible requirements with the regional information office and the chairman ( if necessary ) in plenty time , to [make sure] any problems are resolved early .

If it is intended to set up an exhibition in the foyer at ( note address omitted ) , it is necessary to book the foyer area , and to ensure sufficient display boards will be available :
if it is intended to set up an exhibition in the foyer at ( note address omitted ) , it is necessary to book the foyer area , and to [make sure] sufficient display boards will be available :

It will be important to publicise the extended opening hours , to ensure the staff time is not wasted through the public 's ignorance of the service being provided .
it will be important to publicise the extended opening hours , to [make sure] the staff time is not wasted through the public 's ignorance of the service being provided .

Ensure that venues of a suitable size are chosen with regard to the likely attendance , to avoid turning people away .
[make sure] that venues of a suitable size are chosen with regard to the likely attendance , to avoid turning people away .

Also ensure exhibition ( and seating ) layouts are such as to avoid obstruction of extinguishers , alarms , exits ; that equipment is safe and stable ; and that circulation/emergency evacuation is not impeded .
also [make sure] exhibition ( and seating ) layouts are such as to avoid obstruction of extinguishers , alarms , exits ; that equipment is safe and stable ; and that circulation/emergency evacuation is not impeded .

Ensure they are given a contact name and phone number .
[make sure] they are given a contact name and phone number .

Ensure sufficient power cable is available to suit layout of venue .
[make sure] sufficient power cable is available to suit layout of venue .

Filling in these forms correctly will ensure that the first Council Tax bills will be as accurate as possible and take account of any entitlements to discount , exemptions or rebates .
filling in these forms correctly will [make sure] that the first council tax bills will be as accurate as possible and take account of any entitlements to discount , exemptions or rebates .

The Council undertakes to ensure that future changes in these terms will be entered in theses documents , or otherwise recorded for you to refer to , within 28 days of the change .
the council undertakes to [make sure] that future changes in these terms will be entered in theses documents , or otherwise recorded for you to refer to , within 28 days of the change .

To ensure that proper records are maintained for all work undertaken .
to [make sure] that proper records are maintained for all work undertaken .

To ensure the care , custody and proper use of standards and equipment allocated .
to [make sure] the care , custody and proper use of standards and equipment allocated .

To ensure that his/her own working practices and those of the staff for which he/she is responsible , comply with the Safety Policy and to report to their Head of Section any incident affecting health or safety .
to [make sure] that his/her own working practices and those of the staff for which he/she is responsible , comply with the safety policy and to report to their head of section any incident affecting health or safety .

To determine and monitor working practices of the staff for which he/she is responsible and to ensure compliance with all policies and procedures .
to determine and monitor working practices of the staff for which he/she is responsible and to [make sure] compliance with all policies and procedures .

To ensure that all complaints and enquiries directed to the section are competently handled .
to [make sure] that all complaints and enquiries directed to the section are competently handled .

As part of the re–organisation negotiations a revised working rota , attendance hours and bonus scheme has been worked out to ensure that existing employees contractual earnings are protected
as part of the re–organisation negotiations a revised working rota , attendance hours and bonus scheme has been worked out to [make sure] that existing employees contractual earnings are protected

6 Our memebers have had to fight to ensure that national agreements are honoured .
6 our memebers have had to fight to [make sure] that national agreements are honoured .

They are now fighting to ensure that the Council honours it 's local agreements .
they are now fighting to [make sure] that the council honours it 's local agreements .

It is felt that these require the full-time attention of a senior director to ensure complete compliance , that our company is at the forefront in this area and is proactive in improving our standards .
it is felt that these require the full-time attention of a senior director to [make sure] complete compliance , that our company is at the forefront in this area and is proactive in improving our standards .

So Wimpey 's commitment to providing affordable social housing should ensure that many further opportunities will arise .
so wimpey 's commitment to providing affordable social housing should [make sure] that many further opportunities will arise .

And it 's her job to ensure that each and every one of them is blooming lovely .
and it 's her job to [make sure] that each and every one of them is blooming lovely .

‘ Working in an environment like a hospital , pre-planning is vital to ensure the least possible disturbance , ’ says Dave Lomas , senior project manager .
‘ working in an environment like a hospital , pre-planning is vital to [make sure] the least possible disturbance , ’ says dave lomas , senior project manager .

This will ensure that we help the Group come through the worse recession in our industry for many years , and that we are in place and able to contribute to the future upturn in the market .
this will [make sure] that we help the group come through the worse recession in our industry for many years , and that we are in place and able to contribute to the future upturn in the market .

With term time in full swing , thoughtful planning was necessary to ensure that pupils ’ lessons would not be interrupted during construction .
with term time in full swing , thoughtful planning was necessary to [make sure] that pupils ’ lessons would not be interrupted during construction .

The aim of the audit is to select one contractor every two weeks and to check such things as the implementation of health and safety plans , to ensure that all documentation is in order and that safety training programmes are being undertaken on an ongoing basis .
the aim of the audit is to select one contractor every two weeks and to check such things as the implementation of health and safety plans , to [make sure] that all documentation is in order and that safety training programmes are being undertaken on an ongoing basis .

Because one of the by products of peat is methane , careful monitoring had to be carried out throughout the operation to ensure that there was no gas build up or migration .
because one of the by products of peat is methane , careful monitoring had to be carried out throughout the operation to [make sure] that there was no gas build up or migration .

And Wimpey has gone one stage further to ensure that even the openings to which the windows are fitted reduce air leakage .
and wimpey has gone one stage further to [make sure] that even the openings to which the windows are fitted reduce air leakage .

This will greatly assist our efforts to win work in this important market during the current tough times and ensure that we maximise opportunities as the country comes out of recession .
this will greatly assist our efforts to win work in this important market during the current tough times and [make sure] that we maximise opportunities as the country comes out of recession .

The objective is to ensure that all employees accept their individual responsibilities within the context of the law as it stands at the time .
the objective is to [make sure] that all employees accept their individual responsibilities within the context of the law as it stands at the time .

In the coming year , every one of us must raise the level of our performance , enhance our personal skills and ensure that we meet successfully the challenges of the current market and our planned expansion .
in the coming year , every one of us must raise the level of our performance , enhance our personal skills and [make sure] that we meet successfully the challenges of the current market and our planned expansion .

To ensure continuous improvement a culture change , from a top-down approach to a team driven system , had to be implemented within Noble Metals .
to [make sure] continuous improvement a culture change , from a top-down approach to a team driven system , had to be implemented within noble metals .

Communications have been improved to ensure that all employees clearly understand the goals and objectives of the Noble Metals organisation and the results that are being achieved .
communications have been improved to [make sure] that all employees clearly understand the goals and objectives of the noble metals organisation and the results that are being achieved .

To ensure high standards for the future , a number of management development programmes are now in place , including the Business Training Course .
to [make sure] high standards for the future , a number of management development programmes are now in place , including the business training course .

The theme stressed by Johnson Mattheys voluntary presenter , Peter Skinner , from the Chemicals and Process Development group at Royston , was that although precious metals are generally regarded as rare and costly their unique properties ensure that they are of surprising benefit to Society in many areas of everyday life .
the theme stressed by johnson mattheys voluntary presenter , peter skinner , from the chemicals and process development group at royston , was that although precious metals are generally regarded as rare and costly their unique properties [make sure] that they are of surprising benefit to society in many areas of everyday life .

He outlined the Board strategy to ensure high calibre managers throughout the company , which includes the annual opportunity of the Group Management Development Programme attended by managers nominated from throughout Europe .
he outlined the board strategy to [make sure] high calibre managers throughout the company , which includes the annual opportunity of the group management development programme attended by managers nominated from throughout europe .

Indeed , it is only matters of contingent fact which ensure that the phrase royal hatmaker cited in ( 7 ) will not be seen as ambiguous in this way .
indeed , it is only matters of contingent fact which [make sure] that the phrase royal hatmaker cited in ( 7 ) will not be seen as ambiguous in this way .

Exemptions from paying tithes and from visitation were granted to the Order , for the Cistercians had their own developed machinery of the general chapter which met annually at Cîteaux to ensure the maintenance of the rule .
exemptions from paying tithes and from visitation were granted to the order , for the cistercians had their own developed machinery of the general chapter which met annually at cîteaux to [make sure] the maintenance of the rule .

If you are unable to attend for work for any reason , you must ensure that your immediate Manager is informed before 10 am on the first day of absence so that arrangements can be made to deal with your work .
if you are unable to attend for work for any reason , you must [make sure] that your immediate manager is informed before 10 am on the first day of absence so that arrangements can be made to deal with your work .

Every effort will be made to ensure that the information held is accurate and up-to-date and it is in your own interest to tell the Personnel Department if your personal circumstances change ; for example , if you get married or move house .
every effort will be made to [make sure] that the information held is accurate and up-to-date and it is in your own interest to tell the personnel department if your personal circumstances change ; for example , if you get married or move house .

He/She will ensure , through the Personnel Department , that the Pay Department is informed .
he/she will [make sure] , through the personnel department , that the pay department is informed .

On return to work , you will be required to submit to your Manager evidence of all monies received whilst attending jury service ; he/she will ensure that the Personnel and Pay Departments are informed as necessary .
on return to work , you will be required to submit to your manager evidence of all monies received whilst attending jury service ; he/she will [make sure] that the personnel and pay departments are informed as necessary .

Teaching requirements ensure that within any department there will be expertise in all of these fields , but research interests will inevitably concentrate on a few aspects .
teaching requirements [make sure] that within any department there will be expertise in all of these fields , but research interests will inevitably concentrate on a few aspects .

By publishing research , the scientist is in fact giving away his intellectual property , but if his paper influences others , they , in citing it , will ensure the future security of the original author 's ownership of that intellectual property .
by publishing research , the scientist is in fact giving away his intellectual property , but if his paper influences others , they , in citing it , will [make sure] the future security of the original author 's ownership of that intellectual property .

The formal environment within which this form of communication takes place ; the circulation of preprints or abstracts prior to conferences ; the peer review involved in the selection of speakers and topics ; and the public nature of the talks , all ensure that this form of oral presentation is a much more structured and circumscribed communication than a mere conversation .
the formal environment within which this form of communication takes place ; the circulation of preprints or abstracts prior to conferences ; the peer review involved in the selection of speakers and topics ; and the public nature of the talks , all [make sure] that this form of oral presentation is a much more structured and circumscribed communication than a mere conversation .

The communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .
the communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can [make sure] that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .

It was not a simple matter of carrying out fieldwork , thinking about the results , publishing them , and waiting for peer review to ensure the next research grant .
it was not a simple matter of carrying out fieldwork , thinking about the results , publishing them , and waiting for peer review to [make sure] the next research grant .

‘ There is still a great deal to be done both inside the company and within the industry in order to ensure that we secure the right outcome to the 1994 review [ of nuclear power ] .
‘ there is still a great deal to be done both inside the company and within the industry in order to [make sure] that we secure the right outcome to the 1994 review [ of nuclear power ] .

One major presupposition of these early surveys was that it was preferable to study the whole population of a society in order to ensure the reliability and accuracy of the data collected .
one major presupposition of these early surveys was that it was preferable to study the whole population of a society in order to [make sure] the reliability and accuracy of the data collected .

The only way to ensure randomness is to make sample selections independent of human judgement .
the only way to [make sure] randomness is to make sample selections independent of human judgement .

More likely , it might be that we need to ensure that particular subgroups are represented in the sample .
more likely , it might be that we need to [make sure] that particular subgroups are represented in the sample .

The contact procedure is usually to begin with a number of preliminary questions to ensure that the people contacted do fulfil the quota requirements .
the contact procedure is usually to begin with a number of preliminary questions to [make sure] that the people contacted do fulfil the quota requirements .

Accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to ensure that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .
accordingly , in allocating each of the matched subjects to either the control or to the experimental group , and to [make sure] that there is no surreptitious influence determining this allocation , the researcher randomly allocates one of each matched pair of subjects to one or the other group .

In place of the controlled administration of a `` treatment `` , survey analysts have to ensure that individuals with different experiences or attitudes or characteristics are represented in the sample by stratification , or similar , procedures .
in place of the controlled administration of a `` treatment `` , survey analysts have to [make sure] that individuals with different experiences or attitudes or characteristics are represented in the sample by stratification , or similar , procedures .

That is , in an effort to ensure that any variations in replies respondents provide are not artifacts of variations in the way in which the questions were asked , each respondent should be given the same questions in the same serial order .
that is , in an effort to [make sure] that any variations in replies respondents provide are not artifacts of variations in the way in which the questions were asked , each respondent should be given the same questions in the same serial order .

At the ceremony Sharon vowed to double the Jewish population of the Heights ( currently some 12,400 ) to ensure that the territory never returned to Syria .
at the ceremony sharon vowed to double the jewish population of the heights ( currently some 12,400 ) to [make sure] that the territory never returned to syria .

Recalling Resolution 44/207 on climate change [ see p. 37434 ] , the Assembly on Dec. 21 adopted without a vote Resolution 45/212 , welcoming measures taken by several countries to stabilize or reduce `` environmentally harmful emissions of greenhouse gases `` and seeking `` to ensure that developing countries , in particular the least developed among them `` , participated `` fully and effectively `` in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [ for which see p. 37444 ] .
recalling resolution 44/207 on climate change [ see p. 37434 ] , the assembly on dec. 21 adopted without a vote resolution 45/212 , welcoming measures taken by several countries to stabilize or reduce `` environmentally harmful emissions of greenhouse gases `` and seeking `` to [make sure] that developing countries , in particular the least developed among them `` , participated `` fully and effectively `` in the intergovernmental panel on climate change [ for which see p. 37444 ] .

They argued that it would act as a mirror `` to reflect the desires , opinions and hardships of the Thai society `` so as to promote unity , ensure that the population 's grievances were heard , and prevent future crises from undermining the country and its institutions .
they argued that it would act as a mirror `` to reflect the desires , opinions and hardships of the thai society `` so as to promote unity , [make sure] that the population 's grievances were heard , and prevent future crises from undermining the country and its institutions .

Reuters news agency cited him as saying that he and Klaus had agreed a timetable for moves towards the split and for preparing legislation at both federal and republic level to ensure a peaceful transition to two independent states .
reuters news agency cited him as saying that he and klaus had agreed a timetable for moves towards the split and for preparing legislation at both federal and republic level to [make sure] a peaceful transition to two independent states .

The treaty provided for the elimination of all chemical weapons stocks over a 10-year period and for a detailed inspections procedure for to ensure compliance .
the treaty provided for the elimination of all chemical weapons stocks over a 10-year period and for a detailed inspections procedure for to [make sure] compliance .

On Jan. 26 the Minister of Territorial Administration , Lt.-Col. Birama Sire Traore ( appointed in a Cabinet reshuffle announced on Dec. 27 ) , announced the postponement of the legislative elections in order `` to ensure total openness and the necessary credibility for a genuine democracy `` .
on jan. 26 the minister of territorial administration , lt.-col. birama sire traore ( appointed in a cabinet reshuffle announced on dec. 27 ) , announced the postponement of the legislative elections in order `` to [make sure] total openness and the necessary credibility for a genuine democracy `` .

In order to ensure the support of the nationalist parties Shamir increased settlement funding , including infrastructural development of the occupied territories .
in order to [make sure] the support of the nationalist parties shamir increased settlement funding , including infrastructural development of the occupied territories .

Many Republicans , including Bush , opposed the bill on the grounds that in order to avoid law suits alleging discrimination employers would be forced to ensure that their workforces corresponded to the racial composition of the local community .
many republicans , including bush , opposed the bill on the grounds that in order to avoid law suits alleging discrimination employers would be forced to [make sure] that their workforces corresponded to the racial composition of the local community .

`` Our purpose in the Persian Gulf remains constant : to drive Iraq out of Kuwait , to restore Kuwait 's legitimate government , and to ensure the stability and security of this critical region … We do not seek the destruction of Iraq , its culture or its people .
`` our purpose in the persian gulf remains constant : to drive iraq out of kuwait , to restore kuwait 's legitimate government , and to [make sure] the stability and security of this critical region … we do not seek the destruction of iraq , its culture or its people .

The stabilization fund was to ensure continued financing for investment and research programmes and support for enterprises `` experiencing during the period of transition to market relations difficulties for reasons beyond their control `` .
the stabilization fund was to [make sure] continued financing for investment and research programmes and support for enterprises `` experiencing during the period of transition to market relations difficulties for reasons beyond their control `` .

The European Council `` underlines the importance of respecting the timetable laid down for ratification to ensure in any case the entry into force of the Treaty as of Jan. 1 , 1993 `` .
the european council `` underlines the importance of respecting the timetable laid down for ratification to [make sure] in any case the entry into force of the treaty as of jan. 1 , 1993 `` .

This 720-page document covered in some detail the measures needed to ensure sustainable development .
this 720-page document covered in some detail the measures needed to [make sure] sustainable development .

Siding with the opposition in the 198-member Assembly , the dissidents sought to ensure an end to the military 's previous stranglehold on politics , which had ensured the routine re-election to the presidency of Gen. Alfredo Stroessner , dictator from 1953 until his removal by Rodríguez in a military coup in February 1989 [ see p. 36458 ] .
siding with the opposition in the 198-member assembly , the dissidents sought to [make sure] an end to the military 's previous stranglehold on politics , which had ensured the routine re-election to the presidency of gen. alfredo stroessner , dictator from 1953 until his removal by rodríguez in a military coup in february 1989 [ see p. 36458 ] .

The Presidents of Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay and Uruguay , the members of the intended South American common market or Mercosur , met on June 26-27 in Las Lenas , Argentina , to fix a timetable to ensure that Mercosur would begin operations on Dec. 31 , 1994 .
the presidents of argentina , brazil , paraguay and uruguay , the members of the intended south american common market or mercosur , met on june 26-27 in las lenas , argentina , to fix a timetable to [make sure] that mercosur would begin operations on dec. 31 , 1994 .

King Hassan announced on June 9 the creation of a central electoral commission and provincial commissions which together would ensure the safety of the elections at all their stages , from registration of the electoral lists to the declaration of the results of the vote .
king hassan announced on june 9 the creation of a central electoral commission and provincial commissions which together would [make sure] the safety of the elections at all their stages , from registration of the electoral lists to the declaration of the results of the vote .

The interim Committee was reported on Sept. 4 as having undertaken `` urgent measures `` to ensure the provision of food .
the interim committee was reported on sept. 4 as having undertaken `` urgent measures `` to [make sure] the provision of food .

Senior government officials confirmed that Gaviria was assembling his own team to ensure that the process of gathering evidence against and prosecuting the drug barons went smoothly .
senior government officials confirmed that gaviria was assembling his own team to [make sure] that the process of gathering evidence against and prosecuting the drug barons went smoothly .

Commentators said that the two sides were likely to pressure their respective Cambodian allies to ensure that a peace agreement was reached before fully normalizing ties .
commentators said that the two sides were likely to pressure their respective cambodian allies to [make sure] that a peace agreement was reached before fully normalizing ties .

Prime Minister Jan Krzysztof Bielecki said that the government would stay in office to ensure that the state continued to function until elections on Oct. 27 .
prime minister jan krzysztof bielecki said that the government would stay in office to [make sure] that the state continued to function until elections on oct. 27 .

The French government announced that it would take the strongest measures to ensure that Aoun met the conditions attached to his asylum , which included refraining from making public statements on political issues .
the french government announced that it would take the strongest measures to [make sure] that aoun met the conditions attached to his asylum , which included refraining from making public statements on political issues .

The presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the Union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its external activities .
the presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to [make sure] the consistency of all its external activities .

Of the 40 , nine were appointed to ensure equal representation of Moslems and Christians ; the remainder filled seats left vacant by the death of representatives elected at the last general election in 1972 .
of the 40 , nine were appointed to [make sure] equal representation of moslems and christians ; the remainder filled seats left vacant by the death of representatives elected at the last general election in 1972 .

It was envisaged , however , that they would `` voluntarily delegate `` to the central authorities control over financial , credit and exchange policy , over common customs policy `` to ensure protection of the union-wide market `` , and over a range of other activities including management of defence industries , transport , energy and telecommunications .
it was envisaged , however , that they would `` voluntarily delegate `` to the central authorities control over financial , credit and exchange policy , over common customs policy `` to [make sure] protection of the union-wide market `` , and over a range of other activities including management of defence industries , transport , energy and telecommunications .

To ensure the rights laid down in or following from this treaty , they shall especially guarantee freedom of contract , freedom to exercise a trade , freedom of establishment and occupation , and freedom of movement of Germans in the entire currency area , freedom to form associations to safeguard and enhance working and economic conditions and … ownership of land and means of production by private investors …
to [make sure] the rights laid down in or following from this treaty , they shall especially guarantee freedom of contract , freedom to exercise a trade , freedom of establishment and occupation , and freedom of movement of germans in the entire currency area , freedom to form associations to safeguard and enhance working and economic conditions and … ownership of land and means of production by private investors …

( 3 ) In order to ensure that day care centres for children continue to operate in the territory specified under Article 3 of this treaty , the federation shall contribute to the costs of these centres for a transitional period up to June 30 , 1991 .
( 3 ) in order to [make sure] that day care centres for children continue to operate in the territory specified under article 3 of this treaty , the federation shall contribute to the costs of these centres for a transitional period up to june 30 , 1991 .

( 4 ) It shall be the task of the all-German legislator to introduce regulations no later than Dec. 31 , 1992 , which ensure better protection of unborn life and provide a better solution in conformity with the constitution of conflict situations faced by pregnant women — notably through legally guaranteed entitlements for women , first and foremost to advice and public support — than is the case in either part of Germany at present .
( 4 ) it shall be the task of the all-german legislator to introduce regulations no later than dec. 31 , 1992 , which [make sure] better protection of unborn life and provide a better solution in conformity with the constitution of conflict situations faced by pregnant women — notably through legally guaranteed entitlements for women , first and foremost to advice and public support — than is the case in either part of germany at present .

The report claimed that although measures introduced at the outset of the conflict , such as special incentives for planting food crops , would ensure a good grain harvest in 1991 , the destruction of the country 's infrastructure during the bombing would seriously hamper collection and distribution , so that urban areas would suffer from severe shortages of wheat .
the report claimed that although measures introduced at the outset of the conflict , such as special incentives for planting food crops , would [make sure] a good grain harvest in 1991 , the destruction of the country 's infrastructure during the bombing would seriously hamper collection and distribution , so that urban areas would suffer from severe shortages of wheat .

The meeting resolved to form a `` co-ordination committee `` which would meet regularly to ensure a united Arab stance in the forthcoming negotiations , and called for an immediate halt on Jewish settlement-building .
the meeting resolved to form a `` co-ordination committee `` which would meet regularly to [make sure] a united arab stance in the forthcoming negotiations , and called for an immediate halt on jewish settlement-building .

It called for urgent steps to be taken to ensure impartial policing and demanded that the police enforce legislation to stop the carrying of spears and other `` cultural `` weapons by Inkatha supporters .
it called for urgent steps to be taken to [make sure] impartial policing and demanded that the police enforce legislation to stop the carrying of spears and other `` cultural `` weapons by inkatha supporters .

He continued that he was prepared to `` go down fighting to ensure that our Union is renewed `` .
he continued that he was prepared to `` go down fighting to [make sure] that our union is renewed `` .

The only element not accepted was the idea of creating a Supreme State Inspectorate to ensure that all laws and decrees were being enforced in the republics .
the only element not accepted was the idea of creating a supreme state inspectorate to [make sure] that all laws and decrees were being enforced in the republics .

The Council `` notes that there is a wide recognition of the need to extend or define the Community 's competence in specific areas `` , among them : `` the social dimension , including the need for social dialogue ; economic and social cohesion among the member states ; improved protection of the environment in order to ensure sustainable growth ; the health sector and in particular the combating of major diseases ; a research effort commensurate with the development of the Community 's competitive capacity ; an energy policy aiming at greater security and efficiency , bearing in mind also co-operation in the whole of Europe [ a Dutch proposal ] ; providing the Community with major infrastructures , allowing also the completion of a trans-European network ; safeguarding the diversity of the European heritage and promoting cultural exchanges and education … ``
the council `` notes that there is a wide recognition of the need to extend or define the community 's competence in specific areas `` , among them : `` the social dimension , including the need for social dialogue ; economic and social cohesion among the member states ; improved protection of the environment in order to [make sure] sustainable growth ; the health sector and in particular the combating of major diseases ; a research effort commensurate with the development of the community 's competitive capacity ; an energy policy aiming at greater security and efficiency , bearing in mind also co-operation in the whole of europe [ a dutch proposal ] ; providing the community with major infrastructures , allowing also the completion of a trans-european network ; safeguarding the diversity of the european heritage and promoting cultural exchanges and education … ``

Yeltsin and Gorbachev had held separate meetings with military commanders on Dec. 11 , apparently in an attempt to ensure armed forces support for the new Commonwealth .
yeltsin and gorbachev had held separate meetings with military commanders on dec. 11 , apparently in an attempt to [make sure] armed forces support for the new commonwealth .

It invited the institutions of the European Community to employ all means to ensure that the act setting up the European anti-drug monitoring body could be adopted before June 30 , 1992 .
it invited the institutions of the european community to employ all means to [make sure] that the act setting up the european anti-drug monitoring body could be adopted before june 30 , 1992 .

On the Soviet Union , the European Council underlined `` the necessity for a constructive dialogue among all parties concerned to ensure that the process of transformation of the Soviet Union , which has entered a crucial phase , continues in a peaceful , democratic and orderly manner `` .
on the soviet union , the european council underlined `` the necessity for a constructive dialogue among all parties concerned to [make sure] that the process of transformation of the soviet union , which has entered a crucial phase , continues in a peaceful , democratic and orderly manner `` .

It also welcomed these republics ' affirmation of `` their readiness to respect the international commitments of the Soviet Union and to ensure single control of nuclear weapons on their territory `` [ see p. 38655 ] .
it also welcomed these republics ' affirmation of `` their readiness to respect the international commitments of the soviet union and to [make sure] single control of nuclear weapons on their territory `` [ see p. 38655 ] .

Opposition groups ( excluding Kurds ) meeting in Damascus in late December rejected a plan to overthrow the government , saying that it needed redrafting " to ensure comprehensive acceptance " by all parties .
opposition groups ( excluding kurds ) meeting in damascus in late december rejected a plan to overthrow the government , saying that it needed redrafting " to [make sure] comprehensive acceptance " by all parties .

Reflecting other concerns , notably the future of nuclear weapons stationed in the former Soviet republics , ministers called on Soviet and republican leaders to ensure " the safe , responsible and reliable control of nuclear weapons , and actively prevent proliferation of those weapons and other means of destruction " .
reflecting other concerns , notably the future of nuclear weapons stationed in the former soviet republics , ministers called on soviet and republican leaders to [make sure] " the safe , responsible and reliable control of nuclear weapons , and actively prevent proliferation of those weapons and other means of destruction " .

Acknowledging that the new government faced enormous problems in reconstructing the debt-ridden economy , Chiluba warned that subsidies on cornmeal would be removed , although he stressed that measures would be taken to ensure that people could afford this staple food .
acknowledging that the new government faced enormous problems in reconstructing the debt-ridden economy , chiluba warned that subsidies on cornmeal would be removed , although he stressed that measures would be taken to [make sure] that people could afford this staple food .

Announcing the delay on Nov. 9 , Head of State Amadou Toumani Touré said that preparations for the conference were behind schedule but added that the delay would give the rebel movements time to ensure they had proper representation to make credible commitments at the conference .
announcing the delay on nov. 9 , head of state amadou toumani touré said that preparations for the conference were behind schedule but added that the delay would give the rebel movements time to [make sure] they had proper representation to make credible commitments at the conference .

It was also agreed `` to ensure the administrative autonomy `` of the railway between Djibouti and Ethiopia .
it was also agreed `` to [make sure] the administrative autonomy `` of the railway between djibouti and ethiopia .

Delegates from 36 countries reached agreement in Brussels on Nov. 21 on a European Energy Charter , designed to ensure supplies of oil and gas from the republics of the Soviet Union .
delegates from 36 countries reached agreement in brussels on nov. 21 on a european energy charter , designed to [make sure] supplies of oil and gas from the republics of the soviet union .

Environmentalists criticized it for emphasizing improved access to energy supplies while failing to ensure adequate environmental safeguards .
environmentalists criticized it for emphasizing improved access to energy supplies while failing to [make sure] adequate environmental safeguards .

In November 1990 Parliament had approved new legislation which the government said was intended to ensure religious harmony , despite criticism from opposition parties that the law would in practice restrict religious freedoms and suppress dissent .
in november 1990 parliament had approved new legislation which the government said was intended to [make sure] religious harmony , despite criticism from opposition parties that the law would in practice restrict religious freedoms and suppress dissent .

Although the Constitution contained guarantees of human rights and freedoms , it also stated that it `` shall be the overall responsibility of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces to ensure at all times the security , defence and well-being of Fiji and its peoples `` .
although the constitution contained guarantees of human rights and freedoms , it also stated that it `` shall be the overall responsibility of the republic of fiji military forces to [make sure] at all times the security , defence and well-being of fiji and its peoples `` .

The drain did , however , also ensure that the Melanesians once again became the majority .
the drain did , however , also [make sure] that the melanesians once again became the majority .

It warned that without the adoption of `` Keynesian economic policies `` , the `` debt deflation `` afflicting the world 's leading economies could ensure another `` lost decade `` .
it warned that without the adoption of `` keynesian economic policies `` , the `` debt deflation `` afflicting the world 's leading economies could [make sure] another `` lost decade `` .

It was intended to ensure that the supreme bodies of state worked more efficiently , and to guarantee that no conflicts arose among them .
it was intended to [make sure] that the supreme bodies of state worked more efficiently , and to guarantee that no conflicts arose among them .

Russian Defence Minister Marshal Pavel Grachev warned that Russia would be prepared to use force to ensure the return of the depot , Reuters reported on Nov. 3 .
russian defence minister marshal pavel grachev warned that russia would be prepared to use force to [make sure] the return of the depot , reuters reported on nov. 3 .

It also instructed him to conclude within one month interim agreements with each of the republics to ensure `` stabilization of the socio-economic situation `` , and instructed Supreme Soviet Chairman Anatoly Lukyanov to draft temporary agreements with the republican legislatures on overcoming the `` war of laws `` , pending signature of the new Union Treaty .
it also instructed him to conclude within one month interim agreements with each of the republics to [make sure] `` stabilization of the socio-economic situation `` , and instructed supreme soviet chairman anatoly lukyanov to draft temporary agreements with the republican legislatures on overcoming the `` war of laws `` , pending signature of the new union treaty .

Commissions for judicial and legal services and public service would ensure that 50 per cent of all appointments consisted of Melanesians ( including Rotumans ) .
commissions for judicial and legal services and public service would [make sure] that 50 per cent of all appointments consisted of melanesians ( including rotumans ) .

The constitution , he said , should arise from the negotiations within a bicameral elected body — the lower house elected by proportional representation and the upper house elected in such a way as to ensure `` special representation `` for minorities and regions .
the constitution , he said , should arise from the negotiations within a bicameral elected body — the lower house elected by proportional representation and the upper house elected in such a way as to [make sure] `` special representation `` for minorities and regions .

Reacting to what the government claimed was an unsuccessful military coup against the regime of President Idris Déby on Feb. 21 , the Foreign Minister Mahamat Saleh Hamat on March 2 asked foreign diplomats to ensure that their staff did not " intervene in the internal political affairs of Chad " .
reacting to what the government claimed was an unsuccessful military coup against the regime of president idris déby on feb. 21 , the foreign minister mahamat saleh hamat on march 2 asked foreign diplomats to [make sure] that their staff did not " intervene in the internal political affairs of chad " .

Recognizing the distinct nature of Quebec 's French-speaking culture , it asserted that `` the first priority is to ensure that Quebec feels itself a full and willing partner in the constitutional family once again `` .
recognizing the distinct nature of quebec 's french-speaking culture , it asserted that `` the first priority is to [make sure] that quebec feels itself a full and willing partner in the constitutional family once again `` .

Planned reforms included the creation of the office of Prime Minister , measures to ensure that the judiciary was independent of political parties , changes in the police and penal systems in order to " guarantee respect for human rights " , and measures to promote internal democracy within the trade unions .
planned reforms included the creation of the office of prime minister , measures to [make sure] that the judiciary was independent of political parties , changes in the police and penal systems in order to " guarantee respect for human rights " , and measures to promote internal democracy within the trade unions .

On March 30 the Dnestr republic 's Supreme Soviet condemned the emergency decree and urged measures to ensure the ( Dnestr ) republic 's security " including using the 14th Army stationed in the republic as a guarantor of its citizens ' safety " .
on march 30 the dnestr republic 's supreme soviet condemned the emergency decree and urged measures to [make sure] the ( dnestr ) republic 's security " including using the 14th army stationed in the republic as a guarantor of its citizens ' safety " .

Patten also announced a comprehensive package of social and economic reforms , including the establishment of a monetary authority to ensure monetary stability , the establishment of a business council to advise the Governor `` on how best we can sustain our economic growth `` , a review of freedom of information and press laws , the introduction of a citizens ' charter to make bureaucracy more accountable , and the abolition of capital punishment .
patten also announced a comprehensive package of social and economic reforms , including the establishment of a monetary authority to [make sure] monetary stability , the establishment of a business council to advise the governor `` on how best we can sustain our economic growth `` , a review of freedom of information and press laws , the introduction of a citizens ' charter to make bureaucracy more accountable , and the abolition of capital punishment .

With Gorbachev consistently refusing this summons , despite a 100-rouble fine , the Court had then apparently imposed an effective ban on his travelling abroad , by requesting the Foreign and Security Ministries to ensure his appearance at the hearing .
with gorbachev consistently refusing this summons , despite a 100-rouble fine , the court had then apparently imposed an effective ban on his travelling abroad , by requesting the foreign and security ministries to [make sure] his appearance at the hearing .

Strong co-ordination at Community level will help to ensure that the economy of each member state is strengthened by the success of other member states …
strong co-ordination at community level will help to [make sure] that the economy of each member state is strengthened by the success of other member states …

We must : ( i ) demonstrate to our citizens the benefits of the Community and the Maastricht Treaty ; ( ii ) make the Community more open , to ensure a better informed public debate on its activities ; ( iii ) respect the history , culture and traditions of individual nations , with a clearer understanding of what member states should do and what needs to be done by the Community ; ( iv ) make clear that citizenship of the Union brings our citizens additional rights and protection without in any way taking the place of their national citizenship …
we must : ( i ) demonstrate to our citizens the benefits of the community and the maastricht treaty ; ( ii ) make the community more open , to [make sure] a better informed public debate on its activities ; ( iii ) respect the history , culture and traditions of individual nations , with a clearer understanding of what member states should do and what needs to be done by the community ; ( iv ) make clear that citizenship of the union brings our citizens additional rights and protection without in any way taking the place of their national citizenship …

The Soviet leadership appeared concerned that it should ensure for itself a role in any future Middle East peace settlement .
the soviet leadership appeared concerned that it should [make sure] for itself a role in any future middle east peace settlement .

Kuwaiti radio said that the Amir 's move had been designed `` to ensure life in Kuwait against remnants of aggression `` and to protect `` people , honour and property against what might re-imperil the country `` .
kuwaiti radio said that the amir 's move had been designed `` to [make sure] life in kuwait against remnants of aggression `` and to protect `` people , honour and property against what might re-imperil the country `` .

The Kaifu government attempted to win the support of the second-largest opposition party , Komeito , or Clean Government Party , which controlled sufficient seats in the upper house to ensure a pro-government majority .
the kaifu government attempted to win the support of the second-largest opposition party , komeito , or clean government party , which controlled sufficient seats in the upper house to [make sure] a pro-government majority .

The declaration , signed by President Vaclav Havel of Czechoslovakia , Prime Minister Jozsef Antall of Hungary and President Lech Walesa of Poland , undertook to establish democratic structures , to ensure full rights for all minorities , to promote " market-based economic co-operation " , and to encourage consultation on security issues .
the declaration , signed by president vaclav havel of czechoslovakia , prime minister jozsef antall of hungary and president lech walesa of poland , undertook to establish democratic structures , to [make sure] full rights for all minorities , to promote " market-based economic co-operation " , and to encourage consultation on security issues .

Its brief was to `` ensure full participation and equal opportunity for every Sierra Leonean in the decision-making process of the country `` .
its brief was to `` [make sure] full participation and equal opportunity for every sierra leonean in the decision-making process of the country `` .

Second , competition is difficult to ensure , giving scope for monopolistic abuse .
second , competition is difficult to [make sure] , giving scope for monopolistic abuse .

DHAs have also found their freedom to make service changes heavily restricted by the political need to ensure stability in a pre-election period , slow down the changes and prevent disruption .
dhas have also found their freedom to make service changes heavily restricted by the political need to [make sure] stability in a pre-election period , slow down the changes and prevent disruption .

These include traditional accountability to parliament or elected councillors , the courts and regulatory watchdogs to ensure standards of probity , impartiality and due process ; managerial accountability within the departmental hierarchy for results achieved , including economy and efficiency ; professional or peer group accountability for ethics and standards , and finally accountability to the service user and the local community .
these include traditional accountability to parliament or elected councillors , the courts and regulatory watchdogs to [make sure] standards of probity , impartiality and due process ; managerial accountability within the departmental hierarchy for results achieved , including economy and efficiency ; professional or peer group accountability for ethics and standards , and finally accountability to the service user and the local community .

For example , various studies have shown that the effectiveness of certain clinical interventions is increased by specialisation and this is one reason for having regional centres of expertise for more complex operations or rarer conditions to ensure clinicians see enough patients to `` keep their hand in `` and efficiently ration resources .
for example , various studies have shown that the effectiveness of certain clinical interventions is increased by specialisation and this is one reason for having regional centres of expertise for more complex operations or rarer conditions to [make sure] clinicians see enough patients to `` keep their hand in `` and efficiently ration resources .

Pollitt argues that the model of medical audit promulgated by the leaders of the profession was designed to ensure that the process was `` a nonthreatening activity carried out only by doctors and rigorously protected from the public gaze `` ( Pollitt 1992 : 4 ) .
pollitt argues that the model of medical audit promulgated by the leaders of the profession was designed to [make sure] that the process was `` a nonthreatening activity carried out only by doctors and rigorously protected from the public gaze `` ( pollitt 1992 : 4 ) .

Will purchasing authorities be prepared to pay extra to ensure it happens ?
will purchasing authorities be prepared to pay extra to [make sure] it happens ?

The fact that different pupils will highlight different features in retelling a story will help children to appreciate that there can be different versions of an event and help to ensure coverage of Attainment Target 2 .
the fact that different pupils will highlight different features in retelling a story will help children to appreciate that there can be different versions of an event and help to [make sure] coverage of attainment target 2 .

One of the benefits that has emerged from the National Curriculum exercise has been to highlight the need for strategic planning of the history curriculum at all Key Stages , to ensure balance , coverage of a range of different periods and topics , and the adoption of a number of different approaches .
one of the benefits that has emerged from the national curriculum exercise has been to highlight the need for strategic planning of the history curriculum at all key stages , to [make sure] balance , coverage of a range of different periods and topics , and the adoption of a number of different approaches .

It is probably best to begin with the focus statement in the introduction to each history unit , and ensure that the work done takes account of this .
it is probably best to begin with the focus statement in the introduction to each history unit , and [make sure] that the work done takes account of this .

Good historical practice will usually ensure that the attainment targets are covered many times over in the course of the work .
good historical practice will usually [make sure] that the attainment targets are covered many times over in the course of the work .

Once a plan of action has been worked out , then an audit can be made to ensure all requirements will be covered .
once a plan of action has been worked out , then an audit can be made to [make sure] all requirements will be covered .

In this case , schools must ensure that the history requirements are properly covered and that the history attainment targets are addressed .
in this case , schools must [make sure] that the history requirements are properly covered and that the history attainment targets are addressed .

If the questions that are asked are of the right kind , then an investigative approach to a topic will automatically ensure that the history attainment targets are met .
if the questions that are asked are of the right kind , then an investigative approach to a topic will automatically [make sure] that the history attainment targets are met .

Whatever organising method is adopted , there should be an audit , both during and after the course , to ensure that all the requirements have been met .
whatever organising method is adopted , there should be an audit , both during and after the course , to [make sure] that all the requirements have been met .

If it is found that certain elements have not been covered , then activities can be devised to ensure that they receive attention , or , if necessary , certain elements can be taught discretely .
if it is found that certain elements have not been covered , then activities can be devised to [make sure] that they receive attention , or , if necessary , certain elements can be taught discretely .

How can you ensure that oral history exercises contribute to one or more of the history attainment targets at level 1 , 2 , or 3 ? What contribution can they offer also towards general personal and social education ?
how can you [make sure] that oral history exercises contribute to one or more of the history attainment targets at level 1 , 2 , or 3 ? what contribution can they offer also towards general personal and social education ?

Good liaison should also ensure that duplication of content does not occur or that where repetition of a topic does take place , there is a significant variation in the depth , focus and treatment of such a topic .
good liaison should also [make sure] that duplication of content does not occur or that where repetition of a topic does take place , there is a significant variation in the depth , focus and treatment of such a topic .

In examples 2 and 3 teachers will have to ensure that the focus of the parts making up the units is not lost within the organisational strategy .
in examples 2 and 3 teachers will have to [make sure] that the focus of the parts making up the units is not lost within the organisational strategy .

The following stages in the process may be helpful : ( 1 ) Having identified the unit ensure that the statutory content is clear .
the following stages in the process may be helpful : ( 1 ) having identified the unit [make sure] that the statutory content is clear .

( 4 ) Ensure the activities provide learning experiences for pupils through which you can assess their attainment of each attainment target or one in particular .
( 4 ) [make sure] the activities provide learning experiences for pupils through which you can assess their attainment of each attainment target or one in particular .

It is important that teachers see differentiation not only as a strategy to ensure progression but also as a vital tool in countering under-achievement .
it is important that teachers see differentiation not only as a strategy to [make sure] progression but also as a vital tool in countering under-achievement .

The Statements of Attainment need to be in some ways `` unpacked `` in relation to the chosen programme of study and reordered not in sequence of difficulty but in terms of their place in the programme to ensure that opportunities for assessment are capitalised upon .
the statements of attainment need to be in some ways `` unpacked `` in relation to the chosen programme of study and reordered not in sequence of difficulty but in terms of their place in the programme to [make sure] that opportunities for assessment are capitalised upon .

To ensure the continuing popularity and growth of the subject at Key Stage 4 and beyond , teachers must not simply teach the programme they must aim to instil an interest in and enjoyment of the subject .
to [make sure] the continuing popularity and growth of the subject at key stage 4 and beyond , teachers must not simply teach the programme they must aim to instil an interest in and enjoyment of the subject .

( 10 ) How would you manage a group work situation to ensure that all pupils are actively involved ?
( 10 ) how would you manage a group work situation to [make sure] that all pupils are actively involved ?

It is important , however , to ensure that a positive attitude is maintained towards the sources .
it is important , however , to [make sure] that a positive attitude is maintained towards the sources .

Follow-up work will ensure that the site visit is integrated with that term 's scheme of work .
follow-up work will [make sure] that the site visit is integrated with that term 's scheme of work .

History teachers need to ensure that their pupils have the basic reference skills that will allow them to make effective use of books .
history teachers need to [make sure] that their pupils have the basic reference skills that will allow them to make effective use of books .

We now are setting into motion a new system , whereby the PAs to the Head of Groups/Sectors keep copies of the Christian Aid self-certificate form and should ensure that as soon as a member of staff returns from their sick leave they fill it in .
we now are setting into motion a new system , whereby the pas to the head of groups/sectors keep copies of the christian aid self-certificate form and should [make sure] that as soon as a member of staff returns from their sick leave they fill it in .

Protected prices for beet sugar produced in Europe ensure that the international market price for sugar is low , forcing down the wages of the Haitian workers .
protected prices for beet sugar produced in europe [make sure] that the international market price for sugar is low , forcing down the wages of the haitian workers .

the matching process should be more stringent to ensure students are allocated to the correct classroom situation ;
the matching process should be more stringent to [make sure] students are allocated to the correct classroom situation ;

As far as standard neo-classical economic theory is concerned , it is of no real consequence why regional disparities emerge since there are mechanisms in an economy which will ensure that they will prove to be only a temporary phenomenon .
as far as standard neo-classical economic theory is concerned , it is of no real consequence why regional disparities emerge since there are mechanisms in an economy which will [make sure] that they will prove to be only a temporary phenomenon .

Provided that labour and capital are perfectly mobile , that factors of production are fully employed and that there exists free competition , then it is argued that market forces will ensure the removal of spatial disparities .
provided that labour and capital are perfectly mobile , that factors of production are fully employed and that there exists free competition , then it is argued that market forces will [make sure] the removal of spatial disparities .

In this way , the Commission has attempted to ensure a true regional dimension to state aid .
in this way , the commission has attempted to [make sure] a true regional dimension to state aid .

It is , therefore , important to ensure that the contract contains all that it should …
it is , therefore , important to [make sure] that the contract contains all that it should …

There are also statutory covenants requiring landlords , of properties let at a low rent , to ensure that they are both fit for human habitation at the start of the tenancy and are kept fit for habitation throughout the lease :
there are also statutory covenants requiring landlords , of properties let at a low rent , to [make sure] that they are both fit for human habitation at the start of the tenancy and are kept fit for habitation throughout the lease :

Hence it would be necessary to draft a new housing repair code in terms specific enough to be clearly understandable … but also containing a wide enough range of topics to be considered so as to ensure that the law is sufficiently flexible to cover the greatest number of housing repair problems … However , the consequences of implementing such a … code have to be faced … There are many houses which simply could not be brought up to standard … There are other houses … where the owners , be they owner-occupiers or private landlords , would be unwilling or unable to undertake the necessary work .
hence it would be necessary to draft a new housing repair code in terms specific enough to be clearly understandable … but also containing a wide enough range of topics to be considered so as to [make sure] that the law is sufficiently flexible to cover the greatest number of housing repair problems … however , the consequences of implementing such a … code have to be faced … there are many houses which simply could not be brought up to standard … there are other houses … where the owners , be they owner-occupiers or private landlords , would be unwilling or unable to undertake the necessary work .

These words ensure that not every thief is also a handler .
these words [make sure] that not every thief is also a handler .

The paragraph is restated to ensure that the offence is required in order to convict of this form of burglary .
the paragraph is restated to [make sure] that the offence is required in order to convict of this form of burglary .

Studying these should ensure that you are not completely ignorant of the scope , length , format and demands of what you are trying to do .
studying these should [make sure] that you are not completely ignorant of the scope , length , format and demands of what you are trying to do .

In making these organisational decisions , however , you need to ensure that you do not put in too many markers of structure , which can make the essay seem to be all scaffolding with no building inside .
in making these organisational decisions , however , you need to [make sure] that you do not put in too many markers of structure , which can make the essay seem to be all scaffolding with no building inside .

Since quoted material can be read in many different ways , you need to ensure that the particular contribution the quotation makes to your argument is made explicit .
since quoted material can be read in many different ways , you need to [make sure] that the particular contribution the quotation makes to your argument is made explicit .

Such conventions cover many aspects of writing , including grammar , spelling and punctuation ; and for this reason , it is important to develop routines to ensure that your work is presented appropriately in these areas .
such conventions cover many aspects of writing , including grammar , spelling and punctuation ; and for this reason , it is important to develop routines to [make sure] that your work is presented appropriately in these areas .

It is important to check that no seat is subjected to the full force of an air-conditioning outlet , and to ensure that no guests are distracted by waiter activity at an adjacent service station or kitchen door .
it is important to check that no seat is subjected to the full force of an air-conditioning outlet , and to [make sure] that no guests are distracted by waiter activity at an adjacent service station or kitchen door .

The system interfaces with their existing telephone set-up to ensure that no calls are lost and that intemised bills can be produced in the event of a dispute at checking out time .
the system interfaces with their existing telephone set-up to [make sure] that no calls are lost and that intemised bills can be produced in the event of a dispute at checking out time .

For example , it may be necessary to install duplex softners operating in service/standby mode to ensure that softened water is available at all times , even during the night .
for example , it may be necessary to install duplex softners operating in service/standby mode to [make sure] that softened water is available at all times , even during the night .

It is important to provide the hospitality industry with a wide range of products to ensure that each hotel gets the right product for its size , location , local crime level , budget , community standards and method of operation .
it is important to provide the hospitality industry with a wide range of products to [make sure] that each hotel gets the right product for its size , location , local crime level , budget , community standards and method of operation .

In order to counter the effects of this drop in trade and profitability , and at the same time ensure a successful and profitable year in 1992 , companies within the hotel and catering industry should now be looking at making savings in time and money , while at the same time improving their service to the customer .
in order to counter the effects of this drop in trade and profitability , and at the same time [make sure] a successful and profitable year in 1992 , companies within the hotel and catering industry should now be looking at making savings in time and money , while at the same time improving their service to the customer .

This statement was made in the context of the planning and design of hotels for new constructionn , but an obvious corollary is that these major systems should be properly serviced to ensure that the hotel continues to operate successfully every day .
this statement was made in the context of the planning and design of hotels for new constructionn , but an obvious corollary is that these major systems should be properly serviced to [make sure] that the hotel continues to operate successfully every day .

Twenty-four hour , 365 days a year fast emergency response is included in the contracts to ensure the maximum convenience to customers and guests
twenty-four hour , 365 days a year fast emergency response is included in the contracts to [make sure] the maximum convenience to customers and guests

To ensure fast and empathetic response to customers we include for dedicated supervision to allow for close communication and co-operation with the hotel staff
to [make sure] fast and empathetic response to customers we include for dedicated supervision to allow for close communication and co-operation with the hotel staff

Routine contractual visits are made by appointment to ensure that lifts are taken out of service for routine maintenance only at times convenient to the hotel
routine contractual visits are made by appointment to [make sure] that lifts are taken out of service for routine maintenance only at times convenient to the hotel

This includes looking after indicators , lighting and general tidiness to ensure that lift cars and such like are left in a good condition .
this includes looking after indicators , lighting and general tidiness to [make sure] that lift cars and such like are left in a good condition .

Each member of the staff is empowered to do anything to ensure the guest returns .
each member of the staff is empowered to do anything to [make sure] the guest returns .

The unit design must also ensure that condensation will not drop from the canopy structure and deposit upon food stuff or floor surfaces , as either would create potential risks .
the unit design must also [make sure] that condensation will not drop from the canopy structure and deposit upon food stuff or floor surfaces , as either would create potential risks .

The installation of these systems would ideally be provided by the canopy manufacturer in order to ensure that the design integrity of both canopy and fire suppression are not compromised .
the installation of these systems would ideally be provided by the canopy manufacturer in order to [make sure] that the design integrity of both canopy and fire suppression are not compromised .

Assuming that its purpose has been determined , once the machine arrives there are several steps that can be taken to maintain its good condition and ensure a long life .
assuming that its purpose has been determined , once the machine arrives there are several steps that can be taken to maintain its good condition and [make sure] a long life .

The recent introduction of new food legislation has resulted in many companies re-examining their processes and procedures to ensure compliance .
the recent introduction of new food legislation has resulted in many companies re-examining their processes and procedures to [make sure] compliance .

It is basically the function of the designer to protect the client 's interest and ensure that the food service planning is carried out from a food service operator 's point of view , rather than from the architect 's or interior designer 's point of view .
it is basically the function of the designer to protect the client 's interest and [make sure] that the food service planning is carried out from a food service operator 's point of view , rather than from the architect 's or interior designer 's point of view .

At this stage , the designer works closely with the services engineers to ensure that the utilities are sufficient and necessary for the equipment .
at this stage , the designer works closely with the services engineers to [make sure] that the utilities are sufficient and necessary for the equipment .

Selecting the right commercial model will not only ensure that you are complying with the food safety regulations , but will also in the long run reduce the repair and replacement costs .
selecting the right commercial model will not only [make sure] that you are complying with the food safety regulations , but will also in the long run reduce the repair and replacement costs .

What makes this system unique , is a batch of computers which control the ovens and ensure the food is cooked for the correct length of time and in the most ideal conditions .
what makes this system unique , is a batch of computers which control the ovens and [make sure] the food is cooked for the correct length of time and in the most ideal conditions .

What it does ensure is that the chef has complete control over some of the most vital tools of his trade , with computer guidance as an important aid .
what it does [make sure] is that the chef has complete control over some of the most vital tools of his trade , with computer guidance as an important aid .

To ensure that this is being achieved , watch out for two essential ingredients : One is that the combi-steamer produces fresh clean steam from its own generator , and the other is that it has an efficient waste air quenching system .
to [make sure] that this is being achieved , watch out for two essential ingredients : one is that the combi-steamer produces fresh clean steam from its own generator , and the other is that it has an efficient waste air quenching system .

Extremely gentle steam can be used to prepare sensitive foods , enhance the typical taste of dishes , intensify natural cololurs , and ensure uniform cooking .
extremely gentle steam can be used to prepare sensitive foods , enhance the typical taste of dishes , intensify natural cololurs , and [make sure] uniform cooking .

Ensure that the oven is simple to use and is not a pilot 's cockpit
[make sure] that the oven is simple to use and is not a pilot 's cockpit

Be selective of safety features , like door drip trays , to ensure that the floor remains dry ; door stop positions to protect your staff ; positive runners on the oven racks to stop loaded containers from spilling over you ; and lock position for the oven rack
be selective of safety features , like door drip trays , to [make sure] that the floor remains dry ; door stop positions to protect your staff ; positive runners on the oven racks to stop loaded containers from spilling over you ; and lock position for the oven rack

Ensure that the software package and an after sales service is available on the product
[make sure] that the software package and an after sales service is available on the product

In areas of cleaning and hygiene , such as warewashing and storage , savings can be made by using high quality , reliable machines which rely on electronic and other high tech components to ensure the smooth running of the equipment .
in areas of cleaning and hygiene , such as warewashing and storage , savings can be made by using high quality , reliable machines which rely on electronic and other high tech components to [make sure] the smooth running of the equipment .

Correct positioning of water jets will ensure that the utensils are thoroughly cleaned first time round , thus removing the tiresome need to put pots through a second time .
correct positioning of water jets will [make sure] that the utensils are thoroughly cleaned first time round , thus removing the tiresome need to put pots through a second time .

We had to ensure that all working surfaces were hygienic and dirt trap free , and that food could be transported without spilling .
we had to [make sure] that all working surfaces were hygienic and dirt trap free , and that food could be transported without spilling .

It was held that there was no duty of care on landlords to ensure that premises were reasonably safe at the time of the letting .
it was held that there was no duty of care on landlords to [make sure] that premises were reasonably safe at the time of the letting .

The statute may impose a duty on an employer to provide safety equipment and ensure that it is used .
the statute may impose a duty on an employer to provide safety equipment and [make sure] that it is used .

The plaintiff 's claim failed as the defendant had done everything possible to ensure that the statutory duty was complied with .
the plaintiff 's claim failed as the defendant had done everything possible to [make sure] that the statutory duty was complied with .

Lord Brandon stated that an operation or treatment would be in the patient 's best interests if it was carried out to save the patient 's life , ensure improvement , or prevent physical or mental deterioration .
lord brandon stated that an operation or treatment would be in the patient 's best interests if it was carried out to save the patient 's life , [make sure] improvement , or prevent physical or mental deterioration .

Recently described as `` surely the most sophisticated and complex western coinage of the early Middle Ages `` , it looks like the product of an administrative system regularly able to ensure that its will was done .
recently described as `` surely the most sophisticated and complex western coinage of the early middle ages `` , it looks like the product of an administrative system regularly able to [make sure] that its will was done .

More generally , the Norman William of Poitiers , writing just after the Conquest , claims that Cnut cruelly slaughtered the noblest of England 's sons , young and old , to ensure the dominion of himself and his children .
more generally , the norman william of poitiers , writing just after the conquest , claims that cnut cruelly slaughtered the noblest of england 's sons , young and old , to [make sure] the dominion of himself and his children .

While the war continued , and until early 1945 continued on French soil , the General 's main concerns remained to secure the authority of his state , to maximize the French military contribution in the war against Germany , and to ensure as large a role as possible for France in the formulation of the peace settlement .
while the war continued , and until early 1945 continued on french soil , the general 's main concerns remained to secure the authority of his state , to maximize the french military contribution in the war against germany , and to [make sure] as large a role as possible for france in the formulation of the peace settlement .

All participants agree that Debré was the main architect of the constitution , but de Gaulle played an active supervisory role , intervening not just to ensure conformity with Bayeux principles but often to insist on specific wording or specific clauses ( such as the article which gave the president the right to assume full powers in the event of a national emergency ) .
all participants agree that debré was the main architect of the constitution , but de gaulle played an active supervisory role , intervening not just to [make sure] conformity with bayeux principles but often to insist on specific wording or specific clauses ( such as the article which gave the president the right to assume full powers in the event of a national emergency ) .

Together , we can ensure that general SVQs and Skillstart are as responsive as possible to the needs of our customers — relevant , coherent , and practicable .
together , we can [make sure] that general svqs and skillstart are as responsive as possible to the needs of our customers — relevant , coherent , and practicable .

Designed for those offering general SVQs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional assessment , and how to ensure effective course management .
designed for those offering general svqs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional assessment , and how to [make sure] effective course management .

We should also especially like to thank those who have provided essential feedback , through participation in seminars , questionnaires , and interviews , which will enable us to ensure that general SVQs are a truly relevant and worthwhile qualification .
we should also especially like to thank those who have provided essential feedback , through participation in seminars , questionnaires , and interviews , which will enable us to [make sure] that general svqs are a truly relevant and worthwhile qualification .

It might be thought that such policies spring from a desire , on the one hand , to ensure the free flowering of individual enterprise , and on the other , to guard against the tyrannies of `` big business `` .
it might be thought that such policies spring from a desire , on the one hand , to [make sure] the free flowering of individual enterprise , and on the other , to guard against the tyrannies of `` big business `` .

‘ ( 1 ) Solicitors shall ensure that every office where they or their firms practise is and can reasonably be seen to be properly supervised in accordance with the following minimum standards :
‘ ( 1 ) solicitors shall [make sure] that every office where they or their firms practise is and can reasonably be seen to be properly supervised in accordance with the following minimum standards :

who shall spend sufficient time at such office to ensure adequate control of the staff employed there and afford requisite facilities for consultation with clients . In the case of a firm in private practice such solicitor may be a principal , employee or consultant of the firm , provided that the firm must have at least one principal who is a solicitor who has been admitted for at least three years , or alternatively , in the case of a firm none of whose principals exercise any right of audience or right to conduct litigation or supervise or assume responsibility for the exercise of any such right , a foreign lawyer who has been qualified in his or her own jurisdiction for at least three years ;
who shall spend sufficient time at such office to [make sure] adequate control of the staff employed there and afford requisite facilities for consultation with clients . in the case of a firm in private practice such solicitor may be a principal , employee or consultant of the firm , provided that the firm must have at least one principal who is a solicitor who has been admitted for at least three years , or alternatively , in the case of a firm none of whose principals exercise any right of audience or right to conduct litigation or supervise or assume responsibility for the exercise of any such right , a foreign lawyer who has been qualified in his or her own jurisdiction for at least three years ;

( 3 ) Where daily attendance or normal attendance in accordance with sub-paragraphs ( 1 ) ( a ) or ( 1 ) ( b ) of this rule is prevented by illness , accident or other sufficient or unforeseen cause for a prolonged period , suitable alternative arrangements shall be made without delay to ensure compliance .
( 3 ) where daily attendance or normal attendance in accordance with sub-paragraphs ( 1 ) ( a ) or ( 1 ) ( b ) of this rule is prevented by illness , accident or other sufficient or unforeseen cause for a prolonged period , suitable alternative arrangements shall be made without delay to [make sure] compliance .

( 4 ) ( a ) Where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this Rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .
( 4 ) ( a ) where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall [make sure] that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .

These may be offered through a separate business , but subject to certain safeguards , to ensure that customers of the separate business do not believe they are receiving services from a solicitor 's practice .
these may be offered through a separate business , but subject to certain safeguards , to [make sure] that customers of the separate business do not believe they are receiving services from a solicitor 's practice .

Where a solicitor by himself or herself or with any other person without breach of paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule operates , actively participates in or controls any business , other than a solicitor 's practice or a multi-national partnership , which offers any service which may properly be offered as part of a solicitor 's practice , the solicitor shall ensure ?
where a solicitor by himself or herself or with any other person without breach of paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule operates , actively participates in or controls any business , other than a solicitor 's practice or a multi-national partnership , which offers any service which may properly be offered as part of a solicitor 's practice , the solicitor shall [make sure] ?

( ii ) all the principals of the multi-national partnership shall ensure :
( ii ) all the principals of the multi-national partnership shall [make sure] :

( 4 ) ( a ) Where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall ensure that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this Rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .
( 4 ) ( a ) where a member of a recognised body dies the recognised body shall [make sure] that any shares registered in his name at the time of his death are within twelve months of his death registered in the name of a solicitor or a recognised body or ( where permitted by paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) ( i ) of this rule ) a registered foreign lawyer or ( where the recognised body is a company limited by shares ) are acquired by the recognised body itself .

( 2 ) The Compensation Fund covenant shall include a covenant by the covenantor that before transferring any share or transferring a beneficial interest in any share or holding any share as nominee he or it will ensure that the intended transferee or beneficial owner submits a Compensation Fund covenant to the Council .
( 2 ) the compensation fund covenant shall include a covenant by the covenantor that before transferring any share or transferring a beneficial interest in any share or holding any share as nominee he or it will [make sure] that the intended transferee or beneficial owner submits a compensation fund covenant to the council .

( b ) that the memorandum and articles of association of the body are such as to enable the body ( i ) to continue to comply with Rules 3–6 and ( ii ) so far as possible to ensure continued compliance by its members with Rules 5 and 6 ;
( b ) that the memorandum and articles of association of the body are such as to enable the body ( i ) to continue to comply with rules 3–6 and ( ii ) so far as possible to [make sure] continued compliance by its members with rules 5 and 6 ;

( 1 ) It is the duty of a solicitor who or a recognised body which is an officer of a recognised body , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a director of a recognised body to take all reasonable steps to ensure compliance by any recognised body of which he or it is an officer with these Rules and any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these Rules or section 9 of the Act .
( 1 ) it is the duty of a solicitor who or a recognised body which is an officer of a recognised body , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a director of a recognised body to take all reasonable steps to [make sure] compliance by any recognised body of which he or it is an officer with these rules and any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these rules or section 9 of the act .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not identified below as being required by the companies act or as being necessary to [make sure] a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

Note : Paragraph ( 8 ) , or a provision to the like effect , needs to be adopted if a recognised body is to be able to ensure that shares are not held in breach of the Rules .
note : paragraph ( 8 ) , or a provision to the like effect , needs to be adopted if a recognised body is to be able to [make sure] that shares are not held in breach of the rules .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not identified below as being required by the companies act or as being necessary to [make sure] a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

Note : Paragraph ( 8 ) , or a provision to the like effect , needs to be adopted if a recognised body is to be able to ensure that shares are not held in breach of the Rules .
note : paragraph ( 8 ) , or a provision to the like effect , needs to be adopted if a recognised body is to be able to [make sure] that shares are not held in breach of the rules .

It further covenants with the Council that before transferring any share in the Company or transferring a beneficial interest in any such share or holding any such share as nominee it will ensure that the intended transferee or beneficial owner submits to the Council a Compensation Fund covenant as required by Rule 14 of the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules 1988 ( or any modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force ) .
it further covenants with the council that before transferring any share in the company or transferring a beneficial interest in any such share or holding any such share as nominee it will [make sure] that the intended transferee or beneficial owner submits to the council a compensation fund covenant as required by rule 14 of the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules 1988 ( or any modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force ) .

Let us suppose that following incorporation the partners award themselves salaries of £43,500 which is about the level required to ensure that tax on the salary does not exceed the basic 25% rate .
let us suppose that following incorporation the partners award themselves salaries of £43,500 which is about the level required to [make sure] that tax on the salary does not exceed the basic 25% rate .

This would help ensure that the design of one component would not unduly influence the design of another .
this would help [make sure] that the design of one component would not unduly influence the design of another .

In choosing the Chart system which allows various models and strategies to be implemented and evaluated , we ensure that no design decision at any level in the system is irrevocable .
in choosing the chart system which allows various models and strategies to be implemented and evaluated , we [make sure] that no design decision at any level in the system is irrevocable .

When people draft contracts they are usually keen to limit or exclude their liabilities and yet wish to ensure that the other party was absolutely bound to perform his part of the contract .
when people draft contracts they are usually keen to limit or exclude their liabilities and yet wish to [make sure] that the other party was absolutely bound to perform his part of the contract .

The animal is slaughtered and skinned ; after a fine meal a young servant girl is ordered to ensure the guest wants for nothing .
the animal is slaughtered and skinned ; after a fine meal a young servant girl is ordered to [make sure] the guest wants for nothing .

To achieve this , and to ensure that the quality of assessment is embedded in the system from the outset , a system of quality assurance and control has been established .
to achieve this , and to [make sure] that the quality of assessment is embedded in the system from the outset , a system of quality assurance and control has been established .

Personal study kits and work books are an integral part of the course , and it is in part up to each individual to ensure that his or her course work is up to date .
personal study kits and work books are an integral part of the course , and it is in part up to each individual to [make sure] that his or her course work is up to date .

Throughout their career within the company , continued training courses and the provision of quality working conditions ensure that only people of the highest calibre are employed — an asset we believe essential for the provision of our premium service .
throughout their career within the company , continued training courses and the provision of quality working conditions [make sure] that only people of the highest calibre are employed — an asset we believe essential for the provision of our premium service .

All successful applicants attend an initial induction day with the company at their Ewell headquarters , where a series of assessments are carried out to ensure the right people are recruited for the right job .
all successful applicants attend an initial induction day with the company at their ewell headquarters , where a series of assessments are carried out to [make sure] the right people are recruited for the right job .

Staff are , therefore , always alert , aware and prepared to ensure that clients ’ requirements are met .
staff are , therefore , always alert , aware and prepared to [make sure] that clients ’ requirements are met .

‘ The Catering Guild 's organisation is structured to ensure effective and speedy communications .
‘ the catering guild 's organisation is structured to [make sure] effective and speedy communications .

‘ Personal development is , we believe of key importance to ensure that motivation is always running at a high level .
‘ personal development is , we believe of key importance to [make sure] that motivation is always running at a high level .

There will be two sittings for tea and to avoid chaos we must ensure that everyone goes to tea at their allotted time .
there will be two sittings for tea and to avoid chaos we must [make sure] that everyone goes to tea at their allotted time .

Once again the Trainers will be assisted by experienced qualified teachers which will ensure that the Programme is as varied and balanced as possible .
once again the trainers will be assisted by experienced qualified teachers which will [make sure] that the programme is as varied and balanced as possible .

Please ensure that you check your list and bring it up to date now and return to the Office .
please [make sure] that you check your list and bring it up to date now and return to the office .

Teachers are asked to ensure that their entries for the new class lists are brought up to date by the end of July .
teachers are asked to [make sure] that their entries for the new class lists are brought up to date by the end of july .

We know several of our teachers who now hold this award but with to ensure that we have the names of all who have achieved it .
we know several of our teachers who now hold this award but with to [make sure] that we have the names of all who have achieved it .

try to ensure that there is enough variety in style and type of item ; e.g. is each piece of apparatus represented ? ;
try to [make sure] that there is enough variety in style and type of item ; e.g. is each piece of apparatus represented ? ;

In the sense of `` command `` the presumption of compliance seems to be due to the fact that the bidder has the authority necessary to ensure that the action requested will be carried out .
in the sense of `` command `` the presumption of compliance seems to be due to the fact that the bidder has the authority necessary to [make sure] that the action requested will be carried out .

It is therefore important that steps are taken to ensure that mature entrants to these discipline areas are adequately prepared for their studies .
it is therefore important that steps are taken to [make sure] that mature entrants to these discipline areas are adequately prepared for their studies .

That 's the latest , very positive message from the World Health Organisation ( see p.80 ) and a deliciously painless way to ensure a healthy diet .
that 's the latest , very positive message from the world health organisation ( see p.80 ) and a deliciously painless way to [make sure] a healthy diet .

All three flavourings have been produced to ensure they meet the standards for which Schwartz is famous .
all three flavourings have been produced to [make sure] they meet the standards for which schwartz is famous .

So , how do you make this change and ensure a balanced diet ?
so , how do you make this change and [make sure] a balanced diet ?

To ensure that they get the right amount , vegetarians mix proteins from a variety of sources .
to [make sure] that they get the right amount , vegetarians mix proteins from a variety of sources .

Check daily to ensure that the compost is kept just moist .
check daily to [make sure] that the compost is kept just moist .

Here was a creative writer of great historical importance in vernacular Italian , as also in neo-Latin ; one who played a crucial role in the promulgating of manuscripts of lost classical texts which embodied the ancient culture and could propagate that culture anew in his own time ; whose creative writing variously reflected the new access to ancient literature ; and whose overall achievement helped to ensure that classical scholarship , in its work of reclaiming the ancient world , became not merely a prestigious activity , but a central and formative activity in contemporary culture as a whole .
here was a creative writer of great historical importance in vernacular italian , as also in neo-latin ; one who played a crucial role in the promulgating of manuscripts of lost classical texts which embodied the ancient culture and could propagate that culture anew in his own time ; whose creative writing variously reflected the new access to ancient literature ; and whose overall achievement helped to [make sure] that classical scholarship , in its work of reclaiming the ancient world , became not merely a prestigious activity , but a central and formative activity in contemporary culture as a whole .

In 1859 the self-conscious schoolboy had written that the most important rule of school life should be `` to educate oneself equally in all sciences , arts , faculties and ensure that body and mind go hand in hand .
in 1859 the self-conscious schoolboy had written that the most important rule of school life should be `` to educate oneself equally in all sciences , arts , faculties and [make sure] that body and mind go hand in hand .

To ensure that the spectators would be totally absorbed in these scenes , there must be no missing links or unexplained aspects of the story to act as distractions .
to [make sure] that the spectators would be totally absorbed in these scenes , there must be no missing links or unexplained aspects of the story to act as distractions .

To ensure the regeneration of her spirit , Germany must recover her own mythic roots and , if necessary , reject alien mythic elements implanted in her culture .
to [make sure] the regeneration of her spirit , germany must recover her own mythic roots and , if necessary , reject alien mythic elements implanted in her culture .

It was to ensure that the men had a chance to make a fair average wage .
it was to [make sure] that the men had a chance to make a fair average wage .

The Adventurers were also to ensure that all levels were driven with only a slight gradient … `` just sufficient to drain out the water `` .
the adventurers were also to [make sure] that all levels were driven with only a slight gradient … `` just sufficient to drain out the water `` .

The markedly lower probability that children of higher birth order than of intermediate parity will survive early childhood obliterates any gain that there might otherwise be from bearing many children to ensure survival of a moderate number ; sustained childbearing at high parities is itself a cause of infant and early childhood as well as maternal morbidity and mortality .
the markedly lower probability that children of higher birth order than of intermediate parity will survive early childhood obliterates any gain that there might otherwise be from bearing many children to [make sure] survival of a moderate number ; sustained childbearing at high parities is itself a cause of infant and early childhood as well as maternal morbidity and mortality .

In some cultures , the demands made and penalties imposed by family and society ensure that women will bear many children .
in some cultures , the demands made and penalties imposed by family and society [make sure] that women will bear many children .

To ensure continuity , homework should be given after each lesson .
to [make sure] continuity , homework should be given after each lesson .

To ensure continuity and to give more necessary practice ( further consolidation ) , appropriate homework or a task should be given at the end of each lesson , or at least once or twice a week , depending on the amount of time the student is able or prepared to give up to home study .
to [make sure] continuity and to give more necessary practice ( further consolidation ) , appropriate homework or a task should be given at the end of each lesson , or at least once or twice a week , depending on the amount of time the student is able or prepared to give up to home study .

Winter corn must not be sown in the same land which produced it , but should be brought from distant parts to ensure a better crop , but lent corn may be sown from the lord 's own seed .
winter corn must not be sown in the same land which produced it , but should be brought from distant parts to [make sure] a better crop , but lent corn may be sown from the lord 's own seed .

Forty years later the Italians , in another unprovoked attack , used poison gas to ensure victory and shot many of their prisoners out of hand .
forty years later the italians , in another unprovoked attack , used poison gas to [make sure] victory and shot many of their prisoners out of hand .

It is simply necessary to ensure ( a ) that no strong stem contributes to the score of a record which is indexed under the corresponding weak stem , and ( b ) that a strong stem , if distinct from the corresponding weak stem , has lower weight than the weak stem .
it is simply necessary to [make sure] ( a ) that no strong stem contributes to the score of a record which is indexed under the corresponding weak stem , and ( b ) that a strong stem , if distinct from the corresponding weak stem , has lower weight than the weak stem .

It can treat classes of related terms in the same way as it treats strong and weak stems : include them all , but ensure that co-occurrences of related terms in a record do not contribute multiply to the weight of the record .
it can treat classes of related terms in the same way as it treats strong and weak stems : include them all , but [make sure] that co-occurrences of related terms in a record do not contribute multiply to the weight of the record .

The planning time should ensure there is variation in the sessions .
the planning time should [make sure] there is variation in the sessions .

The safest way to ensure this is to take your basic structures from stories or texts told by your language helper or other speakers of the language .
the safest way to [make sure] this is to take your basic structures from stories or texts told by your language helper or other speakers of the language .

: With the problem of concord , as in Basari ( see p. 62 ) , once all the different noun classes and their appropriate affixed had been drilled , a stimulus-response drill could be set up to ensure fluency and automatic control .
: with the problem of concord , as in basari ( see p. 62 ) , once all the different noun classes and their appropriate affixed had been drilled , a stimulus-response drill could be set up to [make sure] fluency and automatic control .

The best way to ensure that a pedagogical grammar will both meet the audience 's needs and be culturally orientated is to plan every lesson carefully .
the best way to [make sure] that a pedagogical grammar will both meet the audience 's needs and be culturally orientated is to plan every lesson carefully .

Just as it requires careful planning to ensure the correct orientation of a pedagogical grammar , so the progression of the lessons too must be carefully planned .
just as it requires careful planning to [make sure] the correct orientation of a pedagogical grammar , so the progression of the lessons too must be carefully planned .

Use a check list to ensure this is done .
use a check list to [make sure] this is done .

In that case an aggressive demand defeats its own purpose for the use of aggression to ensure compliance suggests that compliance is not really expected .
in that case an aggressive demand defeats its own purpose for the use of aggression to [make sure] compliance suggests that compliance is not really expected .

The method acknowledges that there are laws of organisation which ensure that trends coalesce into defined patterns .
the method acknowledges that there are laws of organisation which [make sure] that trends coalesce into defined patterns .

This is as much to keep other things from crowding in as it is to ensure that we pay attention to all that matters .
this is as much to keep other things from crowding in as it is to [make sure] that we pay attention to all that matters .

Meanwhile two members of Swift 's crew had also jumped on board to ensure that all persons on the vessel were accounted for .
meanwhile two members of swift 's crew had also jumped on board to [make sure] that all persons on the vessel were accounted for .

This method should eliminate end effects provided that the test section where the gauge is mounted is itself far enough away from the sample ends to ensure uniform strain .
this method should eliminate end effects provided that the test section where the gauge is mounted is itself far enough away from the sample ends to [make sure] uniform strain .

This is relatively easy to ensure using any of the standard test pieces recommended for isotropic materials , but may still present difficulties when anisotropic and/or composite specimens are used .
this is relatively easy to [make sure] using any of the standard test pieces recommended for isotropic materials , but may still present difficulties when anisotropic and/or composite specimens are used .

Because some forming processes lead to materials with surface properties different from the bulk , it is necessary with a surface-based technique like this to take steps to ensure that the result is the desired one ; that is , of the bulk or of the surface .
because some forming processes lead to materials with surface properties different from the bulk , it is necessary with a surface-based technique like this to take steps to [make sure] that the result is the desired one ; that is , of the bulk or of the surface .

However Shakespeare employs several devices to ensure that the audience realises that the adulterers ' behaviour is wrong .
however shakespeare employs several devices to [make sure] that the audience realises that the adulterers ' behaviour is wrong .

That we have an obligation to ourselves and to others , to ensure everyone receives justice .
that we have an obligation to ourselves and to others , to [make sure] everyone receives justice .

May the Lord use us to ensure that everyone has enough to eat .
may the lord use us to [make sure] that everyone has enough to eat .

Once initial control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to ensure maintenance of variceal occlusion .
once initial control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to [make sure] maintenance of variceal occlusion .

For this reason , and also to ensure that adequate numbers of patients had been recruited , the present trial was extended from two , to a maximum of five , years .
for this reason , and also to [make sure] that adequate numbers of patients had been recruited , the present trial was extended from two , to a maximum of five , years .

It is important , therefore , before attempting to build up a successful front for the furtherance of your career , first to ensure that the real attitude behind the front is one that will support it on all occasions .
it is important , therefore , before attempting to build up a successful front for the furtherance of your career , first to [make sure] that the real attitude behind the front is one that will support it on all occasions .

Never discuss a case with an unqualified person , do not disclose information pertaining to the subject you have treated , that subject is the object of someone 's affection , and whatever steps have to be taken to ensure preservation , that is your job .
never discuss a case with an unqualified person , do not disclose information pertaining to the subject you have treated , that subject is the object of someone 's affection , and whatever steps have to be taken to [make sure] preservation , that is your job .

The embalmer is advised to ensure that the movement of the air passes along the length of the table position from above downwards wherever possible .
the embalmer is advised to [make sure] that the movement of the air passes along the length of the table position from above downwards wherever possible .

Access to a person with professional skills in the field of occupational health can be invaluable , and should ensure the maintenance of up-to-date policies and procedures and facilitate safe and effective follow-up of immunisation and of sharps injuries and other exposure incidents .
access to a person with professional skills in the field of occupational health can be invaluable , and should [make sure] the maintenance of up-to-date policies and procedures and facilitate safe and effective follow-up of immunisation and of sharps injuries and other exposure incidents .

Will all Divisional Secretaries please ensure that National Office receive their Notice , Agenda and Minutes of Previous Meetings at least six weeks before the date of the next meeting .
will all divisional secretaries please [make sure] that national office receive their notice , agenda and minutes of previous meetings at least six weeks before the date of the next meeting .

Ensure that your place of work is properly ventilated , lit and when necessary , heated .
[make sure] that your place of work is properly ventilated , lit and when necessary , heated .

Ensure that you have valid vaccination and innoculation protection .
[make sure] that you have valid vaccination and innoculation protection .

Ensure that manufacturers ' recommendations about fluids are followed .
[make sure] that manufacturers ' recommendations about fluids are followed .

Every attempt was made to ensure that the trial was double blind .
every attempt was made to [make sure] that the trial was double blind .

When all reintroductions and challenges were complete the maintenance diet was reviewed in detail to ensure that it was nutritionally adequate .
when all reintroductions and challenges were complete the maintenance diet was reviewed in detail to [make sure] that it was nutritionally adequate .

After investigation and treatment follow up data were collected to ensure that no recurrence of anaemia occurred and that the symptoms had resolved .
after investigation and treatment follow up data were collected to [make sure] that no recurrence of anaemia occurred and that the symptoms had resolved .

Because the lumen of the same crypt is visible within a maximal range of 50 µm , every 15th section was stained and counted to ensure that the same crypt was not counted twice .
because the lumen of the same crypt is visible within a maximal range of 50 µm , every 15th section was stained and counted to [make sure] that the same crypt was not counted twice .

The Central Council of Physical Recreation helped to establish our first course in 1955 with an external examiner from the physical education profession joining internal adjudicators to ensure compatibility with nationally accepted standards at the qualifying examination .
the central council of physical recreation helped to establish our first course in 1955 with an external examiner from the physical education profession joining internal adjudicators to [make sure] compatibility with nationally accepted standards at the qualifying examination .

The signal sequence in preprogastrin — that is , residues 1–21 , is sufficient to ensure sequestration into the cisternal space of the endoplasmic reticulum so that the peptides we have measured are likely to be localised to the secretory pathway , most probably taking the constitutive route to the exterior .
the signal sequence in preprogastrin — that is , residues 1–21 , is sufficient to [make sure] sequestration into the cisternal space of the endoplasmic reticulum so that the peptides we have measured are likely to be localised to the secretory pathway , most probably taking the constitutive route to the exterior .

To ensure SaO 2 readings were valid in jaundiced patients , selected patients also has SaO 2 determined by arterial blood gas analysis .
to [make sure] sao 2 readings were valid in jaundiced patients , selected patients also has sao 2 determined by arterial blood gas analysis .

These limitations , which have the potential to bias the results , are concerned with the techniques used to select patients for study , the methods used to ensure a representative sample of oesophageal mucosal diseases , and the technique employed for diagnosing the presence or absence of hiatal hernia .
these limitations , which have the potential to bias the results , are concerned with the techniques used to select patients for study , the methods used to [make sure] a representative sample of oesophageal mucosal diseases , and the technique employed for diagnosing the presence or absence of hiatal hernia .

The meeting supports the Young Barristers Committee 's view that all chambers should resolve not to permit such exploitation , and put in place a mechanism to ensure that it does not take place , with the support and involvement of heads of chambers , senior members and Clerks .
the meeting supports the young barristers committee 's view that all chambers should resolve not to permit such exploitation , and put in place a mechanism to [make sure] that it does not take place , with the support and involvement of heads of chambers , senior members and clerks .

She was also asked to produce a Code of Practice to promote equality and ensure the elimination of discrimination on the grounds of race and gender .
she was also asked to produce a code of practice to promote equality and [make sure] the elimination of discrimination on the grounds of race and gender .

These criteria and restrictions are meant to ensure that the market for the options in any one class can not be manipulated or controlled by any individual or concert party .
these criteria and restrictions are meant to [make sure] that the market for the options in any one class can not be manipulated or controlled by any individual or concert party .

In selecting a new class of options the clearing house attempts to ensure that at all times contracts may be exercised without any undue influence on the share market itself .
in selecting a new class of options the clearing house attempts to [make sure] that at all times contracts may be exercised without any undue influence on the share market itself .

New or secondary issue underwriters have rarely had to take up undersubscribed issues as the timings of such are usually gauged to ensure the full take-up of the shares on offer .
new or secondary issue underwriters have rarely had to take up undersubscribed issues as the timings of such are usually gauged to [make sure] the full take-up of the shares on offer .

However , the organizers must ensure as in all other types of issue that the ownership is spread wide enough to create a liquid market .
however , the organizers must [make sure] as in all other types of issue that the ownership is spread wide enough to create a liquid market .

Rights issues are invariably underwritten in order to ensure that the issuing company receives the additional capital needed .
rights issues are invariably underwritten in order to [make sure] that the issuing company receives the additional capital needed .

However many prettily-painted Eleanors might lurk inside that dumpy frame , the combined influence of an overbearing father and a domineering husband would ensure that they remained securely locked away .
however many prettily-painted eleanors might lurk inside that dumpy frame , the combined influence of an overbearing father and a domineering husband would [make sure] that they remained securely locked away .

She ate the food , sipped her brandy and was even able to smile at the sight of Iris peering between the slices of bread to ensure that the contents were acceptable to a vegetarian .
she ate the food , sipped her brandy and was even able to smile at the sight of iris peering between the slices of bread to [make sure] that the contents were acceptable to a vegetarian .

This was to ensure that , as far as possible , the teachers in the sample included only those who had either experienced the entire process of review , reporting and feedback or who had at least been involved in the review component .
this was to [make sure] that , as far as possible , the teachers in the sample included only those who had either experienced the entire process of review , reporting and feedback or who had at least been involved in the review component .

Shareholders , however , own the firm and generally appoint managers to run it , and as residual claimants they will want to ensure that the value of the firm is maximized .
shareholders , however , own the firm and generally appoint managers to run it , and as residual claimants they will want to [make sure] that the value of the firm is maximized .

Because of this possibility , shareholders will have to incur monitoring costs or agency costs to ensure that managers behave properly .
because of this possibility , shareholders will have to incur monitoring costs or agency costs to [make sure] that managers behave properly .

This states that , in the absence of transaction costs and restrictions on capital movements , real rates of interest will be equal in all countries ; arbitrage will ensure that this is the case .
this states that , in the absence of transaction costs and restrictions on capital movements , real rates of interest will be equal in all countries ; arbitrage will [make sure] that this is the case .

Again , arbitrage will ensure that this is the case .
again , arbitrage will [make sure] that this is the case .

The idea is to ensure an orderly market by giving market participants a cooling-off period with a chance to reassess their positions .
the idea is to [make sure] an orderly market by giving market participants a cooling-off period with a chance to reassess their positions .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to [make sure] that it remains sound .

Care should be taken to ensure that such guidelines are used only in appropriate cases .
care should be taken to [make sure] that such guidelines are used only in appropriate cases .

In the same way the sales manager can optimize his launch date to ensure earliest returns on the new product by accepting a small risk that he will not be able to deliver on the promised date .
in the same way the sales manager can optimize his launch date to [make sure] earliest returns on the new product by accepting a small risk that he will not be able to deliver on the promised date .

The treatment of the new product in all departments must be such as to ensure a product with a price/performance ratio and a quality — that is , fitness for purpose — which matches the market need .
the treatment of the new product in all departments must be such as to [make sure] a product with a price/performance ratio and a quality — that is , fitness for purpose — which matches the market need .

When an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to ensure that it conforms to specification , so tests are carried out on samples .
when an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to [make sure] that it conforms to specification , so tests are carried out on samples .

It is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same criteria , in all departments , to ensure that all such decisions support company policy .
it is helpful if the decision is approached in the same way , using the same criteria , in all departments , to [make sure] that all such decisions support company policy .

Question 5 is to ensure that whenever the answer to Question 3 is ‘ No ’ the process is examined to see whether it is still a sound investment .
question 5 is to [make sure] that whenever the answer to question 3 is ‘ no ’ the process is examined to see whether it is still a sound investment .

The co-ordinator is the only full-time member of the team and it is his task to ensure that the others , who should be sufficiently senior to be able to take decisions on actions proposed , feel involved and committed to the value improvement concept .
the co-ordinator is the only full-time member of the team and it is his task to [make sure] that the others , who should be sufficiently senior to be able to take decisions on actions proposed , feel involved and committed to the value improvement concept .

That of the contractor is to ensure a profit in doing so .
that of the contractor is to [make sure] a profit in doing so .

Before taking this step there should be a final review of the conditions of contract , specification and proposal to ensure that no false impressions as to feasibility and probable profitability exist .
before taking this step there should be a final review of the conditions of contract , specification and proposal to [make sure] that no false impressions as to feasibility and probable profitability exist .

There should be a formal system in force in the company to ensure that these acceptances are obtained in the appropriate order and properly recorded .
there should be a formal system in force in the company to [make sure] that these acceptances are obtained in the appropriate order and properly recorded .

It is worth going to some trouble to ensure that those involved understand that they are not facing an inquisition or a witch hunt but directly influencing management in their area .
it is worth going to some trouble to [make sure] that those involved understand that they are not facing an inquisition or a witch hunt but directly influencing management in their area .

After a little practice the full statements may be omitted as the mnemonics will ensure that the data is transmitted in the correct sequence .
after a little practice the full statements may be omitted as the mnemonics will [make sure] that the data is transmitted in the correct sequence .

The hypothesis is that , when there is no formal communication structure to ensure that the symbols used trigger the same reaction everywhere , differentiations such as those above have the effect of making it probable that they will trigger quite different responses in different people .
the hypothesis is that , when there is no formal communication structure to [make sure] that the symbols used trigger the same reaction everywhere , differentiations such as those above have the effect of making it probable that they will trigger quite different responses in different people .

This procedure is repeated at each stage and ensures that the results are fed back to ensure that they comply with the intention of the previous stage .
this procedure is repeated at each stage and ensures that the results are fed back to [make sure] that they comply with the intention of the previous stage .

The make or buy decision approach described in Chapter 7 is an example of a structure designed for a specific purpose to ensure that a series of related questions are asked and answered in the same ordered sequence by everyone .
the make or buy decision approach described in chapter 7 is an example of a structure designed for a specific purpose to [make sure] that a series of related questions are asked and answered in the same ordered sequence by everyone .

Les Rudd , chief executive , said : ‘ Turning Point , like any other organisation that deals with the general public , has a range of policies to ensure staff safety and minimise risks at work .
les rudd , chief executive , said : ‘ turning point , like any other organisation that deals with the general public , has a range of policies to [make sure] staff safety and minimise risks at work .

That would involve monitoring the ‘ indicative ’ budgets which are to be given to GPs to ensure that there is no wasteful or excessive prescribing .
that would involve monitoring the ‘ indicative ’ budgets which are to be given to gps to [make sure] that there is no wasteful or excessive prescribing .

Peter Purton , an executive member of the lesbian and gay rights campaign , said now the idea of a common age of consent had been supported for a fourth time , he hope that the leadership would finally accept the commitment and ensure it went into the manifesto .
peter purton , an executive member of the lesbian and gay rights campaign , said now the idea of a common age of consent had been supported for a fourth time , he hope that the leadership would finally accept the commitment and [make sure] it went into the manifesto .

The Convention could examine key traded species , carry out the necessary scientific studies and create management plans which would ensure the protection of the species while allowing a profitable legal trade .
the convention could examine key traded species , carry out the necessary scientific studies and create management plans which would [make sure] the protection of the species while allowing a profitable legal trade .

Jack Adams , the unions ' chief negotiator , said they would be seeking to ensure production staff were paid the same as those doing similar jobs at Jaguar — in which Ford recently took a stake — who were earning up to £34 a week more .
jack adams , the unions ' chief negotiator , said they would be seeking to [make sure] production staff were paid the same as those doing similar jobs at jaguar — in which ford recently took a stake — who were earning up to £34 a week more .

The court 's job is to ensure that the administrator has acted within the rule of law , and has not infringed civil rights and freedoms .
the court 's job is to [make sure] that the administrator has acted within the rule of law , and has not infringed civil rights and freedoms .

It may also be possible to claim damages against a local authority for negligently failing to ensure that construction work complied with the relevant building regulations .
it may also be possible to claim damages against a local authority for negligently failing to [make sure] that construction work complied with the relevant building regulations .

As head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .
as head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to [make sure] the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .

This may not help the market go up , but it could well ensure that any setback is only modest , ’ says Mr Tora .
this may not help the market go up , but it could well [make sure] that any setback is only modest , ’ says mr tora .

Party leaders will be making efforts to ensure that Mr Lawson is not openly attacked at the conference .
party leaders will be making efforts to [make sure] that mr lawson is not openly attacked at the conference .

In today 's Conservative Party , ‘ knowing all the right people ’ does not ensure that doors will be opened .
in today 's conservative party , ‘ knowing all the right people ’ does not [make sure] that doors will be opened .

Second , whereas the government 's social policy extols the virtues of targeting benefits and subsidies to where they will do most good , there is no parallel targeting to ensure that interest rate policy will bear only on those aspects of the economy which increase inflationary pressure .
second , whereas the government 's social policy extols the virtues of targeting benefits and subsidies to where they will do most good , there is no parallel targeting to [make sure] that interest rate policy will bear only on those aspects of the economy which increase inflationary pressure .

Then the criteria which would ensure the spread of some trait — say sharp teeth — in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase ‘ fitness ’ ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .
then the criteria which would [make sure] the spread of some trait — say sharp teeth — in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase ‘ fitness ’ ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .

They ensure their own replication , but , instead of killing the cell they inhabit , they often code for proteins which help the host cell , for example by conferring resistance to drugs , or the ability to perform particular chemical reactions .
they [make sure] their own replication , but , instead of killing the cell they inhabit , they often code for proteins which help the host cell , for example by conferring resistance to drugs , or the ability to perform particular chemical reactions .

To ensure freedom from the Forest law the inhabitants of the districts disafforested in Nottinghamshire paid 20 marks in 1228 for exemption from suit at the Forest courts .
to [make sure] freedom from the forest law the inhabitants of the districts disafforested in nottinghamshire paid 20 marks in 1228 for exemption from suit at the forest courts .

Indeed , there were those taking steps to ensure that they would not .
indeed , there were those taking steps to [make sure] that they would not .

And so that he might ensure that our island would be his for all time , he instructed his hordes to slaughter all the children on Møn .
and so that he might [make sure] that our island would be his for all time , he instructed his hordes to slaughter all the children on møn .

In Leicester the Council got a Nonconformist chaplain for the workhouse and it was also able to ensure that the new public cemetery would be ‘ unsectarian ’ , that is , without an Anglican Chapel .
in leicester the council got a nonconformist chaplain for the workhouse and it was also able to [make sure] that the new public cemetery would be ‘ unsectarian ’ , that is , without an anglican chapel .

It is the responsibility of a designer to ensure that the centre of energy of any organisation is where it should be .
it is the responsibility of a designer to [make sure] that the centre of energy of any organisation is where it should be .

You have to ensure that everyone is comfortable , that there is space between rows , at the front and down the aisles .
you have to [make sure] that everyone is comfortable , that there is space between rows , at the front and down the aisles .

That way , you will ensure that people will be pleased — they all want free time — and the programme does n't suffer .
that way , you will [make sure] that people will be pleased — they all want free time — and the programme does n't suffer .

Say , for instance , you 're holding a press conference and you want to ensure maximum attendance .
say , for instance , you 're holding a press conference and you want to [make sure] maximum attendance .

For example , if a local authority is apathetic about the European Community and the single market of 1992 , they can effectively stifle interest and ensure a low turn-Out for a European election .
for example , if a local authority is apathetic about the european community and the single market of 1992 , they can effectively stifle interest and [make sure] a low turn-out for a european election .

However this stance is often misunderstood by others who believe that Christians only ‘ do good work ’ to ensure a place for themselves in heaven .
however this stance is often misunderstood by others who believe that christians only ‘ do good work ’ to [make sure] a place for themselves in heaven .

There are recognized ways of doing things that ensure that the job gets done at a time when we are probably incapable of thinking things through carefully .
there are recognized ways of doing things that [make sure] that the job gets done at a time when we are probably incapable of thinking things through carefully .

But those regulations do ensure that we , the populace , go about disposing of dead people in an orderly way .
but those regulations do [make sure] that we , the populace , go about disposing of dead people in an orderly way .

It might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones .
it might be that we could [make sure] that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones .

Much of the legislation harks back to the time when individuals were less readily identifiable than they are nowadays and so protection was necessary to ensure that foul play was not involved .
much of the legislation harks back to the time when individuals were less readily identifiable than they are nowadays and so protection was necessary to [make sure] that foul play was not involved .

One main role of the Party was to ensure that the appropriate degree of acclamation was produced .
one main role of the party was to [make sure] that the appropriate degree of acclamation was produced .

Monotheism is first a critique of nature religion , but then of tribalism — that is , of the notion that the function of religion is to ensure the coherence , survival , and prosperity of the tribe .
monotheism is first a critique of nature religion , but then of tribalism — that is , of the notion that the function of religion is to [make sure] the coherence , survival , and prosperity of the tribe .

The Gentile world was full of gods , local regional deities for the most part , who needed to be placated with sacrifices to ensure good crops , fertile spouses , successful commercial ventures , or even military victory for the emperor 's army .
the gentile world was full of gods , local regional deities for the most part , who needed to be placated with sacrifices to [make sure] good crops , fertile spouses , successful commercial ventures , or even military victory for the emperor 's army .

Advised by her accountant father and the increasingly influential Terry Blamey , Kylie is mapping out a career path that will ensure that she is no her-today-gone-tomorrow pop package .
advised by her accountant father and the increasingly influential terry blamey , kylie is mapping out a career path that will [make sure] that she is no her-today-gone-tomorrow pop package .

The producers wanted to ensure the film was a hit in the States , they too were happy for Charlie to call the shots .
the producers wanted to [make sure] the film was a hit in the states , they too were happy for charlie to call the shots .

But few celebrities worked so hard to ensure that the proceeds from the golden years all ended up in her coffers .
but few celebrities worked so hard to [make sure] that the proceeds from the golden years all ended up in her coffers .

Much of this could be as plausibly argued today as thirty or more years ago : the extraordinary achievement of the public relations advisers who replaced the ‘ ludicrous courtiers ’ has been to ensure that the royal family do still have it both ways .
much of this could be as plausibly argued today as thirty or more years ago : the extraordinary achievement of the public relations advisers who replaced the ‘ ludicrous courtiers ’ has been to [make sure] that the royal family do still have it both ways .

These may seem somewhat recondite fripperies , but the activities of the lord lieutenants ensure that the fine gradations of class distinction filter out from the Court across the land .
these may seem somewhat recondite fripperies , but the activities of the lord lieutenants [make sure] that the fine gradations of class distinction filter out from the court across the land .

The best and easiest way to ensure that you get a large range of bricks and enough of each kind of brick that you need to build and repair your body cells , is to mix the protein foods you take in at each meal .
the best and easiest way to [make sure] that you get a large range of bricks and enough of each kind of brick that you need to build and repair your body cells , is to mix the protein foods you take in at each meal .

Just to reassure you that a sensible eating plan will ensure that adequate nutrients are derived from the food , here is a brief outline of the topic .
just to reassure you that a sensible eating plan will [make sure] that adequate nutrients are derived from the food , here is a brief outline of the topic .

The methods we have outlined will ensure that your will-power is strong enough for you to attain your goals .
the methods we have outlined will [make sure] that your will-power is strong enough for you to attain your goals .

Nevertheless they also took care to ensure that no one made himself vulnerable , no one put himself at risk by careless speech in public assembly .
nevertheless they also took care to [make sure] that no one made himself vulnerable , no one put himself at risk by careless speech in public assembly .

This is not because Miss Jackson 's presence in the Commons will ensure that Labour never forms the Government , but because Mr Letwin is one of the people credited with having invented the poll tax .
this is not because miss jackson 's presence in the commons will [make sure] that labour never forms the government , but because mr letwin is one of the people credited with having invented the poll tax .

The debate which we will have will ensure that the facts are established , that a majority of Scots realise the dangers of going down such a dangerous road .
the debate which we will have will [make sure] that the facts are established , that a majority of scots realise the dangers of going down such a dangerous road .

Mr Major , delighted with his spectacular success in securing an historic fourth term in power for the Tories , said his first task was to ensure there was a ‘ broadly based recovery in which all will share ’ .
mr major , delighted with his spectacular success in securing an historic fourth term in power for the tories , said his first task was to [make sure] there was a ‘ broadly based recovery in which all will share ’ .

His immediate priority will be to ensure the economy comes out of recession .
his immediate priority will be to [make sure] the economy comes out of recession .

Marriner will ensure that the words are clearly heard , the instrumental parts all count and that the rhythms are springy .
marriner will [make sure] that the words are clearly heard , the instrumental parts all count and that the rhythms are springy .

An executive said : ‘ We 're trying as far as we can to ensure that our business operates normally .
an executive said : ‘ we 're trying as far as we can to [make sure] that our business operates normally .

Some Japanese parents have hired private detectives to ensure their child 's prospective spouse is not from the despised Korean community .
some japanese parents have hired private detectives to [make sure] their child 's prospective spouse is not from the despised korean community .

Lloyd 's of London cleared space on the fourth floor of its nearby building left vacant by the reduction in under-writing capacity to ensure the Baltic Exchange can open for business this morning .
lloyd 's of london cleared space on the fourth floor of its nearby building left vacant by the reduction in under-writing capacity to [make sure] the baltic exchange can open for business this morning .

The disruption to the shipping and insurance markets is expected to be limited but British Telecom moved quickly to restore services and provide the affected companies with links to ensure that callers could dial the usual numbers .
the disruption to the shipping and insurance markets is expected to be limited but british telecom moved quickly to restore services and provide the affected companies with links to [make sure] that callers could dial the usual numbers .

Ipswich 's 3–2 win over Newcastle means John Lyall 's side need six points to ensure promotion .
ipswich 's 3–2 win over newcastle means john lyall 's side need six points to [make sure] promotion .

Stars & Stripes ' 44-seconds defeat by America on Saturday , in a good sailing breeze , meant Conner lost his first chance to ensure a place in the defenders ' final .
stars & stripes ' 44-seconds defeat by america on saturday , in a good sailing breeze , meant conner lost his first chance to [make sure] a place in the defenders ' final .

The company will also provide them with the technical support necessary to ensure the milk 's quality .
the company will also provide them with the technical support necessary to [make sure] the milk 's quality .

But the Government must enter into genuine dialogue with us to ensure these reforms are successful , ’ Mr Smith added .
but the government must enter into genuine dialogue with us to [make sure] these reforms are successful , ’ mr smith added .

It takes a degree of skill to ensure a hat remains in place at airports and the launch of ships .
it takes a degree of skill to [make sure] a hat remains in place at airports and the launch of ships .

As Adam Smith observed , from individual greed come growth and prosperity for all , so long as there are sanctions against those who would profit by theft and mechanisms to ensure that all can share in the prosperity .
as adam smith observed , from individual greed come growth and prosperity for all , so long as there are sanctions against those who would profit by theft and mechanisms to [make sure] that all can share in the prosperity .

Mr Major wants to ensure that his drive to improve public services is translated into a practical programme over the next five years .
mr major wants to [make sure] that his drive to improve public services is translated into a practical programme over the next five years .

If you play a baddy , try to ensure that it 's Vito Corleone in the next Godfather remake .
if you play a baddy , try to [make sure] that it 's vito corleone in the next godfather remake .

If at first you do n't succeed , persistence should ensure that your ‘ body of work ’ will finally win you an Oscar , regardless of the merits of the performance in question .
if at first you do n't succeed , persistence should [make sure] that your ‘ body of work ’ will finally win you an oscar , regardless of the merits of the performance in question .

On the ground floor are immaculate suits from Valentino , d'Avenza , Ungaro , and other major designers , with a resident tailor to ensure perfect fit .
on the ground floor are immaculate suits from valentino , d'avenza , ungaro , and other major designers , with a resident tailor to [make sure] perfect fit .

In devising policies to ensure national security with minimal loss of independence in the post-imperial era , successive Secretaries of State for Defence and their principal military advisers , the Chiefs of Staff , have had to grapple with three dominant factors : a growing Soviet military threat ; a decline in Britain 's ability to create wealth until the very recent Thatcher revolution ; and an accelerating rate of technological change .
in devising policies to [make sure] national security with minimal loss of independence in the post-imperial era , successive secretaries of state for defence and their principal military advisers , the chiefs of staff , have had to grapple with three dominant factors : a growing soviet military threat ; a decline in britain 's ability to create wealth until the very recent thatcher revolution ; and an accelerating rate of technological change .

The extremists among the Continental school argue that all our military resources should be concentrated upon the defence of Western Europe as the best way to ensure the country 's continued survival .
the extremists among the continental school argue that all our military resources should be concentrated upon the defence of western europe as the best way to [make sure] the country 's continued survival .

In the wartime agreement on pooling brains and resources for the original work on the atomic bomb , which was signed at Quebec in 1943 between the United States and Britain in association with Canada , there were five clauses : the signatories would not use atomic weapons against each other ; they would not use them against third parties without the others ' consent ; no information would be given to third parties without mutual consent ; Britain disclaimed any interest in commercial and industrial exploitation , because the heavy burden of production would fall on the United States ; and a Combined Policy Committee would be set up to ensure full and effective collaboration .
in the wartime agreement on pooling brains and resources for the original work on the atomic bomb , which was signed at quebec in 1943 between the united states and britain in association with canada , there were five clauses : the signatories would not use atomic weapons against each other ; they would not use them against third parties without the others ' consent ; no information would be given to third parties without mutual consent ; britain disclaimed any interest in commercial and industrial exploitation , because the heavy burden of production would fall on the united states ; and a combined policy committee would be set up to [make sure] full and effective collaboration .

The 1959 Defence White Paper announced that the Army would be allowed to recruit up to a ceiling of 180,000 ‘ to ensure that its strength shall not fall below the planned figure of 165,000 ’ — a lame excuse since this requirement was just as valid in 1957 .
the 1959 defence white paper announced that the army would be allowed to recruit up to a ceiling of 180,000 ‘ to [make sure] that its strength shall not fall below the planned figure of 165,000 ’ — a lame excuse since this requirement was just as valid in 1957 .

The need to ensure that the new all-regular Army lived in conditions that would not deter recruiting became more pressing than consideration of the risks of capital expenditure on accommodation in areas where reasonable security of tenure was not assured .
the need to [make sure] that the new all-regular army lived in conditions that would not deter recruiting became more pressing than consideration of the risks of capital expenditure on accommodation in areas where reasonable security of tenure was not assured .

British military forces would only be used to ensure the smooth transition of power to properly elected local governments , and to protect the newly independent states from external predators .
british military forces would only be used to [make sure] the smooth transition of power to properly elected local governments , and to protect the newly independent states from external predators .

Moreover , Macmillan managed to ensure that the Americans did not impose a dual key system as they had done with the RAF-manned Thors .
moreover , macmillan managed to [make sure] that the americans did not impose a dual key system as they had done with the raf-manned thors .

Frequently a symbol of salvation , a dolphin talisman would ensure a safe journey on land or at sea , and its image stamped on a coin or token was used as a good luck charm .
frequently a symbol of salvation , a dolphin talisman would [make sure] a safe journey on land or at sea , and its image stamped on a coin or token was used as a good luck charm .

Whether the headlong rush to develop and industrialise the world 's last great wild places can be controlled to ensure the survival of the unique river dolphins will depend on how the respective governments accept their responsibilities to care for and conserve the wonders of natural evolution .
whether the headlong rush to develop and industrialise the world 's last great wild places can be controlled to [make sure] the survival of the unique river dolphins will depend on how the respective governments accept their responsibilities to care for and conserve the wonders of natural evolution .

The subcommittee said it was a matter of urgency to ensure the catch was reduced to at least the levels of previous years ( which themselves had possibly been too high ) .
the subcommittee said it was a matter of urgency to [make sure] the catch was reduced to at least the levels of previous years ( which themselves had possibly been too high ) .

Korean skippers , for example , must pass an examination in plastics disposal before they are commissioned , and must keep a daily log to ensure that all plastic rubbish has been kept on board .
korean skippers , for example , must pass an examination in plastics disposal before they are commissioned , and must keep a daily log to [make sure] that all plastic rubbish has been kept on board .

Mr Wright 's law was passed in 1979 to ensure that the newer and bigger Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport would thrive ( he represented Fort Worth ) .
mr wright 's law was passed in 1979 to [make sure] that the newer and bigger dallas-fort worth international airport would thrive ( he represented fort worth ) .

If the army is going to be troublesome , Mr Suharto needs the Muslim masses clearly on his side to ensure he will have his way in next year 's election .
if the army is going to be troublesome , mr suharto needs the muslim masses clearly on his side to [make sure] he will have his way in next year 's election .

The new head of Soviet state television and radio , Leonid Kravchenko , says he was appointed to do the president 's bidding and thinks his job is to ensure that state television does not criticise the state .
the new head of soviet state television and radio , leonid kravchenko , says he was appointed to do the president 's bidding and thinks his job is to [make sure] that state television does not criticise the state .

Most have a core of solid businesses that ensure that at least parts of the firm are making serious money .
most have a core of solid businesses that [make sure] that at least parts of the firm are making serious money .

Dr Tipler argues — hopefully , but un-convincingly — that a natural tendency towards altruism will ensure that this resurrection is pleasant : heavenly , rather than infernal .
dr tipler argues — hopefully , but un-convincingly — that a natural tendency towards altruism will [make sure] that this resurrection is pleasant : heavenly , rather than infernal .

Economic forces ensure that the same efficient allocation will happen in either case .
economic forces [make sure] that the same efficient allocation will happen in either case .

All products grouped collectively under the name charcuterie must be treated in some way to ensure the products ' keeping qualities .
all products grouped collectively under the name charcuterie must be treated in some way to [make sure] the products ' keeping qualities .

Parma ham is available ready sliced in small packets , but this is an expensive way to but it , although it does always ensure good , even pieces .
parma ham is available ready sliced in small packets , but this is an expensive way to but it , although it does always [make sure] good , even pieces .

Ensure that any resulting stock is not too salty before you add it to casseroles or other recipes .
[make sure] that any resulting stock is not too salty before you add it to casseroles or other recipes .

Products labelled ‘ table ’ or ‘ cooking ’ salt usually contain chemicals and anti-caking agents to ensure free-flow from the drum in which they are packed , giving rise to famous advertising slogans such as ‘ Everyone knows Saxa flows ’ and ‘ When it rains , it pours ’ .
products labelled ‘ table ’ or ‘ cooking ’ salt usually contain chemicals and anti-caking agents to [make sure] free-flow from the drum in which they are packed , giving rise to famous advertising slogans such as ‘ everyone knows saxa flows ’ and ‘ when it rains , it pours ’ .

In some areas , such as Bali , the cultivation of rice has been linked to religious ceremony for hundreds of years , to ensure an adequate water supply throughout the growing season .
in some areas , such as bali , the cultivation of rice has been linked to religious ceremony for hundreds of years , to [make sure] an adequate water supply throughout the growing season .

All the fruits are available , but you must ensure that your local shopkeeper realises that you want , and are prepared to pay for , the best .
all the fruits are available , but you must [make sure] that your local shopkeeper realises that you want , and are prepared to pay for , the best .

But if you accept that carbon dioxide is a much More insidious threat and nuclear power is the one major supplier of energy that does not produce it , the issue begins to turn not so much on the dangerous unacceptibility of reactors but on how you regulate and make them safe and ensure that their fuel is not diverted for military purposes .
but if you accept that carbon dioxide is a much more insidious threat and nuclear power is the one major supplier of energy that does not produce it , the issue begins to turn not so much on the dangerous unacceptibility of reactors but on how you regulate and make them safe and [make sure] that their fuel is not diverted for military purposes .

To ensure sustainable development , we must ‘ maintain the capital stock ’ .
to [make sure] sustainable development , we must ‘ maintain the capital stock ’ .

Near the close , Holding began to lay about him and was dropped off a skyer ; next morning he continued in the same vein to ensure his team a first innings lead , and ensure , too , that Bob Willis 's Test career would end on an unhappy note as it was he who took most of the stick .
near the close , holding began to lay about him and was dropped off a skyer ; next morning he continued in the same vein to [make sure] his team a first innings lead , and [make sure] , too , that bob willis 's test career would end on an unhappy note as it was he who took most of the stick .

He played in six series against England and only in the last , in 1963 , did he fail with the bat ; other big scores included 191 not out , again at Nottingham , carrying his bat to help save the third Test of 1957 , and 197 not out at Barbados in the first match of 1959–60 again to ensure a draw after a big England innings .
he played in six series against england and only in the last , in 1963 , did he fail with the bat ; other big scores included 191 not out , again at nottingham , carrying his bat to help save the third test of 1957 , and 197 not out at barbados in the first match of 1959–60 again to [make sure] a draw after a big england innings .

They showed little regard for the ceremony of church weddings , although they both hoped to find some form of acceptable New Testament-based belief for themselves without benefit of clergy ; they believed , in Lamarckian fashion , that the physical match and spiritual preparation of parents would ensure a ‘ better ’ offspring , as one essential step to a better world .
they showed little regard for the ceremony of church weddings , although they both hoped to find some form of acceptable new testament-based belief for themselves without benefit of clergy ; they believed , in lamarckian fashion , that the physical match and spiritual preparation of parents would [make sure] a ‘ better ’ offspring , as one essential step to a better world .

Many Germans seem to have convinced themselves that by ‘ taking Gorbachev at his word ’ ( to borrow a phrase of the currently almost speechless Hans-Dietrich Genscher , the foreign minister ) , they could ensure that things went well in the Soviet Union ; and that Saddam Hussein could be shifted without war .
many germans seem to have convinced themselves that by ‘ taking gorbachev at his word ’ ( to borrow a phrase of the currently almost speechless hans-dietrich genscher , the foreign minister ) , they could [make sure] that things went well in the soviet union ; and that saddam hussein could be shifted without war .

Though about 95 % of orders are placed without human intervention , people can , of course , monitor and override any of the system 's decisions — eg , to ensure that it is not ordering $ 2m missiles because of a statistical fluke .
though about 95 % of orders are placed without human intervention , people can , of course , monitor and override any of the system 's decisions — eg , to [make sure] that it is not ordering $ 2m missiles because of a statistical fluke .

He chewed his thumbnail as he walked , out of long experience keeping in mind the highest priorities : Ensure Body Not Moved and Ensure Next of Kin Notified before the Press got the story .
he chewed his thumbnail as he walked , out of long experience keeping in mind the highest priorities : [make sure] body not moved and [make sure] next of kin notified before the press got the story .

Faced with a virtual infinity of demand , your role is to seek new resources and ensure that those resources are spent to best effect .
faced with a virtual infinity of demand , your role is to seek new resources and [make sure] that those resources are spent to best effect .

This would ensure that issues of principle could be dealt with before the painstaking , line-by-line consideration of parliamentary drafting .
this would [make sure] that issues of principle could be dealt with before the painstaking , line-by-line consideration of parliamentary drafting .

Such proof of her powers may help Mrs Prophet in her other pursuit : a down-payment of $ 10,000 is usually required to ensure a place in her post-nuclear world .
such proof of her powers may help mrs prophet in her other pursuit : a down-payment of $ 10,000 is usually required to [make sure] a place in her post-nuclear world .

This paralysis may ensure that , after three years of breathtaking growth , the Thai economy has a hard rather than a soft landing .
this paralysis may [make sure] that , after three years of breathtaking growth , the thai economy has a hard rather than a soft landing .

By March 19th the ruling Kuomintang had twisted enough old arms in the assembly to ensure that it would drop its plans .
by march 19th the ruling kuomintang had twisted enough old arms in the assembly to [make sure] that it would drop its plans .

These pricing formulas will ensure that prices continue to rise for several years : in Northumbria , for example , prices could more than double by the mid-1990s .
these pricing formulas will [make sure] that prices continue to rise for several years : in northumbria , for example , prices could more than double by the mid-1990s .

The teams work to guidelines that ensure that their creations can work with those of their colleagues .
the teams work to guidelines that [make sure] that their creations can work with those of their colleagues .

These would have to be stringent enough to ensure that the country 's borrowing did not put pressure on national or Community interest rates .
these would have to be stringent enough to [make sure] that the country 's borrowing did not put pressure on national or community interest rates .

With the pound locked into the European Monetary System , the most and the least the government can do is ensure that nominal demand does not collapse .
with the pound locked into the european monetary system , the most and the least the government can do is [make sure] that nominal demand does not collapse .

Mr Major used his new policy adviser , Sarah Hogg , to ensure that Downing Street was putting its own ideas in to the review .
mr major used his new policy adviser , sarah hogg , to [make sure] that downing street was putting its own ideas in to the review .

More important , he made it his priority to ensure that the departments worked together , not against each other .
more important , he made it his priority to [make sure] that the departments worked together , not against each other .

Mr Pöhl meanwhile is trying to ensure that , when the Bundesbank is restructured to accommodate new representatives from eastern Germany , his own power to insist on a rigorously anti-inflationary policy is not diluted .
mr pöhl meanwhile is trying to [make sure] that , when the bundesbank is restructured to accommodate new representatives from eastern germany , his own power to insist on a rigorously anti-inflationary policy is not diluted .

In more and more instruments , the law of one price is free to apply : close financial substitutes are allowed to be swapped for one another , so trading ( arbitrage , in the argot ) can ensure that they fetch the same price .
in more and more instruments , the law of one price is free to apply : close financial substitutes are allowed to be swapped for one another , so trading ( arbitrage , in the argot ) can [make sure] that they fetch the same price .

As long as shareholders are principally distant institutions , it will become ever more important to ensure that the annual auditing of accounts is done in as independent and thorough a way as possible ; if shareholders wished , that audit could then be extended into more general strategic matters .
as long as shareholders are principally distant institutions , it will become ever more important to [make sure] that the annual auditing of accounts is done in as independent and thorough a way as possible ; if shareholders wished , that audit could then be extended into more general strategic matters .

Mr Stanton has some worthy thoughts on how to ensure the safety and soundness of these shadowy leviathans .
mr stanton has some worthy thoughts on how to [make sure] the safety and soundness of these shadowy leviathans .

Its view is that any help from the West for the Soviet economy must be ‘ catalytic ’ : that is , it must ensure genuine radical reform .
its view is that any help from the west for the soviet economy must be ‘ catalytic ’ : that is , it must [make sure] genuine radical reform .

There is theoretical discussion of some kind of international guarantee to ensure that what is agreed now will be implemented later , but no sign of what form this might take .
there is theoretical discussion of some kind of international guarantee to [make sure] that what is agreed now will be implemented later , but no sign of what form this might take .

The Bar Council , the governing body of barristers , approved plans to ensure that at least 5 % of its members and pupils will come from ethnic minorities .
the bar council , the governing body of barristers , approved plans to [make sure] that at least 5 % of its members and pupils will come from ethnic minorities .

Many developers use business analysts to ensure that the development team maintain a proper focus on business requirements .
many developers use business analysts to [make sure] that the development team maintain a proper focus on business requirements .

Also , industry observers say Indian companies must put more money into research and development to ensure that quality remains uncompromised .
also , industry observers say indian companies must put more money into research and development to [make sure] that quality remains uncompromised .

More to the point , you fail to mention the fact that the Government has offered talks on a pay structure which would ensure that those ambulance workers with a high skill level , who tend to be those who deal with the worst accidents , are paid more to reflect their training .
more to the point , you fail to mention the fact that the government has offered talks on a pay structure which would [make sure] that those ambulance workers with a high skill level , who tend to be those who deal with the worst accidents , are paid more to reflect their training .

Forget Suter and Mr Abell . The important point is this : is the use of an overseas company like Sterling ( where inquiries about the real ownership of shareholdings in threatened companies are met with a polite but firm snub ) acceptable within a legalframework trying to ensure fair play ?
forget suter and mr abell . the important point is this : is the use of an overseas company like sterling ( where inquiries about the real ownership of shareholdings in threatened companies are met with a polite but firm snub ) acceptable within a legalframework trying to [make sure] fair play ?

He said that the Commission ‘ has not wavered one iota ’ in its determination to ensure competition .
he said that the commission ‘ has not wavered one iota ’ in its determination to [make sure] competition .

Saga publishes a booklet , Saving and Spending on Longer Holidays Abroad , which not only details the savings householders of any age can expect to make while they take an extended holiday , but also gives advice to pensioners on how to ensure they get their pension while they winter abroad .
saga publishes a booklet , saving and spending on longer holidays abroad , which not only details the savings householders of any age can expect to make while they take an extended holiday , but also gives advice to pensioners on how to [make sure] they get their pension while they winter abroad .

Sir David is likely to stress that proposals which are viewed in the colony as ungenerous would create difficulties for his administration 's attempts to ensure a smooth transition to Chinese rule .
sir david is likely to stress that proposals which are viewed in the colony as ungenerous would create difficulties for his administration 's attempts to [make sure] a smooth transition to chinese rule .

‘ Anyone who has a microwave oven , ’ went on Mr Gummer , ‘ will be able to check against the list to see what steps , if any , they need to take to ensure their food is fully cooked .
‘ anyone who has a microwave oven , ’ went on mr gummer , ‘ will be able to check against the list to see what steps , if any , they need to take to [make sure] their food is fully cooked .

He should ask the Prime Minister to open negotiations to enter the Exchange Rate Mechanism , and ensure a proper balance between consumption and investment to guarantee the long-term future of British industry .
he should ask the prime minister to open negotiations to enter the exchange rate mechanism , and [make sure] a proper balance between consumption and investment to guarantee the long-term future of british industry .

No law of equal time exists to ensure that he appears at as many international summits as she does .
no law of equal time exists to [make sure] that he appears at as many international summits as she does .

Sidney and Beatrice Webb , who wrote the syllabus for British socialism and the Labour party , explained that the social theory of collectivism required the state to ensure that only the fittest survived .
sidney and beatrice webb , who wrote the syllabus for british socialism and the labour party , explained that the social theory of collectivism required the state to [make sure] that only the fittest survived .

When the good news from the Gulf arrived from Saudi Arabia via a Foreign Office cable , ‘ officials checked the rules to ensure the announcement could go out in Mr Major 's name ’ , he said .
when the good news from the gulf arrived from saudi arabia via a foreign office cable , ‘ officials checked the rules to [make sure] the announcement could go out in mr major 's name ’ , he said .

‘ We will use whatever influence we have to the full to ensure , for example , that you do n't tax middle-managers with a 49 per cent rate at £27,000 , and you do n't tax people above £40,000 with a combined 59 per cent rate .
‘ we will use whatever influence we have to the full to [make sure] , for example , that you do n't tax middle-managers with a 49 per cent rate at £27,000 , and you do n't tax people above £40,000 with a combined 59 per cent rate .

Crashing pilots always tried to ensure that their aircraft was not going to hit any people or buildings , ‘ but quite often they leave it too late and die .
crashing pilots always tried to [make sure] that their aircraft was not going to hit any people or buildings , ‘ but quite often they leave it too late and die .

Broadly speaking , their best strategies to cope with a Labour win would be to ensure they make the most of allowances created through the independent taxation of husbands and wives , and — where possible — to take income on a self-employed basis rather than as employees .
broadly speaking , their best strategies to cope with a labour win would be to [make sure] they make the most of allowances created through the independent taxation of husbands and wives , and — where possible — to take income on a self-employed basis rather than as employees .

Bank references are sought by companies to ensure that those with whom they are trading are solvent and can pay for goods and services supplied to them .
bank references are sought by companies to [make sure] that those with whom they are trading are solvent and can pay for goods and services supplied to them .

Mr Taylor must ensure a sceptical public understand that it is to obtain these securities for their less fortunate brethren that the highly-paid Premier League players have been asked to express a willingness to strike .
mr taylor must [make sure] a sceptical public understand that it is to obtain these securities for their less fortunate brethren that the highly-paid premier league players have been asked to express a willingness to strike .

Many locals were angry that the pilot and his electronic warfare officer ejected from their crashing plane too soon to ensure it would not hit buildings at Barton Hartshorn , near Buckingham .
many locals were angry that the pilot and his electronic warfare officer ejected from their crashing plane too soon to [make sure] it would not hit buildings at barton hartshorn , near buckingham .

‘ Peel 's response was to construct a service with a severe code of discipline and a structure of supervisory ranks designed to ensure strict control of policing and police officers .
‘ peel 's response was to construct a service with a severe code of discipline and a structure of supervisory ranks designed to [make sure] strict control of policing and police officers .

Its report , based on interviews with 140 income support claimants by Bradford University researchers and the Family Service Unit charity , claims mothers regularly go short of food to ensure their children have enough , and that parents scrounge clothing from relatives or turn to charity or loan sharks .
its report , based on interviews with 140 income support claimants by bradford university researchers and the family service unit charity , claims mothers regularly go short of food to [make sure] their children have enough , and that parents scrounge clothing from relatives or turn to charity or loan sharks .

One that would ensure permanent representation in power for the Left , ’ he said .
one that would [make sure] permanent representation in power for the left , ’ he said .

‘ If parents can not turn to the law to ensure that education authorities fulfil their obligations to every child in their care , then where else can they go ? ’ he said .
‘ if parents can not turn to the law to [make sure] that education authorities fulfil their obligations to every child in their care , then where else can they go ? ’ he said .

The change involved the production of a protective ‘ skin ’ to ensure that water loss to the atmosphere was not excessive , and the stems had to acquire sufficient rigidity to stand up without the support of surrounding water , but also the cellular structure had to allow the passage of nutrients to the growing shoots ( ultimately , a vascular system ) .
the change involved the production of a protective ‘ skin ’ to [make sure] that water loss to the atmosphere was not excessive , and the stems had to acquire sufficient rigidity to stand up without the support of surrounding water , but also the cellular structure had to allow the passage of nutrients to the growing shoots ( ultimately , a vascular system ) .

The French approach to takeovers has tended to aim at strengthening their central manufacturing core and to ensure that the French company remains dominant and in control , whereas the British takeover is generally aimed at diversification .
the french approach to takeovers has tended to aim at strengthening their central manufacturing core and to [make sure] that the french company remains dominant and in control , whereas the british takeover is generally aimed at diversification .

There is complete executive supremacy in the legislative process , severely limited opportunities for general debates criticising the government , virtually no opportunities for scrutinising executive acts and making the executive give an account of them … Executive power is a little too immune from proper scrutiny … The democrat looks to a parliament to ensure that the executive is kept under scrutiny and prevented from abusing its powers .
there is complete executive supremacy in the legislative process , severely limited opportunities for general debates criticising the government , virtually no opportunities for scrutinising executive acts and making the executive give an account of them … executive power is a little too immune from proper scrutiny … the democrat looks to a parliament to [make sure] that the executive is kept under scrutiny and prevented from abusing its powers .

It is claimed that the ‘ principle of subsidiarity ’ will ensure that states retain a large measure of independence because federalism means decentralisation .
it is claimed that the ‘ principle of subsidiarity ’ will [make sure] that states retain a large measure of independence because federalism means decentralisation .

He emphasised the fact that , under the Single European Act , some majority voting had been introduced in order to ensure that the single market worked effectively , but that he was very critical of the case being proposed for further extensions of competence , for example in the social field .
he emphasised the fact that , under the single european act , some majority voting had been introduced in order to [make sure] that the single market worked effectively , but that he was very critical of the case being proposed for further extensions of competence , for example in the social field .

He emphasised that the European Parliament should be given more teeth to ensure value for money and for scrutinising how the Commission spends taxpayers ' money .
he emphasised that the european parliament should be given more teeth to [make sure] value for money and for scrutinising how the commission spends taxpayers ' money .

In his view , there should be a clear test applied to ensure that the Community only does things which can not be done well at a national level .
in his view , there should be a clear test applied to [make sure] that the community only does things which can not be done well at a national level .

We want you to choose the Club to suit your needs , to ensure that you get the very best from your holiday .
we want you to choose the club to suit your needs , to [make sure] that you get the very best from your holiday .

Obviously Club managements try to ensure that this work is carried out with the minimum of inconvenience to guests .
obviously club managements try to [make sure] that this work is carried out with the minimum of inconvenience to guests .

We will endeavour to give you the best possible service to ensure a trouble-free and enjoyable holiday .
we will endeavour to give you the best possible service to [make sure] a trouble-free and enjoyable holiday .

We have taken all reasonable and proper steps to ensure that proper arrangements have been made for all the holidays which are advertised in this brochure and for excursions as described above and that the suppliers of the various services which will be provided to you as part of the inclusive holiday are efficient , safe and reputable businesses , and that they comply with the local and national laws and regulations of the country in which they provide those services .
we have taken all reasonable and proper steps to [make sure] that proper arrangements have been made for all the holidays which are advertised in this brochure and for excursions as described above and that the suppliers of the various services which will be provided to you as part of the inclusive holiday are efficient , safe and reputable businesses , and that they comply with the local and national laws and regulations of the country in which they provide those services .

Companies should also ensure that their employees have the skills and knowledge to play their part in the export drive , for example , by being aware of the standards set by competitors which we have to beat .
companies should also [make sure] that their employees have the skills and knowledge to play their part in the export drive , for example , by being aware of the standards set by competitors which we have to beat .

Exporters are usually warned at seminars to ensure that the Letter of Credit they receive is an ‘ irrevocable ’ one .
exporters are usually warned at seminars to [make sure] that the letter of credit they receive is an ‘ irrevocable ’ one .

The office is a tangible recognition at many levels in this community of a determination to ensure that the Province plays a significant role in the Europe of the Nineties , of the Single Market and economic integration .
the office is a tangible recognition at many levels in this community of a determination to [make sure] that the province plays a significant role in the europe of the nineties , of the single market and economic integration .

It will be a pressure point in Brussels to ensure that business in the Province is not handicapped by any aspect of the Single Market .
it will be a pressure point in brussels to [make sure] that business in the province is not handicapped by any aspect of the single market .

The Port of Belfast now handles more than 55% of Northern Ireland 's seaborne trade and the Harbour Commissioners feel that this success is due in no small part to the investment programme which saw £25 million invested over the last five years in a modernisation programme designed to ensure that the Port of Belfast can offer its customers the most up to date , cost effective cargo handling facilities .
the port of belfast now handles more than 55% of northern ireland 's seaborne trade and the harbour commissioners feel that this success is due in no small part to the investment programme which saw £25 million invested over the last five years in a modernisation programme designed to [make sure] that the port of belfast can offer its customers the most up to date , cost effective cargo handling facilities .

This new access , along with the proposed cross harbour road and rail bridges , shall ensure that all parts of the Harbour Estate are directly linked to Northern Ireland 's motorway system .
this new access , along with the proposed cross harbour road and rail bridges , shall [make sure] that all parts of the harbour estate are directly linked to northern ireland 's motorway system .

Enterprise representatives are friendly , reliable , and highly skilled , and are in resort to ensure that you have the best possible holiday .
enterprise representatives are friendly , reliable , and highly skilled , and are in resort to [make sure] that you have the best possible holiday .

The Beck family , who own and run the hotel , are friendly and helpful , and will do everything to ensure your holiday runs smoothly .
the beck family , who own and run the hotel , are friendly and helpful , and will do everything to [make sure] your holiday runs smoothly .

We are committed to a policy of fair trading and make every effort to ensure that you will have an enjoyable holiday with us .
we are committed to a policy of fair trading and make every effort to [make sure] that you will have an enjoyable holiday with us .

We do try to ensure that your holiday with us is as enjoyable as possible , but occasionally plans do go wrong .
we do try to [make sure] that your holiday with us is as enjoyable as possible , but occasionally plans do go wrong .

All brochure descriptions are advertised by us in good faith and every care is taken to ensure their accuracy .
all brochure descriptions are advertised by us in good faith and every care is taken to [make sure] their accuracy .

Interest rates Short-term management of the economy has meant that governments manipulate interest rates to ensure reelection , rather than with the long term interests of the economy in mind .
interest rates short-term management of the economy has meant that governments manipulate interest rates to [make sure] reelection , rather than with the long term interests of the economy in mind .

Encourage small businesses and the self-employed , and ensure a ‘ level playing field ’ for them in competing with their larger counterparts .
encourage small businesses and the self-employed , and [make sure] a ‘ level playing field ’ for them in competing with their larger counterparts .

We will ensure that every employee has a right to participate in decision-making in their enterprise .
we will [make sure] that every employee has a right to participate in decision-making in their enterprise .

If the country does not save enough to achieve the target , we will alter taxes and public spending accordingly , to ensure adequate long-term investment and keep the economy developing in a non-inflationary way .
if the country does not save enough to achieve the target , we will alter taxes and public spending accordingly , to [make sure] adequate long-term investment and keep the economy developing in a non-inflationary way .

Home rule and decentralisation will ensure that economic power and prosperity is spread throughout Britain .
home rule and decentralisation will [make sure] that economic power and prosperity is spread throughout britain .

We will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , conditions and duration of the services provided .
we will [make sure] that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , conditions and duration of the services provided .

Liberal Democrats are determined to ensure that Britain changes its ways so that it become a leader , not a laggard , in facing the environmental challenge .
liberal democrats are determined to [make sure] that britain changes its ways so that it become a leader , not a laggard , in facing the environmental challenge .

We will prohibit experiments involving pain or distress for non-medical and non-veterinary purposes , promote alternatives to the use of animals in research and education , and ensure that laws against badger-baiting and dog-fighting are enforced .
we will prohibit experiments involving pain or distress for non-medical and non-veterinary purposes , promote alternatives to the use of animals in research and education , and [make sure] that laws against badger-baiting and dog-fighting are enforced .

Essential new roads and improvements will still proceed , but the creation of a ‘ level playing field ’ in decision-making between rail and road will ensure some switch of passenger and freight transport to the railways .
essential new roads and improvements will still proceed , but the creation of a ‘ level playing field ’ in decision-making between rail and road will [make sure] some switch of passenger and freight transport to the railways .

We supported the introduction of the Teachers ' Pay Review Body and believe it will ensure that teachers are properly rewarded .
we supported the introduction of the teachers ' pay review body and believe it will [make sure] that teachers are properly rewarded .

Liberal Democrats will ensure that every individual can receive high-quality education and training throughout their life from before school to retirement .
liberal democrats will [make sure] that every individual can receive high-quality education and training throughout their life from before school to retirement .

We will ensure that every pupil has a National Record of Achievement so that progress is properly documented and shared between parents and schools .
we will [make sure] that every pupil has a national record of achievement so that progress is properly documented and shared between parents and schools .

We will ensure that all 14–19 year olds have a personal tutor and careers advice , helping them build the foundations for personal fulfilment and success .
we will [make sure] that all 14–19 year olds have a personal tutor and careers advice , helping them build the foundations for personal fulfilment and success .

Our new Higher Education Standards Council will ensure that as numbers rise , quality does not suffer .
our new higher education standards council will [make sure] that as numbers rise , quality does not suffer .

Our aim is to ensure that individuals of all backgrounds and means can live free of the fear of sickness , poverty and crime .
our aim is to [make sure] that individuals of all backgrounds and means can live free of the fear of sickness , poverty and crime .

We will ensure access to clinics providing health promotion , counselling , family planning and screening services , particularly for cervical and breast cancer , and advice on maternity and child care .
we will [make sure] access to clinics providing health promotion , counselling , family planning and screening services , particularly for cervical and breast cancer , and advice on maternity and child care .

We will therefore create a new Partnership Housing sector to ensure high-quality affordable rented housing .
we will therefore create a new partnership housing sector to [make sure] high-quality affordable rented housing .

These reforms will ensure that every citizen is guaranteed a decent minimum income , whether or not they are in employment .
these reforms will [make sure] that every citizen is guaranteed a decent minimum income , whether or not they are in employment .

We will convert Invalid Care Allowance into a Carer 's Benefit , increasing its value by an immediate 15 % , indexing its future level to earnings and altering the entitlement rules to enable carers to combine caring with part-time or even full-time jobs and to ensure that people will still be eligible even if the caring starts after the carer reaches pensionable age .
we will convert invalid care allowance into a carer 's benefit , increasing its value by an immediate 15 % , indexing its future level to earnings and altering the entitlement rules to enable carers to combine caring with part-time or even full-time jobs and to [make sure] that people will still be eligible even if the caring starts after the carer reaches pensionable age .

Special provisions will also ensure that those on modest incomes most of which comes from investments , such as people who have been made redundant , do not pay this 9 % on their savings .
special provisions will also [make sure] that those on modest incomes most of which comes from investments , such as people who have been made redundant , do not pay this 9 % on their savings .

We will reinforce legislation to ensure equal opportunities for all , in housing , employment , education and training , especially in inner-city areas .
we will reinforce legislation to [make sure] equal opportunities for all , in housing , employment , education and training , especially in inner-city areas .

We will ensure that the basic state pension is paid as of right and end means testing for our poorest senior citizens .
we will [make sure] that the basic state pension is paid as of right and end means testing for our poorest senior citizens .

We will ensure that the Parliament becomes an effective partner with the Council in law-making , exercising in full the power of ‘ co-decision ’ .
we will [make sure] that the parliament becomes an effective partner with the council in law-making , exercising in full the power of ‘ co-decision ’ .

Britain must ensure that the Community plays a pivotal role in the construction of a new security order in Europe , following the democratisation of Eastern and Central Europe .
britain must [make sure] that the community plays a pivotal role in the construction of a new security order in europe , following the democratisation of eastern and central europe .

We will provide technical help to develop methods of resource accounting and environmental protection and ensure that measures of sustainability are incorporated in decisions on development projects and programmes .
we will provide technical help to develop methods of resource accounting and environmental protection and [make sure] that measures of sustainability are incorporated in decisions on development projects and programmes .

It will lead to a better choice of candidates and ensure that more women and candidates from minority ethnic communities are elected .
it will lead to a better choice of candidates and [make sure] that more women and candidates from minority ethnic communities are elected .

We will give the new authorities greater responsibilities — for example , over education , health , and planning — and freedom to ensure the delivery of services in ways they think best .
we will give the new authorities greater responsibilities — for example , over education , health , and planning — and freedom to [make sure] the delivery of services in ways they think best .

We will ensure that all tiers of regional and local government publish a ‘ Charter of Services ’ , giving citizens clear rights to standards of service , and remedies if these are not met .
we will [make sure] that all tiers of regional and local government publish a ‘ charter of services ’ , giving citizens clear rights to standards of service , and remedies if these are not met .

In addition , we will use government 's powers of appointment to ensure fair representation of women on public bodies .
in addition , we will use government 's powers of appointment to [make sure] fair representation of women on public bodies .

Stranger than the truth perhaps but tireless , happy go lucky , organised , a friend at all times — these are the boys and girls that really will ensure you get to make the most of your holiday .
stranger than the truth perhaps but tireless , happy go lucky , organised , a friend at all times — these are the boys and girls that really will [make sure] you get to make the most of your holiday .

Your Clubrep will , as ever , be on hand to ensure everyone makes the most of their trip and will point you in the right direction for the sights , beaches and tavernas/bars of each island .
your clubrep will , as ever , be on hand to [make sure] everyone makes the most of their trip and will point you in the right direction for the sights , beaches and tavernas/bars of each island .

We check and re-check the information about accommodation and resorts both at home and abroad to ensure that it is correct at the time of going to press Dec ( 1989 ) .
we check and re-check the information about accommodation and resorts both at home and abroad to [make sure] that it is correct at the time of going to press dec ( 1989 ) .

The greatest problem facing schools , now as always , is how to ensure the best possible service to present pupils ( this may be called the steady-state operation ) , while at the same time , developing the creativity which alone will allow us to continue to adapt to change in the future .
the greatest problem facing schools , now as always , is how to [make sure] the best possible service to present pupils ( this may be called the steady-state operation ) , while at the same time , developing the creativity which alone will allow us to continue to adapt to change in the future .

How do we ensure that management is seen as a set of empowering activities and not as a control activity ? This is particularly important in the resource management context .
how do we [make sure] that management is seen as a set of empowering activities and not as a control activity ? this is particularly important in the resource management context .

Agreement with the objectives will help to ensure that they are seen to be important and that activity will be directed towards their achievement .
agreement with the objectives will help to [make sure] that they are seen to be important and that activity will be directed towards their achievement .

When planning objectives , the chart in Figure 3.3 may provide a useful flowchart and checklist to ensure that they meet the criteria outlined above .
when planning objectives , the chart in figure 3.3 may provide a useful flowchart and checklist to [make sure] that they meet the criteria outlined above .

While these activities are fundamental to ensure that the mechanics of the budgetary process work , it is also necessary to consider the management activities which should take place .
while these activities are fundamental to [make sure] that the mechanics of the budgetary process work , it is also necessary to consider the management activities which should take place .

This presupposes detailed definition by customers of their requirements and the development of processes to ensure that those requirements are met .
this presupposes detailed definition by customers of their requirements and the development of processes to [make sure] that those requirements are met .

Providing resources to ensure that targets can be met .
providing resources to [make sure] that targets can be met .

Just as it is necessary to ensure full involvement of members , so the time available has to be used to best advantage .
just as it is necessary to [make sure] full involvement of members , so the time available has to be used to best advantage .

McDonald 's commitment to quality is paramount throughout the production and preparation of all its products , to ensure that customers receive only the highest quality food and beverage .
mcdonald 's commitment to quality is paramount throughout the production and preparation of all its products , to [make sure] that customers receive only the highest quality food and beverage .

They are shaped in uniform sizes to ensure consistency in weight and value and served in a specially seasoned breading .
they are shaped in uniform sizes to [make sure] consistency in weight and value and served in a specially seasoned breading .

Whether it be for the supermarket shelf or McDonald 's , suppliers may add ingredients to ensure that foods maintain their fresh taste and appearance .
whether it be for the supermarket shelf or mcdonald 's , suppliers may add ingredients to [make sure] that foods maintain their fresh taste and appearance .

In Carmina Gadelica ( 1900 ) , Alexander Carmichael notes that ‘ St John 's wort is one of the few plants still cherished by the people to ward away second-sight , enchantment , witchcraft , evil eye , and death , and to ensure peace and plenty in the house , increase and prosperity in the field , and growth and fruition in the field ’ .
in carmina gadelica ( 1900 ) , alexander carmichael notes that ‘ st john 's wort is one of the few plants still cherished by the people to ward away second-sight , enchantment , witchcraft , evil eye , and death , and to [make sure] peace and plenty in the house , increase and prosperity in the field , and growth and fruition in the field ’ .

We will ensure that the barriers to fairness are removed .
we will [make sure] that the barriers to fairness are removed .

We shall , therefore , ensure that our country has the defence capacity , the strength of alliance and the peace-making commitment necessary to safeguard the United Kingdom , to participate in international negotiations for disarmament , to deter aggression and to contribute to constructing a New World Order , now feasible through the strengthened United Nations .
we shall , therefore , [make sure] that our country has the defence capacity , the strength of alliance and the peace-making commitment necessary to safeguard the united kingdom , to participate in international negotiations for disarmament , to deter aggression and to contribute to constructing a new world order , now feasible through the strengthened united nations .

This will benefit the community and ensure that unemployed people are offered a range of employment and training opportunities .
this will benefit the community and [make sure] that unemployed people are offered a range of employment and training opportunities .

Modern government has a strategic role , not to replace the market but to ensure that the market works properly .
modern government has a strategic role , not to replace the market but to [make sure] that the market works properly .

We will restore public control of the National Grid and give it new duties and powers to ensure the long-term security of electricity supplies .
we will restore public control of the national grid and give it new duties and powers to [make sure] the long-term security of electricity supplies .

Our aim is to ensure that anyone who is unemployed for more than six months has a choice of job experience or training .
our aim is to [make sure] that anyone who is unemployed for more than six months has a choice of job experience or training .

We will consider widely to ensure smooth implementation .
we will consider widely to [make sure] smooth implementation .

We will ensure that access to abortion is equally available in every region .
we will [make sure] that access to abortion is equally available in every region .

For instance , we will invest £30 million to ensure that within 12 months , no child has to use an outside lavatory .
for instance , we will invest £30 million to [make sure] that within 12 months , no child has to use an outside lavatory .

If a school is under-performing , the commission , which will be answerable to Parliament , will have the powers to ensure that it is brought up to standard .
if a school is under-performing , the commission , which will be answerable to parliament , will have the powers to [make sure] that it is brought up to standard .

We will modernise the valuation system to ensure that properties are fairly assessed .
we will modernise the valuation system to [make sure] that properties are fairly assessed .

We will also ensure that home-buyers receive proper advice about the potential cost of their mortgages in future years .
we will also [make sure] that home-buyers receive proper advice about the potential cost of their mortgages in future years .

Elected police authorities will use the extra resources available for the war against crime to ensure that more police officers are visible on the beat , backed up by the modern technology which is essential to crime prevention and detection .
elected police authorities will use the extra resources available for the war against crime to [make sure] that more police officers are visible on the beat , backed up by the modern technology which is essential to crime prevention and detection .

Our new Quality Commission , incorporating the work of the Audit Commission , will ensure councils provide high-quality , value-for-money services , with clear avenues for complaint and redress .
our new quality commission , incorporating the work of the audit commission , will [make sure] councils provide high-quality , value-for-money services , with clear avenues for complaint and redress .

Councillors must get proper support , to ensure that they are drawn from all parts of the community and are not financially disadvantaged .
councillors must get proper support , to [make sure] that they are drawn from all parts of the community and are not financially disadvantaged .

We will stop the wanton sale of school playing fields and ensure that sport takes its proper place within the curriculum .
we will stop the wanton sale of school playing fields and [make sure] that sport takes its proper place within the curriculum .

We will strengthen the regulation of the utilities , enforce standards through our Consumer Protection Commission , and ensure prices are cut or other action taken where profits are excessive so that the customer gets a fair deal .
we will strengthen the regulation of the utilities , enforce standards through our consumer protection commission , and [make sure] prices are cut or other action taken where profits are excessive so that the customer gets a fair deal .

The greatest challenge we face is the responsibility to ensure the survival of the planet .
the greatest challenge we face is the responsibility to [make sure] the survival of the planet .

We will establish a new legal right to a clean environment , ensure environmental freedom of information , implement European environmental standards such as Environmental Impact Assessment and promote a European Environmental Charter .
we will establish a new legal right to a clean environment , [make sure] environmental freedom of information , implement european environmental standards such as environmental impact assessment and promote a european environmental charter .

We will ensure that our drinking water , beaches and rivers meet the highest European standards and end the dumping of industrial waste at sea .
we will [make sure] that our drinking water , beaches and rivers meet the highest european standards and end the dumping of industrial waste at sea .

Labour 's independent Food Standards Agency will ensure high food quality standards .
labour 's independent food standards agency will [make sure] high food quality standards .

We will ban the testing of beauty aids on animals , outlaw fur farming and ensure better treatment of farm animals and animals in transit .
we will ban the testing of beauty aids on animals , outlaw fur farming and [make sure] better treatment of farm animals and animals in transit .

Stronger sex and race discrimination laws will ensure that organisations awarded government contracts take positive steps to promote equal treatment .
stronger sex and race discrimination laws will [make sure] that organisations awarded government contracts take positive steps to promote equal treatment .

She will ensure that women 's voices are heard at the highest level .
she will [make sure] that women 's voices are heard at the highest level .

We are determined to ensure that women and men from ethnic minority groups are full and equal members of the community .
we are determined to [make sure] that women and men from ethnic minority groups are full and equal members of the community .

We will not tolerate the present level of racial harassment and attacks , and will ensure that more effective protection is given to vulnerable groups .
we will not tolerate the present level of racial harassment and attacks , and will [make sure] that more effective protection is given to vulnerable groups .

The agency will ensure that resources made available by reductions in defence spending — reductions already planned by the Conservative government — are used in the first instance for rebuilding and investing in our manufacturing base .
the agency will [make sure] that resources made available by reductions in defence spending — reductions already planned by the conservative government — are used in the first instance for rebuilding and investing in our manufacturing base .

We will also use our presidency to help ensure that poorer countries are not disadvantaged as a result of the Single Market .
we will also use our presidency to help [make sure] that poorer countries are not disadvantaged as a result of the single market .

Various modern human activities ensure , however , that many ecosystems are assaulted with more nutrient than they can properly deal with .
various modern human activities [make sure] , however , that many ecosystems are assaulted with more nutrient than they can properly deal with .

Conscious that , if this buying-out aspect of the report was to be approved by the Committee the Club would , in losing its bondholders , also lose the long-term continuity and stability on its Committee previously created by their existence , Robert Naish 's Sub-Committee incorporated a contentious recommendation ( in which it fervently believed ) so as to ensure a measure of long-term Committee continuity .
conscious that , if this buying-out aspect of the report was to be approved by the committee the club would , in losing its bondholders , also lose the long-term continuity and stability on its committee previously created by their existence , robert naish 's sub-committee incorporated a contentious recommendation ( in which it fervently believed ) so as to [make sure] a measure of long-term committee continuity .

It is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .
it is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to [make sure] that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .

These responses ensure the maintenance and survival of an individual and its reproduction .
these responses [make sure] the maintenance and survival of an individual and its reproduction .

My interpretation of the functional significance of these grades began by following Lack 's ( 1954 ) view that the primary adaptations of birds , so far as their dispersion was concerned , were to ensure an adequate food supply .
my interpretation of the functional significance of these grades began by following lack 's ( 1954 ) view that the primary adaptations of birds , so far as their dispersion was concerned , were to [make sure] an adequate food supply .

In effect males usually invest more in mating than in rearing but under certain circumstances must assist in rearing to ensure the survival of their offspring .
in effect males usually invest more in mating than in rearing but under certain circumstances must assist in rearing to [make sure] the survival of their offspring .

We will ensure the Forces have the best and most modern equipment .
we will [make sure] the forces have the best and most modern equipment .

Whenever possible , we will ensure that future privatisations offer opportunities to employees to secure a stake in the ownership of their business .
whenever possible , we will [make sure] that future privatisations offer opportunities to employees to secure a stake in the ownership of their business .

We will ensure that unfair terms are excluded and will discourage investment to protect in-house services when better , more cost effective services are available through the private sector .
we will [make sure] that unfair terms are excluded and will discourage investment to protect in-house services when better , more cost effective services are available through the private sector .

We will ensure that competitive tendering is extended to white collar local authority services , such as those offered by lawyers , accountants , architects and surveyors .
we will [make sure] that competitive tendering is extended to white collar local authority services , such as those offered by lawyers , accountants , architects and surveyors .

We will continue to support our science base to maintain the excellence of our science and to ensure that we produce the skilled technical people we need .
we will continue to support our science base to maintain the excellence of our science and to [make sure] that we produce the skilled technical people we need .

We will ensure that regional policy is well targeted .
we will [make sure] that regional policy is well targeted .

We will continue to recognise the special needs of small and medium-sized companies , and to ensure that Government delivers useful services to them .
we will continue to recognise the special needs of small and medium-sized companies , and to [make sure] that government delivers useful services to them .

We introduced the 1990 Food Safety Act to ensure the highest standards of food hygiene .
we introduced the 1990 food safety act to [make sure] the highest standards of food hygiene .

We will ensure that guarantees mean what they say , and that manufacturers or importers share responsibility with the people who sell their goods .
we will [make sure] that guarantees mean what they say , and that manufacturers or importers share responsibility with the people who sell their goods .

We will ensure that inspection reports are published and widely available .
we will [make sure] that inspection reports are published and widely available .

We will review the powers of the Local Government Ombudsman to ensure that findings of maladministration are properly dealt with by all local authorities .
we will review the powers of the local government ombudsman to [make sure] that findings of maladministration are properly dealt with by all local authorities .

We will act to ensure that private firms bidding to improve local authority public services are not obstructed by unscrupulous practices in councils or by unfair constructs .
we will act to [make sure] that private firms bidding to improve local authority public services are not obstructed by unscrupulous practices in councils or by unfair constructs .

We will act to ensure that the inspectorates of police , fire , probation , and social services , together with any new inspectorates that are established , will be truly independent of the service which they inspect .
we will act to [make sure] that the inspectorates of police , fire , probation , and social services , together with any new inspectorates that are established , will be truly independent of the service which they inspect .

We will ensure that the reports from these systematic regular inspections are published .
we will [make sure] that the reports from these systematic regular inspections are published .

We will set performance targets for the Post Office and ensure they are published in all offices , together with results achieved .
we will set performance targets for the post office and [make sure] they are published in all offices , together with results achieved .

We will ensure there is effective redress for customers where services fail .
we will [make sure] there is effective redress for customers where services fail .

We want to ensure that the drive to save money , to reduce bureaucracy and raise quality is powerfully led from the centre of government .
we want to [make sure] that the drive to save money , to reduce bureaucracy and raise quality is powerfully led from the centre of government .

We are determined to ensure that women in the work-force realise their full potential .
we are determined to [make sure] that women in the work-force realise their full potential .

We will ensure that the partnership between the state and the churches in education is maintained and strengthened .
we will [make sure] that the partnership between the state and the churches in education is maintained and strengthened .

We also value our school sixth forms , and will ensure they retain their place in the new system .
we also value our school sixth forms , and will [make sure] they retain their place in the new system .

We are putting in place new mechanisms to ensure that academic standards are maintained in higher education .
we are putting in place new mechanisms to [make sure] that academic standards are maintained in higher education .

The tax relief we have introduced on training fees is constructed to ensure that non-tax payers — who include many married women — will be able to benefit , too .
the tax relief we have introduced on training fees is constructed to [make sure] that non-tax payers — who include many married women — will be able to benefit , too .

We will ensure that all parts of government adopt a strategic approach to the employment and development of women staff .
we will [make sure] that all parts of government adopt a strategic approach to the employment and development of women staff .

We must continue to ensure that the sentence fits the crime — with long sentences for dangerous criminals , and fines and a tougher regime for punishment outside prison available as an alternative for less serious crime .
we must continue to [make sure] that the sentence fits the crime — with long sentences for dangerous criminals , and fines and a tougher regime for punishment outside prison available as an alternative for less serious crime .

We are determined to ensure that these services are delivered efficiently , in a way which provides the best value for money .
we are determined to [make sure] that these services are delivered efficiently , in a way which provides the best value for money .

The Home Office invests £129 million in grants designed to encourage those running public services to ensure that people from ethnic minorities can enjoy the full range of public services — such as health , housing and social services .
the home office invests £129 million in grants designed to encourage those running public services to [make sure] that people from ethnic minorities can enjoy the full range of public services — such as health , housing and social services .

We will continue to ensure that the full force of the law is used to deal with racial attacks .
we will continue to [make sure] that the full force of the law is used to deal with racial attacks .

We will bring forward proposals to ensure that the control of drug misuse is co-ordinated effectively .
we will bring forward proposals to [make sure] that the control of drug misuse is co-ordinated effectively .

And we will ensure that our controls against drug-trafficking are not weakened by any changes in Europe .
and we will [make sure] that our controls against drug-trafficking are not weakened by any changes in europe .

To ensure that progress on waiting times continues , we intend that from 31 March 1993 , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement , or a cataract operation .
to [make sure] that progress on waiting times continues , we intend that from 31 march 1993 , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement , or a cataract operation .

We will ensure that comparative information about the health standards achieved by health authorities is available to the public .
we will [make sure] that comparative information about the health standards achieved by health authorities is available to the public .

We will take steps to ensure that individuals who need residential or nursing care continue to have a choice of homes , including independent homes .
we will take steps to [make sure] that individuals who need residential or nursing care continue to have a choice of homes , including independent homes .

We will ensure that all local authorities publish information about the social services that are available , including information on standards and complaints procedures .
we will [make sure] that all local authorities publish information about the social services that are available , including information on standards and complaints procedures .

The Act requires childcare facilities to be registered to ensure that standards are maintained throughout the country .
the act requires childcare facilities to be registered to [make sure] that standards are maintained throughout the country .

We will ensure that the standards implemented through the Children Act are applied sensibly , and do not discourage private or voluntary arrangements which are often best suited to the needs of children and parents .
we will [make sure] that the standards implemented through the children act are applied sensibly , and do not discourage private or voluntary arrangements which are often best suited to the needs of children and parents .

The new Charities legislation will ensure that charities are better managed and properly regulated .
the new charities legislation will [make sure] that charities are better managed and properly regulated .

We have banned the use of veal crates , and taken action to ensure humane slaughter .
we have banned the use of veal crates , and taken action to [make sure] humane slaughter .

We will continue ‘ Right to Buy ’ discounts , and ensure that local authorities respond reasonably and rapidly to applications .
we will continue ‘ right to buy ’ discounts , and [make sure] that local authorities respond reasonably and rapidly to applications .

The Railway Inspectorate will be given full powers to ensure the highest standards of safety .
the railway inspectorate will be given full powers to [make sure] the highest standards of safety .

We will ensure that the recommendations of the Government-Industry Joint Working Party are put into effect as rapidly as possible .
we will [make sure] that the recommendations of the government-industry joint working party are put into effect as rapidly as possible .

We will publish test results , exam results and truancy rates and ensure that there is regular independent inspection .
we will publish test results , exam results and truancy rates and [make sure] that there is regular independent inspection .

We will ensure that more schools , especially in the inner cities , have the opportunity to develop their technological expertise .
we will [make sure] that more schools , especially in the inner cities , have the opportunity to develop their technological expertise .

We have set up , for the first time , powerful co-ordinating machinery within Whitehall to ensure that environmental considerations are given due weight in all decision-making .
we have set up , for the first time , powerful co-ordinating machinery within whitehall to [make sure] that environmental considerations are given due weight in all decision-making .

We will provide £55 million towards the preparation of the site and key facilities in the first stage of the bid , and we will ensure that the project , whether successful or not , contributes to the effective regeneration of East Manchester .
we will provide £55 million towards the preparation of the site and key facilities in the first stage of the bid , and we will [make sure] that the project , whether successful or not , contributes to the effective regeneration of east manchester .

We will encourage councils to ensure that new developments are in character with the past ; to maintain buildings of importance to the character of towns and cities ; to limit unnecessary street furniture and signs ; and to plant trees and preserve historic patterns and open spaces .
we will encourage councils to [make sure] that new developments are in character with the past ; to maintain buildings of importance to the character of towns and cities ; to limit unnecessary street furniture and signs ; and to plant trees and preserve historic patterns and open spaces .

We will respond to the proposals of the Howie Committee to ensure that upper secondary education matches the best in Europe .
we will respond to the proposals of the howie committee to [make sure] that upper secondary education matches the best in europe .

We will go further , and will create a Scottish Environmental Protection Agency to bring together powers to ensure the quality of our air , rivers and bathing waters .
we will go further , and will create a scottish environmental protection agency to bring together powers to [make sure] the quality of our air , rivers and bathing waters .

We will ensure a full role for Community Councils under these arrangements .
we will [make sure] a full role for community councils under these arrangements .

We will always give the security forces our full backing within the rule of the law , and — against Labour opposition — ensure that they have the special powers they need to protect the whole community from violence .
we will always give the security forces our full backing within the rule of the law , and — against labour opposition — [make sure] that they have the special powers they need to protect the whole community from violence .

Rake out any loose material and ensure area is dust-free
rake out any loose material and [make sure] area is dust-free

Further coats can be applied by brush or roller , allowing each to dry before a further coat is applied . Then a light sanding between coats , and a dust , will ensure a really good finish
further coats can be applied by brush or roller , allowing each to dry before a further coat is applied . then a light sanding between coats , and a dust , will [make sure] a really good finish

Adjust the door up or down to ensure equal clearance between door and frame .
adjust the door up or down to [make sure] equal clearance between door and frame .

Ensure that no masonry falls down into the cavity , where it could interfere with the wall ties .
[make sure] that no masonry falls down into the cavity , where it could interfere with the wall ties .

This will ensure the easy removal of these appliances should servicing be necessary .
this will [make sure] the easy removal of these appliances should servicing be necessary .

Ensure the floor is clean , dry and level . The carpet tiles can be laid over ceramic or stone tile floors
[make sure] the floor is clean , dry and level . the carpet tiles can be laid over ceramic or stone tile floors

Working out from the pyramid shape already laid , use the weight of your body to keep the laid tiles flat . Ensure that each tile is pushed tightly against its neighbour
working out from the pyramid shape already laid , use the weight of your body to keep the laid tiles flat . [make sure] that each tile is pushed tightly against its neighbour

Ensure that when the tile is cut and turned over , the pile direction will be correct when put in place .
[make sure] that when the tile is cut and turned over , the pile direction will be correct when put in place .

Give radiators a periodic check to ensure that no air or gas is trapped
give radiators a periodic check to [make sure] that no air or gas is trapped

There are plenty of books in most libraries explaining building construction and the Buildings Regulations in simple terms , but do ensure that they are not out of date .
there are plenty of books in most libraries explaining building construction and the buildings regulations in simple terms , but do [make sure] that they are not out of date .

The glue should be spread on one surface only and if the material is cold to the touch , it should be gently warmed to ensure a better bond .
the glue should be spread on one surface only and if the material is cold to the touch , it should be gently warmed to [make sure] a better bond .

Once on the platform , the high guard rail and large platform , with special non-slip diamond tread patterns , all combine to ensure comfort and safety .
once on the platform , the high guard rail and large platform , with special non-slip diamond tread patterns , all combine to [make sure] comfort and safety .

The best way to ensure a good sub-surface is with sheets of hardboard nailed to the boards .
the best way to [make sure] a good sub-surface is with sheets of hardboard nailed to the boards .

There are only two adjustments to be made inside : the correct alignment of the handle and pull-rod for smooth operation ; and of the ballvalve , to ensure that the supply is fully closed when the level reaches the water line .
there are only two adjustments to be made inside : the correct alignment of the handle and pull-rod for smooth operation ; and of the ballvalve , to [make sure] that the supply is fully closed when the level reaches the water line .

We 'll be happy to survey your home to ensure that you can pick up the necessary signals … and that you really will be able to enjoy perfect Satellite Television reception .
we 'll be happy to survey your home to [make sure] that you can pick up the necessary signals … and that you really will be able to enjoy perfect satellite television reception .

As new products become available we ensure that you are the first to know about them … and the first to be able to enjoy them .
as new products become available we [make sure] that you are the first to know about them … and the first to be able to enjoy them .

Right now , we are increasing our sampling of supplies in the home to further ensure the quality of your drinking water .
right now , we are increasing our sampling of supplies in the home to further [make sure] the quality of your drinking water .

Naturally , we are going our best to ensure these standards of service are met . We hope that you will never need to make a claim !
naturally , we are going our best to [make sure] these standards of service are met . we hope that you will never need to make a claim !

Addresses have been drawn by statistically random methods and , as you will appreciate , the success of the research depends upon our obtaining the highest possible response rate as only then can we ensure that the sample is truly representative .
addresses have been drawn by statistically random methods and , as you will appreciate , the success of the research depends upon our obtaining the highest possible response rate as only then can we [make sure] that the sample is truly representative .

When you have received an Offer of Mortgage , to enable a bid up to a maximum agreed limit , a further visit to the property should be made near to the date of Auction , to ensure that everything is in order .
when you have received an offer of mortgage , to enable a bid up to a maximum agreed limit , a further visit to the property should be made near to the date of auction , to [make sure] that everything is in order .

Remember , to ensure that you receive your free Great Escapes vouchers , use the special Application Form attached .
remember , to [make sure] that you receive your free great escapes vouchers , use the special application form attached .

the number of shares which may be subscribed for under any overseas scheme shall be limited to the extent necessary to ensure that shares so subscribed , when aggregated with shares subscribed for under the Scheme , the Overseas Scheme and any other overseas scheme similar to the Scheme , will not exceed the limits on the numbers of shares which may be issued under the Scheme .
the number of shares which may be subscribed for under any overseas scheme shall be limited to the extent necessary to [make sure] that shares so subscribed , when aggregated with shares subscribed for under the scheme , the overseas scheme and any other overseas scheme similar to the scheme , will not exceed the limits on the numbers of shares which may be issued under the scheme .

These changes are intended to update the schemes and , in particular , reflect recent developments in the practice relating to such schemes and to ensure conformity between all schemes .
these changes are intended to update the schemes and , in particular , reflect recent developments in the practice relating to such schemes and to [make sure] conformity between all schemes .

The Society is unique in sharing any such surplus with its policyholders by means of a Special Discount which benefits those motor policyholders whose premiums have substantially contributed to the surplus and therefore helps to ensure that the cost of motor insurance is shared more fairly .
the society is unique in sharing any such surplus with its policyholders by means of a special discount which benefits those motor policyholders whose premiums have substantially contributed to the surplus and therefore helps to [make sure] that the cost of motor insurance is shared more fairly .

This opportunity is taken to bring to your notice the vehicle inspection service provided by the Society 's Motor Claims Offices throughout the United Kingdom to ensure that policyholders ' claims receive urgent attention .
this opportunity is taken to bring to your notice the vehicle inspection service provided by the society 's motor claims offices throughout the united kingdom to [make sure] that policyholders ' claims receive urgent attention .

Ensure that it gives full details of prices , cancellation rights , a timetable for the work , any Guarantee which will apply to the work or materials and for what period of time .
[make sure] that it gives full details of prices , cancellation rights , a timetable for the work , any guarantee which will apply to the work or materials and for what period of time .

If you 've undertaken improvements which include replacement of soft furnishings — general decorations it is best to check with your local tax office to ensure you are eligible for relief as by themselves , these items do not normally qualify .
if you 've undertaken improvements which include replacement of soft furnishings — general decorations it is best to check with your local tax office to [make sure] you are eligible for relief as by themselves , these items do not normally qualify .

Quite simply , this will ensure that the loan repayments are protected if you are unable to meet them due to the death , illness or injury of specified members of your business .
quite simply , this will [make sure] that the loan repayments are protected if you are unable to meet them due to the death , illness or injury of specified members of your business .

Quite simply , this will ensure that the loan is repaid if you are unable to meet repayments due to death , illness or injury .
quite simply , this will [make sure] that the loan is repaid if you are unable to meet repayments due to death , illness or injury .

But many jobs require very specific education or training and it may be necessary to take careful steps to ensure that the right people apply .
but many jobs require very specific education or training and it may be necessary to take careful steps to [make sure] that the right people apply .

They allow you to assess the suitability of candidates and also to ensure that the latter have sufficient information on which to base their own decision .
they allow you to assess the suitability of candidates and also to [make sure] that the latter have sufficient information on which to base their own decision .

Ensure that the physical setting was comfortable and likely to create a good impression ?
[make sure] that the physical setting was comfortable and likely to create a good impression ?

Ensure that the candidate got a fair deal and left feeling that he had done himself justice ?
[make sure] that the candidate got a fair deal and left feeling that he had done himself justice ?

Managers perform appraisals when they monitor day to day operations , ensure that tasks are completed and help individuals to work better .
managers perform appraisals when they monitor day to day operations , [make sure] that tasks are completed and help individuals to work better .

ensure that the subordinate really understands the purpose of the appraisal .
[make sure] that the subordinate really understands the purpose of the appraisal .

Here your role is to ensure that any plan has been developed in enough detail to satisfy you as manager that it is workable .
here your role is to [make sure] that any plan has been developed in enough detail to satisfy you as manager that it is workable .

Your job is to help your subordinate understand why certain objectives must be achieved and to ensure that the work of the subordinate is within his knowledge and ability .
your job is to help your subordinate understand why certain objectives must be achieved and to [make sure] that the work of the subordinate is within his knowledge and ability .

monitoring to ensure implementation .
monitoring to [make sure] implementation .

monitor the agreement to ensure that it is implemented in the way that was intended .
monitor the agreement to [make sure] that it is implemented in the way that was intended .

It is worth checking carefully to ensure that the links links are strong ones .
it is worth checking carefully to [make sure] that the links links are strong ones .

If you are hoping that your proposals will be adopted by senior management you will need to ensure that your report anticipates their possible reactions . Based on research here are some basic guidelines :
if you are hoping that your proposals will be adopted by senior management you will need to [make sure] that your report anticipates their possible reactions . based on research here are some basic guidelines :

ensure all proposals are easily understood
[make sure] all proposals are easily understood

ensure that all telephone messages reach you on proper telephone message pads and ensure that your message takers are trained
[make sure] that all telephone messages reach you on proper telephone message pads and [make sure] that your message takers are trained

But your job is not to deter people from having meetings , merely to ensure that the necessary ones are fully productive .
but your job is not to deter people from having meetings , merely to [make sure] that the necessary ones are fully productive .

ensure that all items reach the agenda maker at least half way between one meeting and the next
[make sure] that all items reach the agenda maker at least half way between one meeting and the next

When you hand over some of your power you also ensure that , from the recipient 's point of view , their job is enlarged in new or exciting ways .
when you hand over some of your power you also [make sure] that , from the recipient 's point of view , their job is enlarged in new or exciting ways .

Also , you must ensure that there is sufficient time and resources for them to have a reasonable likelihood of success .
also , you must [make sure] that there is sufficient time and resources for them to have a reasonable likelihood of success .

Similarly , if you have junior managers reporting to you , ensure that they have a similar debate with their staff and follow this through to see that action occurs on the suggestions .
similarly , if you have junior managers reporting to you , [make sure] that they have a similar debate with their staff and follow this through to see that action occurs on the suggestions .

it is your duty as a manager to ensure that your group understands your message by , if necessary , discussing the message until it is understood . Trade unions do not have the exclusive right to such face to face information sessions with employees
it is your duty as a manager to [make sure] that your group understands your message by , if necessary , discussing the message until it is understood . trade unions do not have the exclusive right to such face to face information sessions with employees

Based on it management then devises a variety of systems to ensure that , from the employee 's standpoint , the top brass ‘ puts its money where its mouth is .
based on it management then devises a variety of systems to [make sure] that , from the employee 's standpoint , the top brass ‘ puts its money where its mouth is .

The overriding objective of the Abbey National Board is to ensure that the Society can continue to meet the present and future requirements of its Members .
the overriding objective of the abbey national board is to [make sure] that the society can continue to meet the present and future requirements of its members .

Our plans for the future are to ensure this strength is preserved and that we are fully equipped to meet changing conditions .
our plans for the future are to [make sure] this strength is preserved and that we are fully equipped to meet changing conditions .

We need to ensure an ample and steady flow of mortgage funds at competitive rates as a principal service to our borrowers
we need to [make sure] an ample and steady flow of mortgage funds at competitive rates as a principal service to our borrowers

Your Board has also , of course , looked very hard at how it would ensure we maintain the present secure and friendly image of Abbey National .
your board has also , of course , looked very hard at how it would [make sure] we maintain the present secure and friendly image of abbey national .

But first let us examine the facts and then ensure that we are looking after our physical selves as well as possible .
but first let us examine the facts and then [make sure] that we are looking after our physical selves as well as possible .

Should you experience any of the symptoms over a prolonged period of time , it is always advisable to have a check-up to ensure that you do not have a condition which requires professional help .
should you experience any of the symptoms over a prolonged period of time , it is always advisable to have a check-up to [make sure] that you do not have a condition which requires professional help .

Pause for a few moments before repeating the process to ensure that you are as relaxed as possible .
pause for a few moments before repeating the process to [make sure] that you are as relaxed as possible .

Ensure that you have some physical exercise during the day — although not just before going to bed or your heart/pulse rate will increase and you will find sleeping even more difficult .
[make sure] that you have some physical exercise during the day — although not just before going to bed or your heart/pulse rate will increase and you will find sleeping even more difficult .

Close your eyes and ensure that your breathing is slow and rhythmic .
close your eyes and [make sure] that your breathing is slow and rhythmic .

From country cottage to grand hotel — all displaying the signs are inspected by the English Tourist Board each year to ensure what they claim is what you 'll find .
from country cottage to grand hotel — all displaying the signs are inspected by the english tourist board each year to [make sure] what they claim is what you 'll find .

This extraordinary man , explorer , farmer , writer and mystic , taught Charles to seek the depth and strength within himself , to use the experience of Mountbatten 's death , to use the suffering and learn from it : to grow in the spiritual sense ; and above all , to ensure that his great-uncle had not died in vain .
this extraordinary man , explorer , farmer , writer and mystic , taught charles to seek the depth and strength within himself , to use the experience of mountbatten 's death , to use the suffering and learn from it : to grow in the spiritual sense ; and above all , to [make sure] that his great-uncle had not died in vain .

They had been told by Earl Spencer that there were sadly insufficient tickets for him to invite them , but Diana used her own allocation to ensure they were there .
they had been told by earl spencer that there were sadly insufficient tickets for him to invite them , but diana used her own allocation to [make sure] they were there .

Modern farmers now endeavour to dominate nature by using chemicals that ensure growth .
modern farmers now endeavour to dominate nature by using chemicals that [make sure] growth .

The fire officer inspected the set at about 6 o'clock on the evening of the performance , as fire officers normally do , to put a flame to the scenery to ensure it is properly fire-proofed .
the fire officer inspected the set at about 6 o'clock on the evening of the performance , as fire officers normally do , to put a flame to the scenery to [make sure] it is properly fire-proofed .

Elaborate arrangements are made everywhere she goes , with split-second timing , to ensure that there are no embarrassing hold-ups .
elaborate arrangements are made everywhere she goes , with split-second timing , to [make sure] that there are no embarrassing hold-ups .

He called on the Government to ensure that no more contaminated meat or milk is allowed to enter the food chain and demanded that all test results be published .
he called on the government to [make sure] that no more contaminated meat or milk is allowed to enter the food chain and demanded that all test results be published .

The force 's immediate task is to ensure free elections in Nicaragua , and the Nicaraguan delegates said they expected to play ‘ a very positive role ’ .
the force 's immediate task is to [make sure] free elections in nicaragua , and the nicaraguan delegates said they expected to play ‘ a very positive role ’ .

Butter an ovenproof dish — a very shallow dish to ensure the apples cook evenly and to allow for a good ratio of topping to filling .
butter an ovenproof dish — a very shallow dish to [make sure] the apples cook evenly and to allow for a good ratio of topping to filling .

The potential political and economic gains ensure that the impetus towards a currency union in Europe is likely to prove much stronger today than it did in the turbulent Seventies .
the potential political and economic gains [make sure] that the impetus towards a currency union in europe is likely to prove much stronger today than it did in the turbulent seventies .

Their wellbeing is in our hands , so it 's our job to ensure they leave feeling uplifted .
their wellbeing is in our hands , so it 's our job to [make sure] they leave feeling uplifted .

Another 23 % did not make duty periods overlap to ensure continuous monitoring .
another 23 % did not make duty periods overlap to [make sure] continuous monitoring .

Current legislation is embodied in the Health and Safety at Work Act which places a general duty on an employer to ‘ conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , as far as is practicable , that persons not in his employment who may be affected thereby , are not exposed to risks to their health and safety . ’
current legislation is embodied in the health and safety at work act which places a general duty on an employer to ‘ conduct his undertaking in such a way as to [make sure] , as far as is practicable , that persons not in his employment who may be affected thereby , are not exposed to risks to their health and safety . ’

Surrounded by potential weapons , an inmate has to be given the all-clear by the prison 's hard labour board to ensure potentially dangerous prisoners do not work in the kitchen .
surrounded by potential weapons , an inmate has to be given the all-clear by the prison 's hard labour board to [make sure] potentially dangerous prisoners do not work in the kitchen .

Only two outsiders are permitted to eat from the kitchen — the governor , who has to sample one meal every day to be able to answer any complaints the following day , and the doctor , who tastes the food two or three times a week to ensure that it is balanced and nutritious .
only two outsiders are permitted to eat from the kitchen — the governor , who has to sample one meal every day to be able to answer any complaints the following day , and the doctor , who tastes the food two or three times a week to [make sure] that it is balanced and nutritious .

Tricon Foodservice Consultants has been brought in to give advice , but the Cassons have had some difficulty in accepting the drastic measures needed to ensure survival .
tricon foodservice consultants has been brought in to give advice , but the cassons have had some difficulty in accepting the drastic measures needed to [make sure] survival .

Other automated items such as baskets and shake alarms ( signalling the moment during cooking when it is necessary to shake the basket so as to ensure even cooking throughout ) are already available as an option on many machines , while some units will even tell you when to change the oil !
other automated items such as baskets and shake alarms ( signalling the moment during cooking when it is necessary to shake the basket so as to [make sure] even cooking throughout ) are already available as an option on many machines , while some units will even tell you when to change the oil !

The box has to be coated in a thin covering of virgin material to ensure that there is a consistent colour for labelling .
the box has to be coated in a thin covering of virgin material to [make sure] that there is a consistent colour for labelling .

The success of the treatment depends very much on the skill and intelligence of the operatives and careful supervision to ensure that attention is given to the full extent of affected areas .
the success of the treatment depends very much on the skill and intelligence of the operatives and careful supervision to [make sure] that attention is given to the full extent of affected areas .

In normal circumstances , these full-height panels would be slid back to ensure a ‘ flow ’ of space up the straight-flight stair from the entrance hall , through the first-floor stair hall and into the dining-room .
in normal circumstances , these full-height panels would be slid back to [make sure] a ‘ flow ’ of space up the straight-flight stair from the entrance hall , through the first-floor stair hall and into the dining-room .

Outside , equal care has been taken to ensure a picturesque setting for the restored building by removing most of the jungly vegetation which formerly swathed the canal banks , dredging the canal and regrading the banks so that guests are greeted with a pleasant prospect from the ground floor lounge and the ‘ wharfside ’ location of the building is appreciated ( Plate 52 ) .
outside , equal care has been taken to [make sure] a picturesque setting for the restored building by removing most of the jungly vegetation which formerly swathed the canal banks , dredging the canal and regrading the banks so that guests are greeted with a pleasant prospect from the ground floor lounge and the ‘ wharfside ’ location of the building is appreciated ( plate 52 ) .

At 0810 he gathered his staff around him for the daily conference to discuss the day ahead , before taking the morning parade of those attending various courses at the school , to ensure that everyone had turned up for work .
at 0810 he gathered his staff around him for the daily conference to discuss the day ahead , before taking the morning parade of those attending various courses at the school , to [make sure] that everyone had turned up for work .

Joined by the Master Chef , Warrant Officer Bill McSeveny , he toured the hospital wards to talk to the patients and staff to ensure that his customers were content and that all their respective dietary requirements were being met .
joined by the master chef , warrant officer bill mcseveny , he toured the hospital wards to talk to the patients and staff to [make sure] that his customers were content and that all their respective dietary requirements were being met .

Spit and polish and the mindless regime of kit preparation have never been guiding principles in the Light Division ; nonetheless , each recruit takes a pride in his appearance and is at pains to ensure that his turnout is of the highest standard .
spit and polish and the mindless regime of kit preparation have never been guiding principles in the light division ; nonetheless , each recruit takes a pride in his appearance and is at pains to [make sure] that his turnout is of the highest standard .

It is the job of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers to ensure that this happens .
it is the job of the royal electrical and mechanical engineers to [make sure] that this happens .

The justices held Mrs Bujok was not required to ensure that the council were aware of the defective state of the property prior to laying the information .
the justices held mrs bujok was not required to [make sure] that the council were aware of the defective state of the property prior to laying the information .

The market for British films was not sufficiently large to justify mass production of films at budgets high enough to ensure they reached real quality , and executives at Stoll did n't understand the difference between good stories and good cinema .
the market for british films was not sufficiently large to justify mass production of films at budgets high enough to [make sure] they reached real quality , and executives at stoll did n't understand the difference between good stories and good cinema .

Through the successive phases of his career — at Gainsborough , Gaumont-British and then at his own Ealing Studios — he was to show that his talent lay in finding the most talented people available , giving them the best context to work in , inspiring and stimulating their efforts and intervening where necessary to ensure that the best possible film came out of the production process .
through the successive phases of his career — at gainsborough , gaumont-british and then at his own ealing studios — he was to show that his talent lay in finding the most talented people available , giving them the best context to work in , inspiring and stimulating their efforts and intervening where necessary to [make sure] that the best possible film came out of the production process .

In order to ensure that every department at the studio was of the best , he set up training schemes for new entrants to the industry .
in order to [make sure] that every department at the studio was of the best , he set up training schemes for new entrants to the industry .

Rank 's argument that he needed the studios , the cinemas and the distribution network if he was to ensure that his films performed in foreign markets was , therefore , one that relevant officials were predisposed to accept .
rank 's argument that he needed the studios , the cinemas and the distribution network if he was to [make sure] that his films performed in foreign markets was , therefore , one that relevant officials were predisposed to accept .

Independent Producers may not have been a particularly well-managed production outfit but the filmmakers had developed sufficient self-discipline to ensure that , while the films might become increasingly expensive , they were always tightly constructed and realized the potential in their subject matter .
independent producers may not have been a particularly well-managed production outfit but the filmmakers had developed sufficient self-discipline to [make sure] that , while the films might become increasingly expensive , they were always tightly constructed and realized the potential in their subject matter .

But if Rank controlled the source of the more creative ideas , his company did n't have the management necessary to ensure the continuance of his production policy .
but if rank controlled the source of the more creative ideas , his company did n't have the management necessary to [make sure] the continuance of his production policy .

They poured money into British films without doing anything to ensure the production boom they started would develop roots .
they poured money into british films without doing anything to [make sure] the production boom they started would develop roots .

Gen Aoun rejected the Arab peace pact for failing to ensure a clear , rapid timetable for the withdrawal of Syria 's 33,000 troops from Lebanon .
gen aoun rejected the arab peace pact for failing to [make sure] a clear , rapid timetable for the withdrawal of syria 's 33,000 troops from lebanon .

Try using a smaller amount , massaging it between your fingers before applying hair to ensure that it 's evenly distributed .
try using a smaller amount , massaging it between your fingers before applying hair to [make sure] that it 's evenly distributed .

This will ensure that they do n't sink to the bottom during cooking .
this will [make sure] that they do n't sink to the bottom during cooking .

This should ensure it rides more comfortably than its Japanese rivals on the road .
this should [make sure] it rides more comfortably than its japanese rivals on the road .

This makes sound political sense given that Environment Secretary Chris Patten is desperate to ensure an easy transition of water from public to private sector .
this makes sound political sense given that environment secretary chris patten is desperate to [make sure] an easy transition of water from public to private sector .

Current policy is intended to repay the national debt and also to ensure that long-term interest rates stay below short-term rates , in order to encourage the development of a corporate bond market and provide industry with lower borrowing costs .
current policy is intended to repay the national debt and also to [make sure] that long-term interest rates stay below short-term rates , in order to encourage the development of a corporate bond market and provide industry with lower borrowing costs .

Later this year we will be publishing a more comprehensive paper on this topic outlining what we feel needs to be done to ensure the integrity of official statistics , but in general we believe that there are three principles : 1 .
later this year we will be publishing a more comprehensive paper on this topic outlining what we feel needs to be done to [make sure] the integrity of official statistics , but in general we believe that there are three principles : 1 .

As the educators of a larger student body , we should expect to ensure that arts graduates are numerate , scientists literate , and both fluent in a foreign language .
as the educators of a larger student body , we should expect to [make sure] that arts graduates are numerate , scientists literate , and both fluent in a foreign language .

Moreover , discreet intervention by the Bank of England helped to ensure that the pound 's losses were slight .
moreover , discreet intervention by the bank of england helped to [make sure] that the pound 's losses were slight .

‘ This new scheme will ensure that , where local authorities spend at a sensible level , no ratepayer or ratepaying couple anywhere in the country will be more than £3 a week worse off when the community charge is introduced , ’ he said .
‘ this new scheme will [make sure] that , where local authorities spend at a sensible level , no ratepayer or ratepaying couple anywhere in the country will be more than £3 a week worse off when the community charge is introduced , ’ he said .

To ensure the successful flotation of all 10 , the Government has attempted to gloss over differences and has reconstructed the authorities financially to make them seem equally attractive .
to [make sure] the successful flotation of all 10 , the government has attempted to gloss over differences and has reconstructed the authorities financially to make them seem equally attractive .

Although in these circumstances the ethnographic method is the best way to obtain trust , it does not ensure it will be won from every respondent in the field .
although in these circumstances the ethnographic method is the best way to obtain trust , it does not [make sure] it will be won from every respondent in the field .

Our research was designed to ensure that the field-worker was also around a great deal and was stubborn in exploiting the naturally occurring situations of privacy , where natural conversation is inevitable because it is interactionally difficult to abstain from it , such as in the back of vehicles , in the sanger while on guard duty , relaxing in many of the recreational rooms , or off duty .
our research was designed to [make sure] that the field-worker was also around a great deal and was stubborn in exploiting the naturally occurring situations of privacy , where natural conversation is inevitable because it is interactionally difficult to abstain from it , such as in the back of vehicles , in the sanger while on guard duty , relaxing in many of the recreational rooms , or off duty .

But , as a general principle , Northern Ireland 's social divisions ensure that police management prefer neighbourhood police to be on the street , as is their purpose , and in practice about three-quarters of the normal shift is taken up with beat duty , which is much higher than in Great Britain .
but , as a general principle , northern ireland 's social divisions [make sure] that police management prefer neighbourhood police to be on the street , as is their purpose , and in practice about three-quarters of the normal shift is taken up with beat duty , which is much higher than in great britain .

After the election for the chief whip , Labour MPs will vote for the restyled Shadow Cabinet , the elections for which are being weighted to ensure a minimum representation of three women .
after the election for the chief whip , labour mps will vote for the restyled shadow cabinet , the elections for which are being weighted to [make sure] a minimum representation of three women .

Punishment in the community would not ease prison overcrowding , he said , unless some form of sentencing restrictions were introduced to ensure courts did not impose jail sentences for minor offences and infringements of parole or bail restrictions .
punishment in the community would not ease prison overcrowding , he said , unless some form of sentencing restrictions were introduced to [make sure] courts did not impose jail sentences for minor offences and infringements of parole or bail restrictions .

The tax incentives behind housing , the fact that house price increases have made people feel that property is a ‘ sure bet ’ and the lack of a rented sector , however , have combined to ensure that property has out-performed many other sorts of investment .
the tax incentives behind housing , the fact that house price increases have made people feel that property is a ‘ sure bet ’ and the lack of a rented sector , however , have combined to [make sure] that property has out-performed many other sorts of investment .

At Brighton a month ago we watched Paddy Ashdown keep a tight enough grip on his party to ensure that it does not slip away into the political undergrowth .
at brighton a month ago we watched paddy ashdown keep a tight enough grip on his party to [make sure] that it does not slip away into the political undergrowth .

They want to see financial pressure applied , to ensure South Africa can not roll over its debt or raise new capital .
they want to see financial pressure applied , to [make sure] south africa can not roll over its debt or raise new capital .

How to ensure a sympathetic reception for a new piece of music ?
how to [make sure] a sympathetic reception for a new piece of music ?

Once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see Section 2 ) .
once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to [make sure] that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see section 2 ) .

The auction houses employ considerable skill to ensure that the best possible prices are obtained for their clients , but all the same , a good eye and a well-stocked memory may still outwit their expertise .
the auction houses employ considerable skill to [make sure] that the best possible prices are obtained for their clients , but all the same , a good eye and a well-stocked memory may still outwit their expertise .

There appears to be no creative public vision which will help the survival of the pub or help ensure a healthy and varied pub stock .
there appears to be no creative public vision which will help the survival of the pub or help [make sure] a healthy and varied pub stock .

It is in our interests as designers in this field to ensure that the ‘ pub tradition ’ that we all hold so dear remains a living tradition .
it is in our interests as designers in this field to [make sure] that the ‘ pub tradition ’ that we all hold so dear remains a living tradition .

Equity is important in that it fights for improvements and fairness in pay and working conditions , and with over 44,000 members competing for probably some 5–7,000 jobs in any given working week , it tries to ensure that the work goes to professionally accredited people , those with training or suitable professional experience .
equity is important in that it fights for improvements and fairness in pay and working conditions , and with over 44,000 members competing for probably some 5–7,000 jobs in any given working week , it tries to [make sure] that the work goes to professionally accredited people , those with training or suitable professional experience .

Since Hubel and Wiesel began publishing their work in the late 1950s , there has been an increasing appreciation of the way in which nervous systems are so structured as to ensure that certain events of special importance to the organism have an increased likelihood of triggering activity in the relevant places .
since hubel and wiesel began publishing their work in the late 1950s , there has been an increasing appreciation of the way in which nervous systems are so structured as to [make sure] that certain events of special importance to the organism have an increased likelihood of triggering activity in the relevant places .

Needs care to ensure that no sperm are spilt after ejaculation coming .
needs care to [make sure] that no sperm are spilt after ejaculation coming .

Much care and restraint necessary from both partners to ensure intercourse does not take place around ovulation .
much care and restraint necessary from both partners to [make sure] intercourse does not take place around ovulation .

Most new work needs approval from building control , to ensure that the work meets necessary standards .
most new work needs approval from building control , to [make sure] that the work meets necessary standards .

Ensure plants are well staked .
[make sure] plants are well staked .

Ensure that they do n't dry out .
[make sure] that they do n't dry out .

Ensure the plants have been grown from certified stock which is free from virus by buying from a reputable supplier .
[make sure] the plants have been grown from certified stock which is free from virus by buying from a reputable supplier .

Ensure the store is frost-free .
[make sure] the store is frost-free .

Plunge power It is essential that bulbs spend a period of time in cool , dark conditions before flowering ( this is known as plunging ) to ensure that a good root system is produced , otherwise stunted growth and deformed flowers can result .
plunge power it is essential that bulbs spend a period of time in cool , dark conditions before flowering ( this is known as plunging ) to [make sure] that a good root system is produced , otherwise stunted growth and deformed flowers can result .

The plants beneath help to ensure the right conditions by covering the soil surface , reducing evaporation and hence keeping it moist and workable .
the plants beneath help to [make sure] the right conditions by covering the soil surface , reducing evaporation and hence keeping it moist and workable .

In theory , you have to ensure that you have at least two trees in flower at the same time so that they can pollinate each other , otherwise you may get no fruit at all .
in theory , you have to [make sure] that you have at least two trees in flower at the same time so that they can pollinate each other , otherwise you may get no fruit at all .

This should be done annually to ensure dense sides , removing up to half the season 's new growth at a time .
this should be done annually to [make sure] dense sides , removing up to half the season 's new growth at a time .

If they do attempt to fly on a windy day , then a check flight should be made to ensure that they remember the hazards and how to avoid them .
if they do attempt to fly on a windy day , then a check flight should be made to [make sure] that they remember the hazards and how to avoid them .

Although perhaps vulnerable to strong winds in this position , in lighter winds it is stable enough to ensure that no tyres are needed .
although perhaps vulnerable to strong winds in this position , in lighter winds it is stable enough to [make sure] that no tyres are needed .

Thus if you go through a drill of vital actions , or check-list each time , you will ensure that you do not forget any item .
thus if you go through a drill of vital actions , or check-list each time , you will [make sure] that you do not forget any item .

If this happens , it is important to move the stick forwards sufficiently to ensure that the glider does not re-stall .
if this happens , it is important to move the stick forwards sufficiently to [make sure] that the glider does not re-stall .

This makes it important to use the airbrakes to ensure that you cross the upwind boundary very low as though you were attempting to land in the first part of the field .
this makes it important to use the airbrakes to [make sure] that you cross the upwind boundary very low as though you were attempting to land in the first part of the field .

The clouds must be sufficiently isolated to ensure that clear air can be found by flying out of the lift .
the clouds must be sufficiently isolated to [make sure] that clear air can be found by flying out of the lift .

Every landing should be made fully held off to ensure a low touch down speed .
every landing should be made fully held off to [make sure] a low touch down speed .

’ One of Lyon 's responsibilities was to ensure that the cantor , who led the singing on behalf of the congregation , was fit for the job .
’ one of lyon 's responsibilities was to [make sure] that the cantor , who led the singing on behalf of the congregation , was fit for the job .

how to ensure that any complaint you make is correctly dealt with .
how to [make sure] that any complaint you make is correctly dealt with .

Ensure that you are well turned out in a clean , white karategi that is free of open tears and rips .
[make sure] that you are well turned out in a clean , white karategi that is free of open tears and rips .

Ensure that your fingernails and toenails are clean and are cut short so that they do n't pose a danger to the opponent .
[make sure] that your fingernails and toenails are clean and are cut short so that they do n't pose a danger to the opponent .

The last two competitors may be called upon to save the day , so always ensure that you keep at least one good finisher in hand .
the last two competitors may be called upon to save the day , so always [make sure] that you keep at least one good finisher in hand .

Ensure your entry arrives at the competition venue in sufficient time to register and weigh-in .
[make sure] your entry arrives at the competition venue in sufficient time to register and weigh-in .

Weight categories ensure that individuals are more closely matched than they are in team events .
weight categories [make sure] that individuals are more closely matched than they are in team events .

Finally , ensure that you bring the required documentation with you .
finally , [make sure] that you bring the required documentation with you .

This length of time is necessary to ensure that adaptive changes occur to the lungs and heart .
this length of time is necessary to [make sure] that adaptive changes occur to the lungs and heart .

Be prepared for this and ensure that you are close at hand with a reverse punch .
be prepared for this and [make sure] that you are close at hand with a reverse punch .

If you can use some limbs well but not others , the alert opponent will soon ensure that you are always being wrong-footed .
if you can use some limbs well but not others , the alert opponent will soon [make sure] that you are always being wrong-footed .

Special flex bars along the ball of the foot allow ease of movement , and abrasive traction zones have been strategically placed to ensure maximum grip .
special flex bars along the ball of the foot allow ease of movement , and abrasive traction zones have been strategically placed to [make sure] maximum grip .

For this to happen , cities will need to discuss and plan their events with television companies in order to ensure maximum mutual benefit .
for this to happen , cities will need to discuss and plan their events with television companies in order to [make sure] maximum mutual benefit .

Amnesty also has its own checks which ensure that all its major reports are passed through several levels of approvals , often up to the Secretary General himself .
amnesty also has its own checks which [make sure] that all its major reports are passed through several levels of approvals , often up to the secretary general himself .

In order to ensure that enough glycogen is present for training , carbohydrates should make up approximately half of your daily diet .
in order to [make sure] that enough glycogen is present for training , carbohydrates should make up approximately half of your daily diet .

This warm-up period will take less than 15 minutes to complete , but will increase cardio-vascular fitness and ensure that the muscles are ready for action .
this warm-up period will take less than 15 minutes to complete , but will increase cardio-vascular fitness and [make sure] that the muscles are ready for action .

Usually career coercion will suffice to ensure that any troublesome thesis stays unpublished and out of the public eye .
usually career coercion will suffice to [make sure] that any troublesome thesis stays unpublished and out of the public eye .

thesis , and although apparently not very controversial , it invoked such extreme measures simply to ensure it remained under wraps .
thesis , and although apparently not very controversial , it invoked such extreme measures simply to [make sure] it remained under wraps .

Any criteria for defining ‘ privileged information ’ , or what the ‘ dangers ’ are in revealing such matters as dispositions ( of manpower ) are so vaguely incorporated as to ensure that few will risk submitting an essay without approval , which might later be assessed as an ‘ improper disclosure ’ .
any criteria for defining ‘ privileged information ’ , or what the ‘ dangers ’ are in revealing such matters as dispositions ( of manpower ) are so vaguely incorporated as to [make sure] that few will risk submitting an essay without approval , which might later be assessed as an ‘ improper disclosure ’ .

Furthermore , as these college-based insiders stress , their essays do not represent police college views or those of the Home Office ; and both Thackrah ( 1985 ) and his publisher , James Tindall , take pains to ensure from the outset that we are aware than any views expressed in the book are ‘ those of individual contributors , and not those of the college , the Home Office , or [ even ] the police service ’ .
furthermore , as these college-based insiders stress , their essays do not represent police college views or those of the home office ; and both thackrah ( 1985 ) and his publisher , james tindall , take pains to [make sure] from the outset that we are aware than any views expressed in the book are ‘ those of individual contributors , and not those of the college , the home office , or [ even ] the police service ’ .

They are then chilled and filtered to remove the remaining yeast and are usually pasteurised as well to ensure that death is complete .
they are then chilled and filtered to remove the remaining yeast and are usually pasteurised as well to [make sure] that death is complete .

Thirty minutes in the fridge will ensure a pleasant cool temperature and encourage the yeast to form a hard ring at the bottom of the bottle that does not rise to the surface when pouring .
thirty minutes in the fridge will [make sure] a pleasant cool temperature and encourage the yeast to form a hard ring at the bottom of the bottle that does not rise to the surface when pouring .

The onus is on the company to ensure that staff are making intelligent decisions on the information that the computer system provides and this comes from in-house training .
the onus is on the company to [make sure] that staff are making intelligent decisions on the information that the computer system provides and this comes from in-house training .

The cleaner should be tested on a few pieces to ensure its suitability .
the cleaner should be tested on a few pieces to [make sure] its suitability .

Ensure that cutlery which has been cleaned using chemicals gets a thorough washing before going back into the dining room .
[make sure] that cutlery which has been cleaned using chemicals gets a thorough washing before going back into the dining room .

The document stated that all food premises must ‘ ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed ’ .
the document stated that all food premises must ‘ [make sure] that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed ’ .

He also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ Food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’
he also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and [make sure] that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’

Regarding training , the document said that food business operators must ensure that food handlers are fully trained or supervised commensurate with their work activity .
regarding training , the document said that food business operators must [make sure] that food handlers are fully trained or supervised commensurate with their work activity .

Set a stop to ensure uniformity .
set a stop to [make sure] uniformity .

You are also asked to keep your church leaders informed of your involvement so that they can ensure you are adequately supported .
you are also asked to keep your church leaders informed of your involvement so that they can [make sure] you are adequately supported .

You can help ensure that the vehicle you buy is not a stolen one by taking a few simple precautions :
you can help [make sure] that the vehicle you buy is not a stolen one by taking a few simple precautions :

Because of the potential seriousness of gonorrhoea or syphilis , if left untreated , nearly all the clinics in the United Kingdom have on their staff contact-tracers whose prime aim is to ensure that all efforts are made to persuade possible contacts of patients with either disease to attend for investigation .
because of the potential seriousness of gonorrhoea or syphilis , if left untreated , nearly all the clinics in the united kingdom have on their staff contact-tracers whose prime aim is to [make sure] that all efforts are made to persuade possible contacts of patients with either disease to attend for investigation .

These guides ensure that divers travelling to these destinations do not miss any of the best dive sites .
these guides [make sure] that divers travelling to these destinations do not miss any of the best dive sites .

Every item of clothing you wear , especially your shoes , should have been tried and tested on long runs to ensure there is no danger of an unsuspected seam causing you to chafe .
every item of clothing you wear , especially your shoes , should have been tried and tested on long runs to [make sure] there is no danger of an unsuspected seam causing you to chafe .

Nobody can ensure faithfulness .
nobody can [make sure] faithfulness .

Challenge tests should always be carried out on stored samples before stability clearance is given , in order to ensure that the product continues to have an effective preservative system .
challenge tests should always be carried out on stored samples before stability clearance is given , in order to [make sure] that the product continues to have an effective preservative system .

Smaller areas of good fattening pasture are to be found in other parts of the country , but before attempting to finish cattle on grass , the smallholder should ensure that the three main conditions — a long growing season , constant subsoil water supply , and good drainage — are met .
smaller areas of good fattening pasture are to be found in other parts of the country , but before attempting to finish cattle on grass , the smallholder should [make sure] that the three main conditions — a long growing season , constant subsoil water supply , and good drainage — are met .

What is more , you must be able to plan your cropping to meet the needs of your animals , your home , and the market , ordering your rotations well ahead to ensure the correct balance .
what is more , you must be able to plan your cropping to meet the needs of your animals , your home , and the market , ordering your rotations well ahead to [make sure] the correct balance .

Full-time training at agricultural colleges , universities , or other specialized establishments can provide a much deeper knowledge of the theory of farming , but you should look very carefully at the syllabus to ensure that it covers subjects germane to practical smallholding before enrolling on a course .
full-time training at agricultural colleges , universities , or other specialized establishments can provide a much deeper knowledge of the theory of farming , but you should look very carefully at the syllabus to [make sure] that it covers subjects germane to practical smallholding before enrolling on a course .

All electric fencing requires regular attention to ensure the system is ‘ alive ’ and not earthed out by wet grass touching the wires .
all electric fencing requires regular attention to [make sure] the system is ‘ alive ’ and not earthed out by wet grass touching the wires .

An alternative source of nitrogen will be required to ensure a rapid buildup of bacteria and the complete breakdown of cellulose .
an alternative source of nitrogen will be required to [make sure] a rapid buildup of bacteria and the complete breakdown of cellulose .

If the soil is acid or lacking in phosphate , lime or basic slag should be applied to ensure a good establishment of clovers .
if the soil is acid or lacking in phosphate , lime or basic slag should be applied to [make sure] a good establishment of clovers .

It follows that no effort should be spared to ensure a bountiful harvest of top-quality hay , even when this may involve a clash with other priorities .
it follows that no effort should be spared to [make sure] a bountiful harvest of top-quality hay , even when this may involve a clash with other priorities .

To grow grain even for home use , one needs fertile land that is ploughable and a growing season long enough to ensure ripening of the crops .
to grow grain even for home use , one needs fertile land that is ploughable and a growing season long enough to [make sure] ripening of the crops .

It is equally important to ensure that all joints and connections between the wires , uprights , and anchorages are properly made and strong enough for the job ( see Figure 13 ) .
it is equally important to [make sure] that all joints and connections between the wires , uprights , and anchorages are properly made and strong enough for the job ( see figure 13 ) .

Thereafter tourism replaced travel , the masses were unleashed upon the Continent , package-tour operators and entrepreneurs got to work to ensure that everywhere from Zagreb to Zanzibar looked , felt , and smelt exactly the same , and the aeroplane turned Atlantic crossings and transworld flights into the merest commuting , as mechanical and regular and unremarkable as catching the 6.10 from Waterloo to Surbiton .
thereafter tourism replaced travel , the masses were unleashed upon the continent , package-tour operators and entrepreneurs got to work to [make sure] that everywhere from zagreb to zanzibar looked , felt , and smelt exactly the same , and the aeroplane turned atlantic crossings and transworld flights into the merest commuting , as mechanical and regular and unremarkable as catching the 6.10 from waterloo to surbiton .

No expense was spared to ensure its thorough adaptation to the purpose in view , and it is undoubtedly one of the handsomest buildings in the city , and a fitting illustration of the enterprise of the road .
no expense was spared to [make sure] its thorough adaptation to the purpose in view , and it is undoubtedly one of the handsomest buildings in the city , and a fitting illustration of the enterprise of the road .

The more radical critics within the party did nevertheless ensure that the reference to three types of school did not appear in the 1944 Act ( or , indeed , the 1943 Bill ) .
the more radical critics within the party did nevertheless [make sure] that the reference to three types of school did not appear in the 1944 act ( or , indeed , the 1943 bill ) .

Degree courses were also to be provided in some Area Colleges , to ensure a fair geographical distribution of opportunities .
degree courses were also to be provided in some area colleges , to [make sure] a fair geographical distribution of opportunities .

Good colour snaps are fine as long as you get the building in focus , take it in sunlight rather than shadow and stand back far enough to ensure the whole building is in the picture .
good colour snaps are fine as long as you get the building in focus , take it in sunlight rather than shadow and stand back far enough to [make sure] the whole building is in the picture .

The problem of course is that , even if the Trusts are given house , contents and land , they need a major endowment to ensure preservation in perpetuity .
the problem of course is that , even if the trusts are given house , contents and land , they need a major endowment to [make sure] preservation in perpetuity .

The Trusts , with their concern for public access and amenity , and increasingly for conservation-conscious farming and forestry , as well as for the protection of wildlife , will ensure that large areas of land are maintained to high standards of conservation .
the trusts , with their concern for public access and amenity , and increasingly for conservation-conscious farming and forestry , as well as for the protection of wildlife , will [make sure] that large areas of land are maintained to high standards of conservation .

The Coal Board had originally purchased the house to ensure its preservation .
the coal board had originally purchased the house to [make sure] its preservation .

In addition he seeks covenants to ensure that surrounding parkland remains as pasture so that the wider country house landscape is assured protection .
in addition he seeks covenants to [make sure] that surrounding parkland remains as pasture so that the wider country house landscape is assured protection .

The overriding need is to ensure these park trees are not merely protected but replanted .
the overriding need is to [make sure] these park trees are not merely protected but replanted .

The first need is to try and ensure that the churchyard is looked after and kept tidy .
the first need is to try and [make sure] that the churchyard is looked after and kept tidy .

The first battle has been to ensure that chapels are listed , the second to secure grants for repairs .
the first battle has been to [make sure] that chapels are listed , the second to secure grants for repairs .

This agreement was reached in the face of major pressure from the Health Authority , the Grosvenor Estate and the developer , to ensure the best return from the site .
this agreement was reached in the face of major pressure from the health authority , the grosvenor estate and the developer , to [make sure] the best return from the site .

In considering shopfronts , the first need is to ensure that existing ones of character are preserved and sympathetically treated .
in considering shopfronts , the first need is to [make sure] that existing ones of character are preserved and sympathetically treated .

They are not only worth preserving in themselves ; a watchful eye needs to be kept to ensure that some other piece of street furniture — say one of the new all-glass telephone boxes — is not crudely juxtaposed beside them .
they are not only worth preserving in themselves ; a watchful eye needs to be kept to [make sure] that some other piece of street furniture — say one of the new all-glass telephone boxes — is not crudely juxtaposed beside them .

The need is not only to retain what is worthwhile of the old , but also to ensure the new is sympathetic .
the need is not only to retain what is worthwhile of the old , but also to [make sure] the new is sympathetic .

Any substantial town or city faced with competition from out of town shopping needs to ensure its historic centre is a pleasant and welcoming place for people to come and shop and browse ; and a lively , colourful market forms a natural focal point .
any substantial town or city faced with competition from out of town shopping needs to [make sure] its historic centre is a pleasant and welcoming place for people to come and shop and browse ; and a lively , colourful market forms a natural focal point .

However , to maintain this amended behaviour pattern , it may be necessary to repeat this training once or twice a week to ensure that it is permanently reinforced .
however , to maintain this amended behaviour pattern , it may be necessary to repeat this training once or twice a week to [make sure] that it is permanently reinforced .

Although Burma is an oil producer , national lassitude and the lack of a desire for ‘ development ’ ensure a leisurely extraction , and petrol is rationed .
although burma is an oil producer , national lassitude and the lack of a desire for ‘ development ’ [make sure] a leisurely extraction , and petrol is rationed .

This system was used before the advent of on-line catalogues to ensure that at least one copy of a book remained in a library system , which was often county-wide and contained many branches .
this system was used before the advent of on-line catalogues to [make sure] that at least one copy of a book remained in a library system , which was often county-wide and contained many branches .

This means that the dust-jackets of later editions , which relied more and more on their design to ensure sale to a mass audience , are not to be found there .
this means that the dust-jackets of later editions , which relied more and more on their design to [make sure] sale to a mass audience , are not to be found there .

The Silence of the Lambs has epigraphs from Donne 's Devotions and the First Book of Corinthians and other allusions which will ensure its place on reading lists , at least in America .
the silence of the lambs has epigraphs from donne 's devotions and the first book of corinthians and other allusions which will [make sure] its place on reading lists , at least in america .

Union leaders should take immediate steps to ensure that no one was ever denied a job because they did not have a union card .
union leaders should take immediate steps to [make sure] that no one was ever denied a job because they did not have a union card .

He came calling for Europe to work towards economic integration to ensure that the democratic hopes of people in the East did not give way to an opposite undertow of disillusion .
he came calling for europe to work towards economic integration to [make sure] that the democratic hopes of people in the east did not give way to an opposite undertow of disillusion .

Opening the debate yesterday , Lord Mackay said the bill 's key aims were to ensure a voice for the users of legal services , and to make sure that decision-takers on legal services were answerable and took their decisions with the benefit of full and considered advice .
opening the debate yesterday , lord mackay said the bill 's key aims were to [make sure] a voice for the users of legal services , and to make sure that decision-takers on legal services were answerable and took their decisions with the benefit of full and considered advice .

The junior fisheries minister , Mr David Curry said : ‘ What we have agreed today is designed to ensure that there still are some fish left in 10 years time . ’
the junior fisheries minister , mr david curry said : ‘ what we have agreed today is designed to [make sure] that there still are some fish left in 10 years time . ’

Tournament officials , though unwilling to say precisely how the appearance money will be distributed , confirmed they expect to pay out £400,000 to ensure a quality 32-man field .
tournament officials , though unwilling to say precisely how the appearance money will be distributed , confirmed they expect to pay out £400,000 to [make sure] a quality 32-man field .

Better a tough general in charge , was their argument , to ensure the stability of the US-Panama relationship , than a weak civilian regime unable to control nationalist hotheads .
better a tough general in charge , was their argument , to [make sure] the stability of the us-panama relationship , than a weak civilian regime unable to control nationalist hotheads .

Cheap high-resolution input and output devices will soon ensure the same kind of revolution in the cinema .
cheap high-resolution input and output devices will soon [make sure] the same kind of revolution in the cinema .

Through our experience and knowledge derived from sales in the area we are able to ensure that you have the greatest chance of selling at the highest figure .
through our experience and knowledge derived from sales in the area we are able to [make sure] that you have the greatest chance of selling at the highest figure .

We are only too aware of the frustrations and annoyance of a sale which collapses and we will do everything in our power to ensure that your sale is completed to your total satisfaction and with a minimum of fuss .
we are only too aware of the frustrations and annoyance of a sale which collapses and we will do everything in our power to [make sure] that your sale is completed to your total satisfaction and with a minimum of fuss .

And the glamorous good looks of the ‘ Chippenham ’ kitchen ensure that it will be equally at home in the town as in the country .
and the glamorous good looks of the ‘ chippenham ’ kitchen [make sure] that it will be equally at home in the town as in the country .

No effort is being spared to ensure that the 1,400 journalists and hundreds of European officials who are expected to invade the capital for the June summit depart with a good impression of Irish hospitality .
no effort is being spared to [make sure] that the 1,400 journalists and hundreds of european officials who are expected to invade the capital for the june summit depart with a good impression of irish hospitality .

And if retailers do indeed start charging less for cash purchases than for those bought on credit cards , ensure that this is precisely what they are doing and not merely surcharging credit card users .
and if retailers do indeed start charging less for cash purchases than for those bought on credit cards , [make sure] that this is precisely what they are doing and not merely surcharging credit card users .

Local authorities , educational establishments and other landowners will have to keep their public land clear of litter , and citizens will be able to apply to the courts for a ‘ litter abatement order ’ to ensure they do so .
local authorities , educational establishments and other landowners will have to keep their public land clear of litter , and citizens will be able to apply to the courts for a ‘ litter abatement order ’ to [make sure] they do so .

In the search for that stability , Britain 's role should be to ensure that the European Community becomes the vehicle with which to channel aid into the East in terms of commitment to training , new technology , transport improvements and preferential commercial arrangements .
in the search for that stability , britain 's role should be to [make sure] that the european community becomes the vehicle with which to channel aid into the east in terms of commitment to training , new technology , transport improvements and preferential commercial arrangements .

Because of this amnesty requirement , Hanoi is insisting that each separate name has to be cleared , to ensure that individuals are not wanted for ordinary offences .
because of this amnesty requirement , hanoi is insisting that each separate name has to be cleared , to [make sure] that individuals are not wanted for ordinary offences .

But Carlisle city planners say the site presents no danger to the river because strict conditions will ensure waste products are handled correctly and they have given the go-ahead to the scheme .
but carlisle city planners say the site presents no danger to the river because strict conditions will [make sure] waste products are handled correctly and they have given the go-ahead to the scheme .

Although these rigs will probably be slightly less successful than the hair they will still be consistent catchers but a little bit more attention needs to be paid to ensure that the bait is correctly mounted .
although these rigs will probably be slightly less successful than the hair they will still be consistent catchers but a little bit more attention needs to be paid to [make sure] that the bait is correctly mounted .

‘ We have also put planks in front of the paddle to ensure it does not happen again . ’
‘ we have also put planks in front of the paddle to [make sure] it does not happen again . ’

As an example , consider the difficulty experienced by overseas companies wishing to begin direct operations in Japan , where applications were vetted by the National Planning Authority to ensure that they fitted the national economic plan of Japan .
as an example , consider the difficulty experienced by overseas companies wishing to begin direct operations in japan , where applications were vetted by the national planning authority to [make sure] that they fitted the national economic plan of japan .

As the Labour dissidents in the Cabinet recognized , they did not have the power — they were a minority in the Cabinet as well as in the Commons — to avoid such a cut ; all that they could do was to ensure that it was not a Labour government which imposed it .
as the labour dissidents in the cabinet recognized , they did not have the power — they were a minority in the cabinet as well as in the commons — to avoid such a cut ; all that they could do was to [make sure] that it was not a labour government which imposed it .

In the existing conditions of financial crisis , it was essential for a government to be formed which could ensure a parliamentary majority in support of the economy measures so that they could pass the Commons .
in the existing conditions of financial crisis , it was essential for a government to be formed which could [make sure] a parliamentary majority in support of the economy measures so that they could pass the commons .

Mountbatten 's post-surrender tasks were first , to ensure that the Japanese were disarmed and repatriated ; second , to rescue the prisoners of war ; and third , to restore law and order and maintain it until civilian authority could be restored . The first two tasks , though hideously difficult , were at least relatively straightforward ; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of Peter Dennis 's book : whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over ?
mountbatten 's post-surrender tasks were first , to [make sure] that the japanese were disarmed and repatriated ; second , to rescue the prisoners of war ; and third , to restore law and order and maintain it until civilian authority could be restored . the first two tasks , though hideously difficult , were at least relatively straightforward ; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of peter dennis 's book : whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over ?

The basic grounding that all new management recruits underwent on joining Cadbury 's helped to ensure that each of them obtained this innate understanding .
the basic grounding that all new management recruits underwent on joining cadbury 's helped to [make sure] that each of them obtained this innate understanding .

Rapid changes in the market place put a great strain on top management to ensure a company is keeping pace and is sufficiently aware of what is happening around the world .
rapid changes in the market place put a great strain on top management to [make sure] a company is keeping pace and is sufficiently aware of what is happening around the world .

It was established in 1945 as the Industrial , Commercial and Financial Corporation to try to ensure that British industry had access to sufficient funds to feed its long-term growth .
it was established in 1945 as the industrial , commercial and financial corporation to try to [make sure] that british industry had access to sufficient funds to feed its long-term growth .

You 've got to ensure that your products are really first class and you have to have first-class people at every level .
you 've got to [make sure] that your products are really first class and you have to have first-class people at every level .

Basically , my objective was to ensure that British Aerospace stayed in business somehow .
basically , my objective was to [make sure] that british aerospace stayed in business somehow .

Nor is Roddick fearful that she will be unable to ensure that the most suitable people are recruited to join The Body Shop as it continues to grow at such a fast pace .
nor is roddick fearful that she will be unable to [make sure] that the most suitable people are recruited to join the body shop as it continues to grow at such a fast pace .

However , tension arose between the need for decentralization in order to ensure more technical efficiency and political fears of too much independence .
however , tension arose between the need for decentralization in order to [make sure] more technical efficiency and political fears of too much independence .

as if to ensure , however , that we can not interpret this work as a declaration of Gironella , s ideas about race and colour in Mexico , there exists another version , almost identical but for the fact that this is a white queen .
as if to [make sure] , however , that we can not interpret this work as a declaration of gironella , s ideas about race and colour in mexico , there exists another version , almost identical but for the fact that this is a white queen .

Obviously , the way you sound is up to you , but it is worth deploying all the resources you have to ensure a decent quality of recording and to present the cassette in an appealing way .
obviously , the way you sound is up to you , but it is worth deploying all the resources you have to [make sure] a decent quality of recording and to present the cassette in an appealing way .

In addition , they decide the quantity of the initial pressing of their artists ' recordings ( for a new artist 's first single this would be around 5,000 ) ; they liaise with the manufacturing plant to ensure further stock is available if it is needed ; and they avoid producing stock which would probably never be sold .
in addition , they decide the quantity of the initial pressing of their artists ' recordings ( for a new artist 's first single this would be around 5,000 ) ; they liaise with the manufacturing plant to [make sure] further stock is available if it is needed ; and they avoid producing stock which would probably never be sold .

The label manager also organizes promotional material like T-shirts , badges , picture discs and special limited edition sleeves ( in the right quantities to ensure maximum effect and minimum waste ) .
the label manager also organizes promotional material like t-shirts , badges , picture discs and special limited edition sleeves ( in the right quantities to [make sure] maximum effect and minimum waste ) .

Along with the press and promotion staff , the marketing department has to ensure that every potential record-buyer is aware of their artists ' work .
along with the press and promotion staff , the marketing department has to [make sure] that every potential record-buyer is aware of their artists ' work .

Although record companies are n't in the business of promoting tours ( see the agent 's article in this book ) , they will lend their support to ensure their artists ' performances are in the right venues .
although record companies are n't in the business of promoting tours ( see the agent 's article in this book ) , they will lend their support to [make sure] their artists ' performances are in the right venues .

They draw up contracts , ensure appropriate legal protection for copyrights , advise on recording and marketing budgets and check that royalty payments to artists and producers are made in a timely and accurate fashion .
they draw up contracts , [make sure] appropriate legal protection for copyrights , advise on recording and marketing budgets and check that royalty payments to artists and producers are made in a timely and accurate fashion .

‘ To ensure that artists are fully aware of all conditions and clauses we will offer a list of music industry lawyers for them to choose from if they need help with the contract .
‘ to [make sure] that artists are fully aware of all conditions and clauses we will offer a list of music industry lawyers for them to choose from if they need help with the contract .

The artist needs to ensure the record company is committed to releasing a certain amount of product each year .
the artist needs to [make sure] the record company is committed to releasing a certain amount of product each year .

As the accountant will , if required , help produce the annual accounts , he or she will want to ensure that adequate .
as the accountant will , if required , help produce the annual accounts , he or she will want to [make sure] that adequate .

If necessary , he or she will advise on the detailed layout of the cash books , and suggest that he or she reviews them occasionally to ensure their adequacy .
if necessary , he or she will advise on the detailed layout of the cash books , and suggest that he or she reviews them occasionally to [make sure] their adequacy .

The accountant will try to ensure that the band have given enough thought to how long this money is likely to last , and how best to use it until the next payment or earnings are due .
the accountant will try to [make sure] that the band have given enough thought to how long this money is likely to last , and how best to use it until the next payment or earnings are due .

These factors suggest that an increase in turnover in the formal sector will ensure a reflected increase in turnover in the informal sector .
these factors suggest that an increase in turnover in the formal sector will [make sure] a reflected increase in turnover in the informal sector .

One measure of the weakness of such enterprise is that it would be extremely difficult to ensure , across such a wide range , the quality control necessary for the export market outside Africa .
one measure of the weakness of such enterprise is that it would be extremely difficult to [make sure] , across such a wide range , the quality control necessary for the export market outside africa .

Such changes may receive support from cabinet ministers and senior civil servants , but may also be accepted not from conviction but from necessity ; nominal support is essential to ensure finance for a minimum quantity of imports .
such changes may receive support from cabinet ministers and senior civil servants , but may also be accepted not from conviction but from necessity ; nominal support is essential to [make sure] finance for a minimum quantity of imports .

It would seek to twist Government 's arm to ensure that appropriate management was bought in .
it would seek to twist government 's arm to [make sure] that appropriate management was bought in .

The difficulties of collecting taxes from millions of small-scale urban and rural producers wilt ensure that revenues continue to be inadequate in relation to the expectation of services such as universal primary and secondary education , health services , and transportation .
the difficulties of collecting taxes from millions of small-scale urban and rural producers wilt [make sure] that revenues continue to be inadequate in relation to the expectation of services such as universal primary and secondary education , health services , and transportation .

Central Council thanks all those Branches and individuals who worked so hard to ensure that the Association 's contribution to this Appeal was so substantial .
central council thanks all those branches and individuals who worked so hard to [make sure] that the association 's contribution to this appeal was so substantial .

Large quantities of frozen food are nowadays delivered regularly to stores and the Service must ensure that the temperature of the stock at the time of delivery is correct before it goes into the cold store .
large quantities of frozen food are nowadays delivered regularly to stores and the service must [make sure] that the temperature of the stock at the time of delivery is correct before it goes into the cold store .

With cemeteries to maintain all over the world it is nor surprising that a variety of arrangements , contracts and agreements have had to be set up to ensure proper care and maintenance . In many far off lands the Commission 's gardeners have no knowledge of the English language , while their supervisors are not fluent in the native tongue ; the result has been , so the Commission reports , that a form of hybrid speech has developed in certain countries that would be incomprehensible to other natives of the country and to ordinary English-speakers , but which is ‘ very eloquent ’ on matters relating to cemetery maintenance !
with cemeteries to maintain all over the world it is nor surprising that a variety of arrangements , contracts and agreements have had to be set up to [make sure] proper care and maintenance . in many far off lands the commission 's gardeners have no knowledge of the english language , while their supervisors are not fluent in the native tongue ; the result has been , so the commission reports , that a form of hybrid speech has developed in certain countries that would be incomprehensible to other natives of the country and to ordinary english-speakers , but which is ‘ very eloquent ’ on matters relating to cemetery maintenance !

Ensure that you are the one to decide what will happen to everything you own .
[make sure] that you are the one to decide what will happen to everything you own .

Many benefactors , especially those remembering lost loved ones , like to leave property , money or other possessions for the benefit of a particular Royal Air Forces Association home , project or fund . We are onluy too pleased to respect such wishes whenever possible , and will gladly advise on the best way of wording a Will to ensure that the bequest is used for
many benefactors , especially those remembering lost loved ones , like to leave property , money or other possessions for the benefit of a particular royal air forces association home , project or fund . we are onluy too pleased to respect such wishes whenever possible , and will gladly advise on the best way of wording a will to [make sure] that the bequest is used for

There 's a generous 21 speed selection to ensure you always find the right gear to suit the terrain .
there 's a generous 21 speed selection to [make sure] you always find the right gear to suit the terrain .

Too small and you 're likely to compress the filling and lose loft , too large and the bellows action of air as you move about in the bag will ensure you never keep a nice layer of still warm air around you , essential to keep you cosy .
too small and you 're likely to compress the filling and lose loft , too large and the bellows action of air as you move about in the bag will [make sure] you never keep a nice layer of still warm air around you , essential to keep you cosy .

Sheer weight of numbers will ensure that the XR4x4 does not follow this trend and will always be available cheaply .
sheer weight of numbers will [make sure] that the xr4x4 does not follow this trend and will always be available cheaply .

My journey should also ensure that the Clio clocks up the miles quickly , helping readers to gauge the French supermini 's durability .
my journey should also [make sure] that the clio clocks up the miles quickly , helping readers to gauge the french supermini 's durability .

Whatever , it eventually became impossible to ensure compliance .
whatever , it eventually became impossible to [make sure] compliance .

So , those who support the Public Service Ideal advocate specific mechanisms designed to ensure that political coverage is wide-ranging , balanced , and impartial , as well as being independent of the state .
so , those who support the public service ideal advocate specific mechanisms designed to [make sure] that political coverage is wide-ranging , balanced , and impartial , as well as being independent of the state .

There is no difference between government coverage and party coverage in this respect except that government has more initiative in determining the news , which means that it has more opportunity than the opposition to ensure that its coverage is favourable .
there is no difference between government coverage and party coverage in this respect except that government has more initiative in determining the news , which means that it has more opportunity than the opposition to [make sure] that its coverage is favourable .

One solution would be to extend regulation to the press to ensure the same kind of impartiality as on television .
one solution would be to extend regulation to the press to [make sure] the same kind of impartiality as on television .

The press would be left to adopt whatever political positions it wished , but television would be required to adjust its coverage to ensure that television plus the press , taken together , were politically balanced .
the press would be left to adopt whatever political positions it wished , but television would be required to adjust its coverage to [make sure] that television plus the press , taken together , were politically balanced .

Marx seems to be answering unnamed conservative critics who would argue that if you do not have private property and the politico-legal framework to ensure its enjoyment you will have chaos ; people would lose all incentive to produce , there would be no law except the law of the strongest , the economy could not be organized , there would be no individual security , murder and theft would be the order of the day .
marx seems to be answering unnamed conservative critics who would argue that if you do not have private property and the politico-legal framework to [make sure] its enjoyment you will have chaos ; people would lose all incentive to produce , there would be no law except the law of the strongest , the economy could not be organized , there would be no individual security , murder and theft would be the order of the day .

Marx argued throughout Capital that although slaves might be more at the mercy of the whims and fancies of their owners than wage workers , it was at least in the interest of the owner to ensure the minimum welfare of his slaves , since they were his property .
marx argued throughout capital that although slaves might be more at the mercy of the whims and fancies of their owners than wage workers , it was at least in the interest of the owner to [make sure] the minimum welfare of his slaves , since they were his property .

But the Muslims , though they despise Syrian rule in Lebanon , need Syria 's presence to ensure that real political reform takes place .
but the muslims , though they despise syrian rule in lebanon , need syria 's presence to [make sure] that real political reform takes place .

And if there is still no president when the current assembly session expires in December 1990 , the very mechanism that is intended to ensure the continuation of the Lebanese state will cease to exist .
and if there is still no president when the current assembly session expires in december 1990 , the very mechanism that is intended to [make sure] the continuation of the lebanese state will cease to exist .

The Government must speedily ensure that the necessary public and private resources are made available to guarantee the investment takes place .
the government must speedily [make sure] that the necessary public and private resources are made available to guarantee the investment takes place .

Police sources said the shooting had the hallmarks of a ‘ professional execution ’ : a light handgun was used that would only ensure death if used at point-blank range .
police sources said the shooting had the hallmarks of a ‘ professional execution ’ : a light handgun was used that would only [make sure] death if used at point-blank range .

For too long the big firms in particular relied on the cosy requirement of a statutory audit to ensure their bread was generously buttered .
for too long the big firms in particular relied on the cosy requirement of a statutory audit to [make sure] their bread was generously buttered .

The rejected text gave the parties until Monday to resolve the dispute , failing which the government would take full powers for the railways in Transcaucasia , and send in the army to guard bridges and tunnels , and ensure the safety of rail workers .
the rejected text gave the parties until monday to resolve the dispute , failing which the government would take full powers for the railways in transcaucasia , and send in the army to guard bridges and tunnels , and [make sure] the safety of rail workers .

Rather than imposing artificial conditions , Serjeant allied Victorian engineering to twentieth-century control systems : he deployed the forces of natural convection , rather than cumbersome , mechanically-powered plant , to ensure a regulated flow of humidified and heated air through the galleries .
rather than imposing artificial conditions , serjeant allied victorian engineering to twentieth-century control systems : he deployed the forces of natural convection , rather than cumbersome , mechanically-powered plant , to [make sure] a regulated flow of humidified and heated air through the galleries .

It was immediately assumed that Robson , who had missed England 's 0-0 draw in Sweden last month because of bruised ribs , would again be absent when his country strove to acquire the further point they need in Poland to ensure qualification for the World Cup finals next summer .
it was immediately assumed that robson , who had missed england 's 0-0 draw in sweden last month because of bruised ribs , would again be absent when his country strove to acquire the further point they need in poland to [make sure] qualification for the world cup finals next summer .

This would help ensure the poorer countries did not repeat the environmental mistakes of the northern hemisphere as they pursued economic development .
this would help [make sure] the poorer countries did not repeat the environmental mistakes of the northern hemisphere as they pursued economic development .

They strongly denied that changes would be used to ensure that women 's organisations were union-dominated .
they strongly denied that changes would be used to [make sure] that women 's organisations were union-dominated .

Mr Justice Roch said the court would start early at 10am and adjourn for 30 minutes at hourly intervals to allow the interpreters to rest and to ensure the defendant had understood the evidence .
mr justice roch said the court would start early at 10am and adjourn for 30 minutes at hourly intervals to allow the interpreters to rest and to [make sure] the defendant had understood the evidence .

For the past decade , the teachers at Gillingham have been working towards something which looks very much like the national curriculum , to ensure a smooth transfer to the new system .
for the past decade , the teachers at gillingham have been working towards something which looks very much like the national curriculum , to [make sure] a smooth transfer to the new system .

It is a golden political rule for Chancellors that they must ensure a pre-election boom and should never waste one post-election .
it is a golden political rule for chancellors that they must [make sure] a pre-election boom and should never waste one post-election .

Sotheby 's have estimated its value at $ 10m- $ 14m , but this may be on the low side to ensure a sale .
sotheby 's have estimated its value at $ 10m- $ 14m , but this may be on the low side to [make sure] a sale .

England require just one more point to ensure their place for the World Cup finals in Italy next summer and Robson said : ‘ Everybody knows the importance of the game .
england require just one more point to [make sure] their place for the world cup finals in italy next summer and robson said : ‘ everybody knows the importance of the game .

One of the tasks for the Solidarity government is to ensure that a revival in the Polish spirit does not preclude an honest appreciation of the nation 's history .
one of the tasks for the solidarity government is to [make sure] that a revival in the polish spirit does not preclude an honest appreciation of the nation 's history .

In theory , market forces ought to ensure that the consumer rejects inferior products and makes them unsellable .
in theory , market forces ought to [make sure] that the consumer rejects inferior products and makes them unsellable .

In addition , because of the commitment to long-term action , the Task Force tried to produce and develop plans for follow-up action throughout the region , and to ensure that the results would be used locally .
in addition , because of the commitment to long-term action , the task force tried to produce and develop plans for follow-up action throughout the region , and to [make sure] that the results would be used locally .

Regional managers for northern , central and southern Europe have also been appointed to ensure that managers look across national boundaries for specialised services if they are needed , giving customers access to a broader scope of expertise .
regional managers for northern , central and southern europe have also been appointed to [make sure] that managers look across national boundaries for specialised services if they are needed , giving customers access to a broader scope of expertise .

As a result of more stringent regulations on atmospheric pollution , new measures had to be taken to ensure the safety of the company 's employees and also of the surrounding environment .
as a result of more stringent regulations on atmospheric pollution , new measures had to be taken to [make sure] the safety of the company 's employees and also of the surrounding environment .

Close attention is given to the safe and hygienic handling of chemicals , and biomonitoring of personnel is done to ensure that the protective systems are working satisfactorily .
close attention is given to the safe and hygienic handling of chemicals , and biomonitoring of personnel is done to [make sure] that the protective systems are working satisfactorily .

Oxford Molecular exists to ensure that the latest research software is made available to them at acceptable prices .
oxford molecular exists to [make sure] that the latest research software is made available to them at acceptable prices .

Addition of oxygen is often required to ensure that its concentration is not limiting ; typically , 3 lb of oxygen is required to degrade 1 lb of organics .
addition of oxygen is often required to [make sure] that its concentration is not limiting ; typically , 3 lb of oxygen is required to degrade 1 lb of organics .

Chapter 2 : The state of the natural environment in the Union Republics and selected regions of the country covers the scientific principles of new techniques and technologies to ensure the ecological safety of national economic complexes and includes the concept of a regional system of ecological safety as applied in the Urals ; trends of change in the natural environment of Siberia and associated ecological studies ; ecological challenges in Byelorussia and scientific solutions , and some pressing ecological problems in the Ukraine .
chapter 2 : the state of the natural environment in the union republics and selected regions of the country covers the scientific principles of new techniques and technologies to [make sure] the ecological safety of national economic complexes and includes the concept of a regional system of ecological safety as applied in the urals ; trends of change in the natural environment of siberia and associated ecological studies ; ecological challenges in byelorussia and scientific solutions , and some pressing ecological problems in the ukraine .

In order to ensure that the Society is operating as efficiently as possible , Council asked the secretary general to arrange for a management review of the efficient working of all areas of the Society .
in order to [make sure] that the society is operating as efficiently as possible , council asked the secretary general to arrange for a management review of the efficient working of all areas of the society .

Once the tenure of the Garden had been guaranteed , measures had to be taken to ensure its successful progress .
once the tenure of the garden had been guaranteed , measures had to be taken to [make sure] its successful progress .

In the countryside a nucleus of full-time tutors is indispensable for the full development of the work ; … We think it desirable that the same type of teacher should be employed in these courses ( One-Year , Terminal and less formal ) as in University Tutorial Classes and that arrangements should be made whereby staff-tutors appointed for extra-mural work by the Universities should be encouraged to devote part of their time to less formal work , not only in the interests of the work , but also in order to provide a variety of occupation for the tutor and to ensure that he keeps in touch with all phases of the adult education movement .
in the countryside a nucleus of full-time tutors is indispensable for the full development of the work ; … we think it desirable that the same type of teacher should be employed in these courses ( one-year , terminal and less formal ) as in university tutorial classes and that arrangements should be made whereby staff-tutors appointed for extra-mural work by the universities should be encouraged to devote part of their time to less formal work , not only in the interests of the work , but also in order to provide a variety of occupation for the tutor and to [make sure] that he keeps in touch with all phases of the adult education movement .

The conference resolved that every effort should be made to retain the services of an outstanding tutor-organiser , the architect and pilot of the rural scheme , to ensure its development on a secure , permanent basis .
the conference resolved that every effort should be made to retain the services of an outstanding tutor-organiser , the architect and pilot of the rural scheme , to [make sure] its development on a secure , permanent basis .

We were in no position to ensure any security for Pateman … he had built up the District but had perhaps nearly exhausted his pioneering drive .
we were in no position to [make sure] any security for pateman … he had built up the district but had perhaps nearly exhausted his pioneering drive .

It should be possible , however , to outline paradigms for community education and development which will ensure that the former outcome is achieved every time .
it should be possible , however , to outline paradigms for community education and development which will [make sure] that the former outcome is achieved every time .

He could foresee , that even at best , many godly ministers would not agree with their proposals , and part of a bishop 's work would then be to ensure these men were silenced .
he could foresee , that even at best , many godly ministers would not agree with their proposals , and part of a bishop 's work would then be to [make sure] these men were silenced .

By 1916 it had become obvious that the war was not likely to be over for some time and the government round that it was necessary to introduce military conscription in place of voluntary conscription , in order to ensure replacement of the thousands of soldiers being killed and wounded on the battlefields .
by 1916 it had become obvious that the war was not likely to be over for some time and the government round that it was necessary to introduce military conscription in place of voluntary conscription , in order to [make sure] replacement of the thousands of soldiers being killed and wounded on the battlefields .

The next step is to ensure that , from March , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement or a cataract operation .
the next step is to [make sure] that , from march , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement or a cataract operation .

As well as fighting for more money , her task was to ensure that ‘ every last pound ’ was spent as effectively as it could be .
as well as fighting for more money , her task was to [make sure] that ‘ every last pound ’ was spent as effectively as it could be .

Farmers needed to identify likely emergency situations on their farms and ensure that there was somebody able to cover for them in their absence .
farmers needed to identify likely emergency situations on their farms and [make sure] that there was somebody able to cover for them in their absence .

Training administrators must get to know their members better in order to ensure that courses were provided at the most convenient time — this might mean narrowing the training period down to 3 or 4 weeks in the year .
training administrators must get to know their members better in order to [make sure] that courses were provided at the most convenient time — this might mean narrowing the training period down to 3 or 4 weeks in the year .

To undertake training properly and ensure there was a real benefit to the farmers and the industry sufficient time had to be allowed .
to undertake training properly and [make sure] there was a real benefit to the farmers and the industry sufficient time had to be allowed .

This was a country where only 3 % of the land could be used for agriculture but where farmers received considerable financial assistance from the government to ensure that rural communities continued to be viable .
this was a country where only 3 % of the land could be used for agriculture but where farmers received considerable financial assistance from the government to [make sure] that rural communities continued to be viable .

This deliberate government policy was to encourage people to live in the rural areas and ensure that their income was at least as high as that of the factory worker .
this deliberate government policy was to encourage people to live in the rural areas and [make sure] that their income was at least as high as that of the factory worker .

Other policy issues that were observed and which need discussion and consideration included : the problem of sustaining confidence in the livestock market for those ( many of whom were family or part-time farmers ) who had no other enterprise options ; the need for an examination of the labour unit figure at present used in deciding eligibility for improvement grants with a view to its removal — those at present debarred from receiving grant ( because their unit is not big enough ) were unable to carry out improvements to develop the farm ; the case for considering what effect would be achieved by placing a limit ( e. g. 500 standard man days ) on the size of unit eligible for grant and guaranteed prices — such a limit might ensure the future of family units which were under economic pressure for amalgamation and growth of the size of units ; the need for assistance with the building of a second house to aid resettlement and hand-over problems .
other policy issues that were observed and which need discussion and consideration included : the problem of sustaining confidence in the livestock market for those ( many of whom were family or part-time farmers ) who had no other enterprise options ; the need for an examination of the labour unit figure at present used in deciding eligibility for improvement grants with a view to its removal — those at present debarred from receiving grant ( because their unit is not big enough ) were unable to carry out improvements to develop the farm ; the case for considering what effect would be achieved by placing a limit ( e. g. 500 standard man days ) on the size of unit eligible for grant and guaranteed prices — such a limit might [make sure] the future of family units which were under economic pressure for amalgamation and growth of the size of units ; the need for assistance with the building of a second house to aid resettlement and hand-over problems .

Let us ensure that we do not try to make ourselves look better than we really are by humiliating others .
let us [make sure] that we do not try to make ourselves look better than we really are by humiliating others .

But we do not know , for example , the density of farms necessary in different hill areas which have to be retained to achieve the commitment to mutual support , the retention of service industries and the social cohesion which will ensure survival of rural communities .
but we do not know , for example , the density of farms necessary in different hill areas which have to be retained to achieve the commitment to mutual support , the retention of service industries and the social cohesion which will [make sure] survival of rural communities .

The farmer with fertile land in a favourable situation and with a good business sense may be able to adjust his product ‘ mix ’ so as to hedge his income from market fluctuations , and to ensure a cash-flow which is as even as possible throughout the year .
the farmer with fertile land in a favourable situation and with a good business sense may be able to adjust his product ‘ mix ’ so as to hedge his income from market fluctuations , and to [make sure] a cash-flow which is as even as possible throughout the year .

Such precautions are less easy to ensure in DRAs where public services and technical assistance are usually less extensive or efficient than elsewhere .
such precautions are less easy to [make sure] in dras where public services and technical assistance are usually less extensive or efficient than elsewhere .

Evidence indicates that micro-chip technology could ensure that present high unemployment levels will continue .
evidence indicates that micro-chip technology could [make sure] that present high unemployment levels will continue .

Such practices do undoubtedly maintain local unemployment at relatively low levels and ensure the continuation of basic public services , but why could not such funds be utilised in a more productive and socially satisfactory way ?
such practices do undoubtedly maintain local unemployment at relatively low levels and [make sure] the continuation of basic public services , but why could not such funds be utilised in a more productive and socially satisfactory way ?

They must also ensure that educational adaptation corresponds to local circumstances rather than simply to national value systems which may have no positive role in helping people to develop their own resources .
they must also [make sure] that educational adaptation corresponds to local circumstances rather than simply to national value systems which may have no positive role in helping people to develop their own resources .

Cooperative and other forms of group action enlarge the production base of rural people and help to ensure the viability of their internal economy .
cooperative and other forms of group action enlarge the production base of rural people and help to [make sure] the viability of their internal economy .

The field worker and the educationist must ensure that the social and economic environment of the group or community forms the basis for the educational process .
the field worker and the educationist must [make sure] that the social and economic environment of the group or community forms the basis for the educational process .

Effective educational action in the disadvantaged areas may well depend on a fundamental questioning of the assumption that a high degree of uniformity is required throughout educational systems in order to ensure equality of opportunity for all children .
effective educational action in the disadvantaged areas may well depend on a fundamental questioning of the assumption that a high degree of uniformity is required throughout educational systems in order to [make sure] equality of opportunity for all children .

This is essential to bridge sectoral barriers , to ensure cohesive and effective group work in obtaining reliable analyses of local circumstances , and in utilising local resources to the full .
this is essential to bridge sectoral barriers , to [make sure] cohesive and effective group work in obtaining reliable analyses of local circumstances , and in utilising local resources to the full .

Institutions established outside the normal administrative structures having broad responsibilities for regional or area development provide at least a theoretical framework able to ensure a degree of coordination between sectoral government agencies .
institutions established outside the normal administrative structures having broad responsibilities for regional or area development provide at least a theoretical framework able to [make sure] a degree of coordination between sectoral government agencies .

Environmental audits are certainly not cheap , so how can companies ensure that they are getting good value for their money ? What regulations , rules or guidelines do environmental consultants have to abide by ? One way is to check whether a consultancy has its own guidelines , aims and objectives for the audits it is offering .
environmental audits are certainly not cheap , so how can companies [make sure] that they are getting good value for their money ? what regulations , rules or guidelines do environmental consultants have to abide by ? one way is to check whether a consultancy has its own guidelines , aims and objectives for the audits it is offering .

The way to get a high success rate , according to Calder , is to ensure close collaboration with the customer , to make sure that the project is properly defined .
the way to get a high success rate , according to calder , is to [make sure] close collaboration with the customer , to make sure that the project is properly defined .

Indeed , by the end of the study , the largest of the health districts within the county was beginning to establish family support teams alongside the developmental CMHTs in order , itself , to ensure that social casework support was available .
indeed , by the end of the study , the largest of the health districts within the county was beginning to establish family support teams alongside the developmental cmhts in order , itself , to [make sure] that social casework support was available .

This makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .
this makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to [make sure] that they can perform their jobs adequately .

Everything within reason must be done to ensure not only that children are not neglected but that they get the best upbringing possible … .
everything within reason must be done to [make sure] not only that children are not neglected but that they get the best upbringing possible … .

At the very least it would ensure that no further harm is done to the child and at best , that his wellbeing was enhanced in every possible way ( p. 45 ) .
at the very least it would [make sure] that no further harm is done to the child and at best , that his wellbeing was enhanced in every possible way ( p. 45 ) .

Considerable stress is currently placed on the need to formulate care or ‘ treatment ’ plans in order to ensure effective interventions ( Knorth , 1987 ) .
considerable stress is currently placed on the need to formulate care or ‘ treatment ’ plans in order to [make sure] effective interventions ( knorth , 1987 ) .

These interests were to replace traditional joint or ‘ runrig ’ tenancies by individual ones , to remove small tenants to other areas to make way for sheep farming , and to ensure the availability of cheap labour for kelp production .
these interests were to replace traditional joint or ‘ runrig ’ tenancies by individual ones , to remove small tenants to other areas to make way for sheep farming , and to [make sure] the availability of cheap labour for kelp production .

There are a variety of methods of attachment but to ensure a tight connection ( which is essential ) the inhaul rope should be tied when the boom is parallel to the mast so that when swung down to its normal position it tightens the rope .
there are a variety of methods of attachment but to [make sure] a tight connection ( which is essential ) the inhaul rope should be tied when the boom is parallel to the mast so that when swung down to its normal position it tightens the rope .

Having done all this , final adjustments can be made to the downhaul and outhaul to ensure that the sail has a good aerofoil shape .
having done all this , final adjustments can be made to the downhaul and outhaul to [make sure] that the sail has a good aerofoil shape .

Fig 7 Attaching the boom . To ensure a tight connection fix the boom when it is angled up to the mast
fig 7 attaching the boom . to [make sure] a tight connection fix the boom when it is angled up to the mast

Ensure that the boom is always pointing into wind .
[make sure] that the boom is always pointing into wind .

Also , although others may be wearing very little , you should always ensure that you are dressed sensibly for the occasion .
also , although others may be wearing very little , you should always [make sure] that you are dressed sensibly for the occasion .

Despite a reduction in indigenous oil production , the projected fall in demand should ensure that net imports will diminish by nearly 10 million tonnes between 1983 and 1990 , then rise slightly by the year 2000 .
despite a reduction in indigenous oil production , the projected fall in demand should [make sure] that net imports will diminish by nearly 10 million tonnes between 1983 and 1990 , then rise slightly by the year 2000 .

By this means a government can ensure that part of the supply of foreign exchange is surrendered to it at a low price to be used to satisfy the demands of privileged groups , including itself , while the remainder is left for more or less free disposal by the recipient enterprises , either on an official market at a more favourable rate , or on a free or ‘ black ’ market .
by this means a government can [make sure] that part of the supply of foreign exchange is surrendered to it at a low price to be used to satisfy the demands of privileged groups , including itself , while the remainder is left for more or less free disposal by the recipient enterprises , either on an official market at a more favourable rate , or on a free or ‘ black ’ market .

In a few cases , investing enterprises may have hoped to ensure supplies of scarce raw materials or energy supplies .
in a few cases , investing enterprises may have hoped to [make sure] supplies of scarce raw materials or energy supplies .

In Dublin today Charlton will send out the Republic against Northern Ireland in an attempt to take the points that would virtually ensure participation in the World Cup finals next summer in Italy , a feat guaranteed to consolidate his status as a modern Irish hero .
in dublin today charlton will send out the republic against northern ireland in an attempt to take the points that would virtually [make sure] participation in the world cup finals next summer in italy , a feat guaranteed to consolidate his status as a modern irish hero .

It would ensure that the tunnel was completed and would give the banks much more direct access to the project and its long-term rewards .
it would [make sure] that the tunnel was completed and would give the banks much more direct access to the project and its long-term rewards .

Newspapers and television implore us to slit all the candy open to ensure that it contains no foreign body .
newspapers and television implore us to slit all the candy open to [make sure] that it contains no foreign body .

It is obvious that good economic indicators no more ensure good economic management than accurate instruments on the dashboard of a car ensure safe driving .
it is obvious that good economic indicators no more [make sure] good economic management than accurate instruments on the dashboard of a car [make sure] safe driving .

Most liberals have thought that we , unfortunately , needed the firm yoke of the law to ensure that the interests of weaker individuals and groups were not substantially harmed by the irresponsible attitudes and actions of the more powerful .
most liberals have thought that we , unfortunately , needed the firm yoke of the law to [make sure] that the interests of weaker individuals and groups were not substantially harmed by the irresponsible attitudes and actions of the more powerful .

In a lecture he delivered on the fringe of last year 's Conservative Party conference , Mr Lawson said : ‘ While economic failure will most certainly drive a government out of office , economic success alone will not ensure that it retains office .
in a lecture he delivered on the fringe of last year 's conservative party conference , mr lawson said : ‘ while economic failure will most certainly drive a government out of office , economic success alone will not [make sure] that it retains office .

The Government wanted to get it right and ensure genuine competition .
the government wanted to get it right and [make sure] genuine competition .

Special safeguards will apply to protect employees of system operators to ensure that those who are careless or negligent will not be accused of criminal offences .
special safeguards will apply to protect employees of system operators to [make sure] that those who are careless or negligent will not be accused of criminal offences .

If the recommendations became law , unauthorised entry to a computer through carelessness would technically be an offence , so there was more of an onus on companies to ensure that all employees knew exactly what they were authorised to do , a spokesman said .
if the recommendations became law , unauthorised entry to a computer through carelessness would technically be an offence , so there was more of an onus on companies to [make sure] that all employees knew exactly what they were authorised to do , a spokesman said .

It is also understood that the Treasury by then was concluding that an interest rate increase would be needed to ensure a clampdown on inflation .
it is also understood that the treasury by then was concluding that an interest rate increase would be needed to [make sure] a clampdown on inflation .

( 2 ) … a doctor shall be under no obligation to give treatment personally if such reasonable steps as are appropriate are taken to ensure continuity of treatment , and treatment may be given — ( a ) by another doctor acting as a deputy … ( b ) if it is treatment which it is clinically reasonable in the circumstances to delegate , by a person whom the doctor had authorised and who is competent to carry out such treatment .
( 2 ) … a doctor shall be under no obligation to give treatment personally if such reasonable steps as are appropriate are taken to [make sure] continuity of treatment , and treatment may be given — ( a ) by another doctor acting as a deputy … ( b ) if it is treatment which it is clinically reasonable in the circumstances to delegate , by a person whom the doctor had authorised and who is competent to carry out such treatment .

In giving such consent , the committee may also impose such conditions as it considers necessary or expedient to ensure the adequacy of such arrangements .
in giving such consent , the committee may also impose such conditions as it considers necessary or expedient to [make sure] the adequacy of such arrangements .

The problem , Mr Vickerman said , was to ensure that while all students were able to use technology appropriate to their subjects , some examination candidates should not be disadvantaged by having less advanced calculators than others .
the problem , mr vickerman said , was to [make sure] that while all students were able to use technology appropriate to their subjects , some examination candidates should not be disadvantaged by having less advanced calculators than others .

Water perks intended to ensure maximum take-up
water perks intended to [make sure] maximum take-up

City analysts are convinced that the Government will price shares extremely favourably to ensure success , with the average dividend yield among the 10 authorities a little under 8 per cent .
city analysts are convinced that the government will price shares extremely favourably to [make sure] success , with the average dividend yield among the 10 authorities a little under 8 per cent .

Labour condemned the incentives as ‘ another effort to ensure that the sale is not a flop ’ .
labour condemned the incentives as ‘ another effort to [make sure] that the sale is not a flop ’ .

The job hardly existed until a century ago , when orchestral works began to require such large forces that composers - Berlioz , Wagner or Mahler — resorted to doing the job themselves to ensure a modicum of accuracy ( Haydn and Mozart , with their smaller orchestras , had managed effectively by waving a hand from the keyboard ) .
the job hardly existed until a century ago , when orchestral works began to require such large forces that composers - berlioz , wagner or mahler — resorted to doing the job themselves to [make sure] a modicum of accuracy ( haydn and mozart , with their smaller orchestras , had managed effectively by waving a hand from the keyboard ) .

Israeli planes made the jet land at an airstrip in the plain of Armageddon , used by crop-dusting planes , to ensure it was not booby-trapped .
israeli planes made the jet land at an airstrip in the plain of armageddon , used by crop-dusting planes , to [make sure] it was not booby-trapped .

‘ To ensure the establishment of , and to keep in active operation , a Constituency Labour Party in every Constituency , … ’
‘ to [make sure] the establishment of , and to keep in active operation , a constituency labour party in every constituency , … ’

Thus , even if it would be excessive to sweep large numbers of the deaths now recorded as ‘ accidents ’ into the law of homicide , there may be sufficient justification for creating or enforcing offences designed to ensure safe conditions of work , safe goods , safe buildings , and so on .
thus , even if it would be excessive to sweep large numbers of the deaths now recorded as ‘ accidents ’ into the law of homicide , there may be sufficient justification for creating or enforcing offences designed to [make sure] safe conditions of work , safe goods , safe buildings , and so on .

The normative requirements of the defence of duress ( discussed in detail in Chapter 6.4 ) ensure that it is restricted to dire and realistic threats which a citizen of reasonable firmness could not be expected to resist .
the normative requirements of the defence of duress ( discussed in detail in chapter 6.4 ) [make sure] that it is restricted to dire and realistic threats which a citizen of reasonable firmness could not be expected to resist .

The merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument , giving the jury ( in contested cases ) an opportunity to assess the defence , and giving the judge fairly precise guidance on the basis for sentencing : this might be thought to ensure that each defendant is dealt with more fairly , but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection .
the merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument , giving the jury ( in contested cases ) an opportunity to assess the defence , and giving the judge fairly precise guidance on the basis for sentencing : this might be thought to [make sure] that each defendant is dealt with more fairly , but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection .

Injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the health and safety at work act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to [make sure] that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .

For example , in addition to the road-traffic offences , there are offences under sections 32 and 33 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 of endangering railway passengers ; there are the offences under section 1 ( 2 ) of the Criminal Damage Act 1971 of endangering the lives of others by causing damage to property ( usually by fire ) ; the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 penalizes employers for failure to ensure that employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety ; and there are offences , such as that under section 12 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987 , of selling goods in contravention of safety regulations .
for example , in addition to the road-traffic offences , there are offences under sections 32 and 33 of the offences against the person act 1861 of endangering railway passengers ; there are the offences under section 1 ( 2 ) of the criminal damage act 1971 of endangering the lives of others by causing damage to property ( usually by fire ) ; the health and safety at work act 1974 penalizes employers for failure to [make sure] that employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety ; and there are offences , such as that under section 12 of the consumer protection act 1987 , of selling goods in contravention of safety regulations .

If your Poodle is in a lamb clip or similar style then pay particular attention to the inside of the legs and around the anus and hocks , to ensure there are no knots .
if your poodle is in a lamb clip or similar style then pay particular attention to the inside of the legs and around the anus and hocks , to [make sure] there are no knots .

However , children must be watched to ensure they do not abuse this little dog 's trust by pulling on their ears .
however , children must be watched to [make sure] they do not abuse this little dog 's trust by pulling on their ears .

Instead ensure that you and your employees have access to the best training and keep on top of latest developments .
instead [make sure] that you and your employees have access to the best training and keep on top of latest developments .

To ensure the Bill 's smooth passage through Parliament , they readily agreed to concessions for farmers and fox hunters .
to [make sure] the bill 's smooth passage through parliament , they readily agreed to concessions for farmers and fox hunters .

The age-old tradition of having one colour per make helps , but the variety of uses to which tractors are put should ensure that they never become facsimiles of each other .
the age-old tradition of having one colour per make helps , but the variety of uses to which tractors are put should [make sure] that they never become facsimiles of each other .

Slurry is injected into a 20mm ( 0.75in ) wide groove which can be up to 60mm ( 2.3in ) deep , and on all models , the slot is opened by a pair of discs mounted on a flexible arm , a feature which is said to ensure precise depth control .
slurry is injected into a 20mm ( 0.75in ) wide groove which can be up to 60mm ( 2.3in ) deep , and on all models , the slot is opened by a pair of discs mounted on a flexible arm , a feature which is said to [make sure] precise depth control .

Cut and dried Anne Swithbank plants perennials to ensure an economical supply of fresh and preserved cut flowers year after year .
cut and dried anne swithbank plants perennials to [make sure] an economical supply of fresh and preserved cut flowers year after year .

Taking cuttings and collecting seeds will ensure that next year 's garden is even more colourful than this year 's
taking cuttings and collecting seeds will [make sure] that next year 's garden is even more colourful than this year 's

Patio containers and hanging baskets will particularly benefit from a high potash liquid or foliar feed this month , which will ensure they provide a continuity of flower until the onset of autumn frosts .
patio containers and hanging baskets will particularly benefit from a high potash liquid or foliar feed this month , which will [make sure] they provide a continuity of flower until the onset of autumn frosts .

Water houseplants regularly and ensure they receive enough humidity
water houseplants regularly and [make sure] they receive enough humidity

Terraces , walls , lawns and borders all play their parts but it is only by judicious planting that we can ensure as much joy in January as in June .
terraces , walls , lawns and borders all play their parts but it is only by judicious planting that we can [make sure] as much joy in january as in june .

Dig in plenty of rotted manure , but ensure the ground has settled firmly before planting .
dig in plenty of rotted manure , but [make sure] the ground has settled firmly before planting .

Our easy to follow , month-by-month guide to rose care will help you ensure healthy and spectacular blooms each and every year .
our easy to follow , month-by-month guide to rose care will help you [make sure] healthy and spectacular blooms each and every year .

Roses are naturally at their most beautiful in summer , but it takes year-long care to ensure they maintain their glory .
roses are naturally at their most beautiful in summer , but it takes year-long care to [make sure] they maintain their glory .

Ensure good contact by pegging in place with wire hoops or weighting it down with a few pebbles .
[make sure] good contact by pegging in place with wire hoops or weighting it down with a few pebbles .

Propagating streptocarpus : ensure leaf sections are the right way up
propagating streptocarpus : [make sure] leaf sections are the right way up

Roots may be out of sight but their welfare should always be kept in mind , for strong anchors ensure thriving top growth and healthy , abundant crops
roots may be out of sight but their welfare should always be kept in mind , for strong anchors [make sure] thriving top growth and healthy , abundant crops

When you have a colourful leaved strain you want to keep , leaf cuttings will ensure identical progeny form from a parent leaf .
when you have a colourful leaved strain you want to keep , leaf cuttings will [make sure] identical progeny form from a parent leaf .

An admirer of hers had written it to ensure some early coverage , having got a proof copy from her publishers .
an admirer of hers had written it to [make sure] some early coverage , having got a proof copy from her publishers .

His determination to ensure his private life remained private kept him hidden off screen .
his determination to [make sure] his private life remained private kept him hidden off screen .

Others , particularly socialists , were convinced that the downward trend in population growth was not , in itself , a problem since the key to the future prosperity of Britain was to be found in the redistribution of income to ensure that all enjoyed an income sufficient to enjoy healthy life .
others , particularly socialists , were convinced that the downward trend in population growth was not , in itself , a problem since the key to the future prosperity of britain was to be found in the redistribution of income to [make sure] that all enjoyed an income sufficient to enjoy healthy life .

Moreover , it supported the introduction of such measures in order to ensure that social inequality was removed and that more children from the deprived families survived their childhood .
moreover , it supported the introduction of such measures in order to [make sure] that social inequality was removed and that more children from the deprived families survived their childhood .

It is also fair to suggest that the Labour Party benefited from the rising unemployment of the 1920s for it claimed , successfully in the 1920s , that although it could not solve unemployment , which was a product of a capitalist society , it would at least ensure that the unemployed were guaranteed a level of benefits which would ensure healthy life .
it is also fair to suggest that the labour party benefited from the rising unemployment of the 1920s for it claimed , successfully in the 1920s , that although it could not solve unemployment , which was a product of a capitalist society , it would at least [make sure] that the unemployed were guaranteed a level of benefits which would [make sure] healthy life .

It was financed by Lloyd George , without reference to Asquith , and argued that the state should gradually take over the land through committees whose purpose was to ensure that reforms were made to revive the economy of the countryside .
it was financed by lloyd george , without reference to asquith , and argued that the state should gradually take over the land through committees whose purpose was to [make sure] that reforms were made to revive the economy of the countryside .

The energetic pursuit of these two policies should in the long run ensure a substantial improvement in the employment situation .
the energetic pursuit of these two policies should in the long run [make sure] a substantial improvement in the employment situation .

The fact is that fascist support was limited to the extent that all the fascist groups in a particular region were forced to work together in order to ensure a good attendance at meetings .
the fact is that fascist support was limited to the extent that all the fascist groups in a particular region were forced to work together in order to [make sure] a good attendance at meetings .

But the build-up will ensure that they do well when the fighting starts .
but the build-up will [make sure] that they do well when the fighting starts .

Universal structure helps ensure comparable standards
universal structure helps [make sure] comparable standards

Obviously , it will pay to ensure optimum growing conditions by enriching the soil with a little fertiliser and organic matter such as compost or will-rotted manure .
obviously , it will pay to [make sure] optimum growing conditions by enriching the soil with a little fertiliser and organic matter such as compost or will-rotted manure .

The backbone , as with all gardening , should ensure winter interest as well as a summer climax , so you 'll need evergreens or plants with good winter outlines .
the backbone , as with all gardening , should [make sure] winter interest as well as a summer climax , so you 'll need evergreens or plants with good winter outlines .

If , like me , you prefer biodegradable pots , nestle them close together in a seedtray to ensure that their walls stay moist .
if , like me , you prefer biodegradable pots , nestle them close together in a seedtray to [make sure] that their walls stay moist .

Regular feeding with a general fertiliser will help to ensure that the plants are always supplied with adequate food materials .
regular feeding with a general fertiliser will help to [make sure] that the plants are always supplied with adequate food materials .

With very fine seed try mixing it with fine silver sand to ensure the seeds are not sown too closely .
with very fine seed try mixing it with fine silver sand to [make sure] the seeds are not sown too closely .

Later on remove all their blossom from summer-fruiting varieties to ensure they make strong crowns before beginning to fruit next year .
later on remove all their blossom from summer-fruiting varieties to [make sure] they make strong crowns before beginning to fruit next year .

Prepare the containers by filling loosely to the brim with peat compost , press it down gently with finger pressure around the rim of the tray to ensure there are no air pockets and roughly level it again , then press it down to make a firm , level surface about ½ in ( 12mm ) below the rim .
prepare the containers by filling loosely to the brim with peat compost , press it down gently with finger pressure around the rim of the tray to [make sure] there are no air pockets and roughly level it again , then press it down to make a firm , level surface about ½ in ( 12mm ) below the rim .

Chauffeurs had met them at their Inn on the Park hotel , at seven o'clock sharp ; and at five minutes to eight they had taken their seats around the long elliptical table at European headquarters to ensure the meeting began on time , at precisely eight o'clock .
chauffeurs had met them at their inn on the park hotel , at seven o'clock sharp ; and at five minutes to eight they had taken their seats around the long elliptical table at european headquarters to [make sure] the meeting began on time , at precisely eight o'clock .

Some felt that they were hurrying into an epoch of unprecedented enlightenment , in which better education and beneficent technology would ensure wealth and leisure for all .
some felt that they were hurrying into an epoch of unprecedented enlightenment , in which better education and beneficent technology would [make sure] wealth and leisure for all .

The ostensible purposes of this Act were to ensure that an adequate supply of bodies was available for dissection in the teaching hospitals and anatomy schools , whilst eliminating the nefarious activities of the body-snatchers , whose commerce had nourished the medical profession .
the ostensible purposes of this act were to [make sure] that an adequate supply of bodies was available for dissection in the teaching hospitals and anatomy schools , whilst eliminating the nefarious activities of the body-snatchers , whose commerce had nourished the medical profession .

Parliamentary intervention was necessary , partly to allay friction between the established church and Nonconformists , and partly to ensure that cemetery space was allotted at minimum cost to the poor .
parliamentary intervention was necessary , partly to allay friction between the established church and nonconformists , and partly to [make sure] that cemetery space was allotted at minimum cost to the poor .

Herein lies the problem : the wood needs to be of a species for which there is a ‘ master chronology ’ ( see p. 125 ) and there must normally be at least a hundred tree rings in the sample to be dated to ensure a unique match with the master pattern .
herein lies the problem : the wood needs to be of a species for which there is a ‘ master chronology ’ ( see p. 125 ) and there must normally be at least a hundred tree rings in the sample to be dated to [make sure] a unique match with the master pattern .

The diversity of museum collections in general requires that these practices be sufficiently flexible to accommodate the unusual object or set of circumstances , and yet sufficiently disciplined to ensure that realistic standards can be established and maintained .
the diversity of museum collections in general requires that these practices be sufficiently flexible to accommodate the unusual object or set of circumstances , and yet sufficiently disciplined to [make sure] that realistic standards can be established and maintained .

Throughout the period of pregnancy many ritual festivities are held to ensure the pregnant mother 's mental and physical well-being .
throughout the period of pregnancy many ritual festivities are held to [make sure] the pregnant mother 's mental and physical well-being .

whereby the feminine body was analyzed … as being thoroughly saturated with sexuality ; whereby it was integrated into the sphere of medical practices , by reason of a pathology intrinsic to it ; whereby , finally , it was placed in organic communication with the social body , whose regulated fecundity it was supposed to ensure … the Mother , with her negative image of ‘ nervous woman ’ , constituted the most visible form of this hysterization .
whereby the feminine body was analyzed … as being thoroughly saturated with sexuality ; whereby it was integrated into the sphere of medical practices , by reason of a pathology intrinsic to it ; whereby , finally , it was placed in organic communication with the social body , whose regulated fecundity it was supposed to [make sure] … the mother , with her negative image of ‘ nervous woman ’ , constituted the most visible form of this hysterization .

Operation is dependent on using the correct chemical products at the appropriate dilutions in the correct sequence with correct temperatures and a flow rate that will ensure maximum turbulence .
operation is dependent on using the correct chemical products at the appropriate dilutions in the correct sequence with correct temperatures and a flow rate that will [make sure] maximum turbulence .

To ensure the widest scope for getting the best deal it is necessary to exclude those which can not supply on the terms required .
to [make sure] the widest scope for getting the best deal it is necessary to exclude those which can not supply on the terms required .

To ensure prompt attention it is also advisable to set a time limit for the return of details after which submissions will not be considered .
to [make sure] prompt attention it is also advisable to set a time limit for the return of details after which submissions will not be considered .

For products that are expensive and only used sporadically an unattractive product may be chosen if it has an exceptional performance as its handling characteristics will ensure that it is only used as a last resort and not used casually when other cheaper products would suffice .
for products that are expensive and only used sporadically an unattractive product may be chosen if it has an exceptional performance as its handling characteristics will [make sure] that it is only used as a last resort and not used casually when other cheaper products would suffice .

Given that agreement is reached and a contract is established , either formally or informally , the matter of supply is resolved in a way that will ensure continuity of suitable materials with the minimum of problems .
given that agreement is reached and a contract is established , either formally or informally , the matter of supply is resolved in a way that will [make sure] continuity of suitable materials with the minimum of problems .

Surpluses on a period of account should not be automatically lost , if they can be demonstrated to be the result of efficient working and not over budgeting , otherwise controllers will ensure that there are no surpluses .
surpluses on a period of account should not be automatically lost , if they can be demonstrated to be the result of efficient working and not over budgeting , otherwise controllers will [make sure] that there are no surpluses .

Afterwards dry if necessary with a bone dry cloth to ensure that there are no drips .
afterwards dry if necessary with a bone dry cloth to [make sure] that there are no drips .

Rapid clearing of exit areas or track to ensure cleaned items emerge from the machine and dry rapidly .
rapid clearing of exit areas or track to [make sure] cleaned items emerge from the machine and dry rapidly .

While there are local adaptations of agricultural and pastoral practice to conserve soil , these processes ensure that they are usually not far-reaching , nor fast enough .
while there are local adaptations of agricultural and pastoral practice to conserve soil , these processes [make sure] that they are usually not far-reaching , nor fast enough .

This has led to a change in the way in which both physical and social data are collected and combined in an effective conservation policy , or , as Pickering ( 1979 ) puts it , in such a way as to ensure the technical validity of a conservation technique is appropriate over the same area as its social validity .
this has led to a change in the way in which both physical and social data are collected and combined in an effective conservation policy , or , as pickering ( 1979 ) puts it , in such a way as to [make sure] the technical validity of a conservation technique is appropriate over the same area as its social validity .

Great care must be taken to ensure that the line of palms do not look like some modern Forestry Commission plantation .
great care must be taken to [make sure] that the line of palms do not look like some modern forestry commission plantation .

Having chosen the tree pattern and the beach , one must then be careful to ensure that the sky is not cloud-filled .
having chosen the tree pattern and the beach , one must then be careful to [make sure] that the sky is not cloud-filled .

Elongated single-aspect plans with hall-corridors on the entrance front were introduced to ensure even greater privacy from callers and servants , private wings were stepped back to create private sheltered garden areas , and the kitchen and staple offices were skilfully deployed at right angles to the main block to create sheltered L-plan forecourts .
elongated single-aspect plans with hall-corridors on the entrance front were introduced to [make sure] even greater privacy from callers and servants , private wings were stepped back to create private sheltered garden areas , and the kitchen and staple offices were skilfully deployed at right angles to the main block to create sheltered l-plan forecourts .

Raised up to ensure views over the canal basin , the concourse/café area is the most exciting space in Porters South — and forms the heart of the scheme .
raised up to [make sure] views over the canal basin , the concourse/café area is the most exciting space in porters south — and forms the heart of the scheme .

Not only does its technology guarantee absolute consistency of product quality ; it also enables us to ensure ready availability in the face of a continued growth in demand .
not only does its technology guarantee absolute consistency of product quality ; it also enables us to [make sure] ready availability in the face of a continued growth in demand .

The article advocated a policy of economic autarchy , with the exclusion of foreign investment and legislation to ensure that ‘ gombeen capital ’ was invested in Ireland .
the article advocated a policy of economic autarchy , with the exclusion of foreign investment and legislation to [make sure] that ‘ gombeen capital ’ was invested in ireland .

There can be no doubt that the policy of Republicans must be to ensure that everything is done to make this demand more strong , vigorously organised , widespread , well-expressed and heard not only in the North but in Britain and throughout the world .
there can be no doubt that the policy of republicans must be to [make sure] that everything is done to make this demand more strong , vigorously organised , widespread , well-expressed and heard not only in the north but in britain and throughout the world .

The one certain way to ensure a head-on clash … was to organise a non-Unionist march through the city centre .
the one certain way to [make sure] a head-on clash … was to organise a non-unionist march through the city centre .

The school was an amiable establishment in Somerset which existed largely for the daughters of service and diplomatic families , whose fees were subsidised by the services to ensure that the scions of the officer class need not be tainted by cheek-by-jowl association with the children of other ranks .
the school was an amiable establishment in somerset which existed largely for the daughters of service and diplomatic families , whose fees were subsidised by the services to [make sure] that the scions of the officer class need not be tainted by cheek-by-jowl association with the children of other ranks .

Indeed , as Sutherland and Mackintosh ( 1971 ) have pointed out , Siegels 's training apparatus was specifically arranged so as to ensure that the rats would adopt response strategies of the sort they did .
indeed , as sutherland and mackintosh ( 1971 ) have pointed out , siegels 's training apparatus was specifically arranged so as to [make sure] that the rats would adopt response strategies of the sort they did .

The various experiments just discussed use procedures specifically chosen to ensure that differentiation effects and mediation effects tend toward different outcomes .
the various experiments just discussed use procedures specifically chosen to [make sure] that differentiation effects and mediation effects tend toward different outcomes .

In view of the evident divisions within the Cabinet , he advised her to speak to ministers individually that afternoon to ensure she had their full support .
in view of the evident divisions within the cabinet , he advised her to speak to ministers individually that afternoon to [make sure] she had their full support .

Although the broadcasters ( subject to the existing obligation to ensure political balance in their programmes as a whole ) are not under any parliamentary or governmental control in such matters , there is an unwritten understanding that their coverage of the proceedings of the House must have some regard to the wishes of the House and its Members .
although the broadcasters ( subject to the existing obligation to [make sure] political balance in their programmes as a whole ) are not under any parliamentary or governmental control in such matters , there is an unwritten understanding that their coverage of the proceedings of the house must have some regard to the wishes of the house and its members .

The parents , he said , had been devastated by the loss of one child but accepted the operation was necessary to ensure survival in any form .
the parents , he said , had been devastated by the loss of one child but accepted the operation was necessary to [make sure] survival in any form .

We have a vision of a country that will ensure prosperity , low taxation , home ownership and a modern , competitive economy , ’ he said .
we have a vision of a country that will [make sure] prosperity , low taxation , home ownership and a modern , competitive economy , ’ he said .

But the appearance of stately progress masks frenetic activity below the surface as officials try to ensure business as usual once the votes are counted .
but the appearance of stately progress masks frenetic activity below the surface as officials try to [make sure] business as usual once the votes are counted .

The Minister 's brief would be to ensure that rapists are given a fair trial , to remove the by then punitive tax on shaving brushes , and generally to encourage his sex to emerge from their hiding-places and contribute to the running of the nation .
the minister 's brief would be to [make sure] that rapists are given a fair trial , to remove the by then punitive tax on shaving brushes , and generally to encourage his sex to emerge from their hiding-places and contribute to the running of the nation .

It was like a valedictory speech , possibly the last big statement he would utter as Leader of the Opposition , the opportunity to deliver a personal justification of what he did to try and ensure that Labour 's values joined together with the popular vote to save the party from the political wilderness .
it was like a valedictory speech , possibly the last big statement he would utter as leader of the opposition , the opportunity to deliver a personal justification of what he did to try and [make sure] that labour 's values joined together with the popular vote to save the party from the political wilderness .

Mr Kinnock said : ‘ The battle is not yet over , the battle for the survival of the National Health Service , for proper investment in children who go to local maintained schools , to protect learning and independence in the universities and broadcasting , to secure freedom of information and reform of our democracy , and ensure we shall never again get a government that will use unemployment and recession as its main economic weapon . ’
mr kinnock said : ‘ the battle is not yet over , the battle for the survival of the national health service , for proper investment in children who go to local maintained schools , to protect learning and independence in the universities and broadcasting , to secure freedom of information and reform of our democracy , and [make sure] we shall never again get a government that will use unemployment and recession as its main economic weapon . ’

‘ We can look forward to working with France in international efforts to ensure that the temporary suspension of testing by two of the five nuclear weapons states — Russia and France — becomes permanent , and that the other three join them . ’
‘ we can look forward to working with france in international efforts to [make sure] that the temporary suspension of testing by two of the five nuclear weapons states — russia and france — becomes permanent , and that the other three join them . ’

But , he says , agents have also learned the lessons of recent years by adapting their sales measures to cope with the recession , identifying more closely buyers capable of meeting their financial responsibilities and building solid ‘ chains ’ to ensure successful completion of negotiations .
but , he says , agents have also learned the lessons of recent years by adapting their sales measures to cope with the recession , identifying more closely buyers capable of meeting their financial responsibilities and building solid ‘ chains ’ to [make sure] successful completion of negotiations .

More than 90 per cent of them said they would support new legislation to ensure higher energy-efficiency standards in household appliances .
more than 90 per cent of them said they would support new legislation to [make sure] higher energy-efficiency standards in household appliances .

The parent , Waste Management Inc of Chicago , advised by Merrill Lynch , edged the price of the £439m international share offering down from 590p–600p to ensure a buoyant after-market and to keep institutional investors in Britain happy .
the parent , waste management inc of chicago , advised by merrill lynch , edged the price of the £439m international share offering down from 590p–600p to [make sure] a buoyant after-market and to keep institutional investors in britain happy .

Ronald Wright 's re-telling of the fate of the indigenous people is far more than another manifestation of the popular pastime of Columbus-bashing designed to ensure that this year 's quincentennial celebrations should be suitably controversial .
ronald wright 's re-telling of the fate of the indigenous people is far more than another manifestation of the popular pastime of columbus-bashing designed to [make sure] that this year 's quincentennial celebrations should be suitably controversial .

There was still much to do to ensure greater choice and better quality for drinkers .
there was still much to do to [make sure] greater choice and better quality for drinkers .

Instead their attraction lies in their flexibility to ensure greater consistency in both bitterness and flavour , in avoiding the effects of oxidation and in being easier to handle and more suitable for bulk brewing procedures .
instead their attraction lies in their flexibility to [make sure] greater consistency in both bitterness and flavour , in avoiding the effects of oxidation and in being easier to handle and more suitable for bulk brewing procedures .

This procedure should ensure that no brush marks are left to mar the appearance .
this procedure should [make sure] that no brush marks are left to mar the appearance .

Normally , they need not additional support , but you must take care to ensure that the position is between joists , and that there is sufficient clearance above the light to prevent overheating .
normally , they need not additional support , but you must take care to [make sure] that the position is between joists , and that there is sufficient clearance above the light to prevent overheating .

Fit the new door to the unit and make the necessary adjustment to the hinge to ensure the door sits correctly
fit the new door to the unit and make the necessary adjustment to the hinge to [make sure] the door sits correctly

Check to ensure no screws are holding the fronts in place .
check to [make sure] no screws are holding the fronts in place .

So it is important to ensure all joints are well pointed and sides are sealed against the ingress of water .
so it is important to [make sure] all joints are well pointed and sides are sealed against the ingress of water .

Add or remove sand as necessary to ensure slabs sit correctly .
add or remove sand as necessary to [make sure] slabs sit correctly .

This will ensure the paintwork stays in good condition , and it will make the roof watertight .
this will [make sure] the paintwork stays in good condition , and it will make the roof watertight .

Since colours can vary slightly , it 's important to buy all the tiles you need at once to ensure that they 're from the same batch ; it 's also a good idea to unpack and mix them before fixing them , to even out any colour variations .
since colours can vary slightly , it 's important to buy all the tiles you need at once to [make sure] that they 're from the same batch ; it 's also a good idea to unpack and mix them before fixing them , to even out any colour variations .

You can then use this to ensure that on each wall your tiles will be centred accurately on major features such as window reveals , with a border of cut tiles of equal width at each side .
you can then use this to [make sure] that on each wall your tiles will be centred accurately on major features such as window reveals , with a border of cut tiles of equal width at each side .

Once in place , Hitachi recommends a trial in a safe area to ensure everything is properly assembled .
once in place , hitachi recommends a trial in a safe area to [make sure] everything is properly assembled .

Choosing this road is likely to cost more than the first option , but you will at least ensure that your doors are the best that money can buy .
choosing this road is likely to cost more than the first option , but you will at least [make sure] that your doors are the best that money can buy .

Ideally this should be carried out by the timber supplier ( treated wood is described as ‘ Tanalised ’ or ‘ Celcured ’ by timber merchants and other stockists ) to ensure thorough and deep penetration of the wood .
ideally this should be carried out by the timber supplier ( treated wood is described as ‘ tanalised ’ or ‘ celcured ’ by timber merchants and other stockists ) to [make sure] thorough and deep penetration of the wood .

If you choose metal windows , ensure that they 're fitted with a ‘ thermal break ’ to reduce condensation problems — windows without this feature can stream with moisture in cold weather .
if you choose metal windows , [make sure] that they 're fitted with a ‘ thermal break ’ to reduce condensation problems — windows without this feature can stream with moisture in cold weather .

The series should ensure that Age Concern ( and its service users ) are well placed to participate in the new systems of community care .
the series should [make sure] that age concern ( and its service users ) are well placed to participate in the new systems of community care .

We hope to ensure that every candidate will have given some consideration to the issues which affect older people .
we hope to [make sure] that every candidate will have given some consideration to the issues which affect older people .

We are looking at ways to develop this as well as ways to ensure that groups are kept informed of any activity in their area .
we are looking at ways to develop this as well as ways to [make sure] that groups are kept informed of any activity in their area .

This would ensure that most pensioners would not need to rely on means-tested benefits .
this would [make sure] that most pensioners would not need to rely on means-tested benefits .

Under objectives stated in the White Paper , Caring for people , local authorities are required to take all reasonable steps to ensure a diversity of provision in their area .
under objectives stated in the white paper , caring for people , local authorities are required to take all reasonable steps to [make sure] a diversity of provision in their area .

regularly validating lists to ensure that they do not contain the names of patients no longer requiring treatment ;
regularly validating lists to [make sure] that they do not contain the names of patients no longer requiring treatment ;

It is also difficult to see how such a policy will ensure continuity of specialist care , for instance through outpatients , after a distantly-resident elderly person has been discharged from hospital .
it is also difficult to see how such a policy will [make sure] continuity of specialist care , for instance through outpatients , after a distantly-resident elderly person has been discharged from hospital .

The need for proper assessment and cooperation at the time of hospital discharge is an essential preventive measure to ensure that elderly people are not discharged to inappropriate care settings .
the need for proper assessment and cooperation at the time of hospital discharge is an essential preventive measure to [make sure] that elderly people are not discharged to inappropriate care settings .

The devolution of responsibility to hospitals , DHAs and FPCs may prevent the broadly-based planning which is necessary to ensure that such services continue to grow and prosper .
the devolution of responsibility to hospitals , dhas and fpcs may prevent the broadly-based planning which is necessary to [make sure] that such services continue to grow and prosper .

The political and financial capital already invested in the Channel tunnel project should ensure it bores on somehow — but that is not the same thing as Eurotunnel 's survival .
the political and financial capital already invested in the channel tunnel project should [make sure] it bores on somehow — but that is not the same thing as eurotunnel 's survival .

‘ Nevertheless , the council believes we must ensure the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’
‘ nevertheless , the council believes we must [make sure] the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’

They have also requested in their wills that Lizzie 's ashes be buried with them to ensure that , one day , they will all be together again .
they have also requested in their wills that lizzie 's ashes be buried with them to [make sure] that , one day , they will all be together again .

‘ When buying a puppy , try and ensure it is well-bred and reared by a breeder who has some aim to produce well-tempered stock . ’
‘ when buying a puppy , try and [make sure] it is well-bred and reared by a breeder who has some aim to produce well-tempered stock . ’

The only variation is between those who say the provenance of the wastes is irrelevant , and those who argue that imports of PCBs and other hazardous material should be discourged , because only a tough import policy will ensure that other countries build their own plants .
the only variation is between those who say the provenance of the wastes is irrelevant , and those who argue that imports of pcbs and other hazardous material should be discourged , because only a tough import policy will [make sure] that other countries build their own plants .

Second , it would ensure that workers enjoyed positive rights under law and reduce the emphasis of union immunities .
second , it would [make sure] that workers enjoyed positive rights under law and reduce the emphasis of union immunities .

The purchases , together with the remedial action , should ensure that Martin Craddock , chairman and chief executive , can at least match analysts ' forecasts of £1.8m pre-tax when he reports on the 1989-90 year .
the purchases , together with the remedial action , should [make sure] that martin craddock , chairman and chief executive , can at least match analysts ' forecasts of £1.8m pre-tax when he reports on the 1989-90 year .

If the vehicle has an electrically powered antenna , arrangements should be made to ensure that it is raised whenever the vehicle is moving — with an over-ride switch allowing the driver to avoid damage when entering a garage or car park .
if the vehicle has an electrically powered antenna , arrangements should be made to [make sure] that it is raised whenever the vehicle is moving — with an over-ride switch allowing the driver to avoid damage when entering a garage or car park .

Some of the refugees originally refused to touch East German territory again , but were reassured when two of the West German diplomats said they would accompany the train , to ensure that the rules were followed .
some of the refugees originally refused to touch east german territory again , but were reassured when two of the west german diplomats said they would accompany the train , to [make sure] that the rules were followed .

’ Telephone cables in the region are being upgraded to ensure they are capable of handling faxes .
’ telephone cables in the region are being upgraded to [make sure] they are capable of handling faxes .

We must try to ensure that , as a result of our own genetic manipulation , they do not turn out to be unpleasant surprises .
we must try to [make sure] that , as a result of our own genetic manipulation , they do not turn out to be unpleasant surprises .

It was equally important to ensure that all would-be courtiers studied music , which in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries included ali the arts and muses .
it was equally important to [make sure] that all would-be courtiers studied music , which in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries included ali the arts and muses .

To ensure that his audience would appreciate each sentence in his dance , petipa usually repeated each at least twice and usually four times .
to [make sure] that his audience would appreciate each sentence in his dance , petipa usually repeated each at least twice and usually four times .

They must , therefore , ensure that the choreographic lines in their design flow through and round the centre of their dancers ' bodies and that limbs and heads move in true coordination .
they must , therefore , [make sure] that the choreographic lines in their design flow through and round the centre of their dancers ' bodies and that limbs and heads move in true coordination .

This is probably the most difficult material to handle because the many characters and nationalities involved in the various available libretti must express themselves as distinctively as they do in real life and the choreographer must try and ensure his design has some semblance of reality if it is to communicate meaning .
this is probably the most difficult material to handle because the many characters and nationalities involved in the various available libretti must express themselves as distinctively as they do in real life and the choreographer must try and [make sure] his design has some semblance of reality if it is to communicate meaning .

Correctly practised such movements ensure that each dancer can perform in many different ways the four vital movements of which the body is capable ( the legs may be turned in or out ) , viz .
correctly practised such movements [make sure] that each dancer can perform in many different ways the four vital movements of which the body is capable ( the legs may be turned in or out ) , viz .

They already know the part they have to play to ensure its success .
they already know the part they have to play to [make sure] its success .

The group activities ensure that each phase of the ceremony is performed according to tradition .
the group activities [make sure] that each phase of the ceremony is performed according to tradition .

The Bill will give the Lord Chancellor the power to ensure that appropriate categories of cases — according to complexity , value and legal importance — are placed before the appropriate court .
the bill will give the lord chancellor the power to [make sure] that appropriate categories of cases — according to complexity , value and legal importance — are placed before the appropriate court .

We seek to ensure progress and stability in every way , as well as the inviolability of the post-war frontiers of all European states .
we seek to [make sure] progress and stability in every way , as well as the inviolability of the post-war frontiers of all european states .

‘ If they are tempted to play the nationalist card to ensure their re-election and counter the far right Republicans , that could make the Soviet Union very uneasy indeed , ’ he went on .
‘ if they are tempted to play the nationalist card to [make sure] their re-election and counter the far right republicans , that could make the soviet union very uneasy indeed , ’ he went on .

There will be considerable pressure on Mr Parkinson to ensure that safety is not compromised by lack of funds , and he has promised that money would be no obstacle to improving safety .
there will be considerable pressure on mr parkinson to [make sure] that safety is not compromised by lack of funds , and he has promised that money would be no obstacle to improving safety .

‘ Two years ago my wife changed to first class to ensure a seat — it 's another £700 — but she still does n't get one .
‘ two years ago my wife changed to first class to [make sure] a seat — it 's another £700 — but she still does n't get one .

She had the majority support of her staff , but decided to leave , to ensure that the position of her husband Jose Azeredo Perdigao would not be jeopardised as the Foundation 's director .
she had the majority support of her staff , but decided to leave , to [make sure] that the position of her husband jose azeredo perdigao would not be jeopardised as the foundation 's director .

The changes will not come into force until 1991 and Lloyd 's stressed that it was attempting to introduce safeguards to ensure the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .
the changes will not come into force until 1991 and lloyd 's stressed that it was attempting to introduce safeguards to [make sure] the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .

Its aim , with the likely support of West Germany and the Commission President , Mr Jacques Delors , will be to ensure that institutions of democratic accountability are developed in parallel with the supra-national instruments of economic and monetary policy-making like the proposed central bank .
its aim , with the likely support of west germany and the commission president , mr jacques delors , will be to [make sure] that institutions of democratic accountability are developed in parallel with the supra-national instruments of economic and monetary policy-making like the proposed central bank .

However , the Italians , currently running an enormous budget deficit , may not be happy with constraints on fiscal policy , while the less-developed nations will want structural reforms to ensure that the major economies do not cream off all the benefits .
however , the italians , currently running an enormous budget deficit , may not be happy with constraints on fiscal policy , while the less-developed nations will want structural reforms to [make sure] that the major economies do not cream off all the benefits .

Police stand guard , not to keep people out but to ensure nothing is taken away as investigators sift through secret files , looking for evidence of official misdeeds .
police stand guard , not to keep people out but to [make sure] nothing is taken away as investigators sift through secret files , looking for evidence of official misdeeds .

Firstly , there could be a tendency to go for the ‘ lowest skill ’ option in the selection of new technology , in order to reduce training costs and to ensure that existing employees can cope .
firstly , there could be a tendency to go for the ‘ lowest skill ’ option in the selection of new technology , in order to reduce training costs and to [make sure] that existing employees can cope .

The changes will not come into force until 1991 and Lloyd 's stressed that it was attempting to introduce safeguards to ensure the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .
the changes will not come into force until 1991 and lloyd 's stressed that it was attempting to introduce safeguards to [make sure] the market 's underwriting standards did not deteroriate .

The stock market 's recent steady performance in the run up to the water issue has helped ensure the success of the flotation .
the stock market 's recent steady performance in the run up to the water issue has helped [make sure] the success of the flotation .

The Law Society would support his aim to ensure , by public demand , an end to unnecessary double-manning .
the law society would support his aim to [make sure] , by public demand , an end to unnecessary double-manning .

It says it wants a fairer system of awarding contracts and also seeks to ensure that the taxpayer , via the Treasury , gets a proper return for the use of a scarce resource .
it says it wants a fairer system of awarding contracts and also seeks to [make sure] that the taxpayer , via the treasury , gets a proper return for the use of a scarce resource .

It claimed it would ensure that money in the health service ‘ followed the patient ’ , which Labour was not opposed to , but in fact the bill meant the patient would have to follow the money and the contracts .
it claimed it would [make sure] that money in the health service ‘ followed the patient ’ , which labour was not opposed to , but in fact the bill meant the patient would have to follow the money and the contracts .

It is intended that care will be taken to ensure that important relics such as the wheels are retained .
it is intended that care will be taken to [make sure] that important relics such as the wheels are retained .

Decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . Will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?
decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to [make sure] that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?

Fitzharrys , John Mason and Larkmead secondary schools in Abingdon pooled their resources to produce a full colour joint prospectus , and plan shared events to ensure that energies are not misdirected in aggressive competition to attract children and parents .
fitzharrys , john mason and larkmead secondary schools in abingdon pooled their resources to produce a full colour joint prospectus , and plan shared events to [make sure] that energies are not misdirected in aggressive competition to attract children and parents .

In general , through the development of the National Curriculum , links across the primary secondary phase have strengthened to ensure curriculum continuity and consistency , joint working parties on teaching and record keeping are common place .
in general , through the development of the national curriculum , links across the primary secondary phase have strengthened to [make sure] curriculum continuity and consistency , joint working parties on teaching and record keeping are common place .

To ensure a sense of achievement it 's best to :
to [make sure] a sense of achievement it 's best to :

ensure that staff , governors and fund raising committee are fully committed to the project from the outset .
[make sure] that staff , governors and fund raising committee are fully committed to the project from the outset .

There is a need on the part of the school to ensure that this is not a hasty decision , that it is in the best interest of the child and that it will not be a decision that parents will either want to reverse or repeat when any problem or difficulty arises .
there is a need on the part of the school to [make sure] that this is not a hasty decision , that it is in the best interest of the child and that it will not be a decision that parents will either want to reverse or repeat when any problem or difficulty arises .

Unfortunately , the war is also likely to ensure that , for the foreseeable future , the major powers will provide part of their military forces with long-range capabilities for rapid deployment .
unfortunately , the war is also likely to [make sure] that , for the foreseeable future , the major powers will provide part of their military forces with long-range capabilities for rapid deployment .

So simply making up the calcium that astronauts excrete may not ensure that it is laid down properly in new bone .
so simply making up the calcium that astronauts excrete may not [make sure] that it is laid down properly in new bone .

If a government wants to impose standards for the efficiency of new buildings , then it must also ensure that the materials are available , and that people are trained to use them .
if a government wants to impose standards for the efficiency of new buildings , then it must also [make sure] that the materials are available , and that people are trained to use them .

He also told his son that the only reason that he had remained in Salzburg was to ensure that his wife had a pension after his death :
he also told his son that the only reason that he had remained in salzburg was to [make sure] that his wife had a pension after his death :

The turbine will run mainly during the winter months when the heavy rainfalls in the area ensure an abundance of fast flowing water , and it is hoped that electricity generation will start in 1991 .
the turbine will run mainly during the winter months when the heavy rainfalls in the area [make sure] an abundance of fast flowing water , and it is hoped that electricity generation will start in 1991 .

It is possible to reduce the possibility of having a mentally handicapped child to an absolute minimum ; by checking out any possible chromosomal problems in early tests , taking great care during the period of pregnancy to ensure that no actions will affect the foetus , ensuring high standards of medical care , and conceiving the child at the most appropriate age .
it is possible to reduce the possibility of having a mentally handicapped child to an absolute minimum ; by checking out any possible chromosomal problems in early tests , taking great care during the period of pregnancy to [make sure] that no actions will affect the foetus , ensuring high standards of medical care , and conceiving the child at the most appropriate age .

Tertiary prevention will help to ensure that the newly-born child is not put at risk of becoming handicapped during the early period of his or her life .
tertiary prevention will help to [make sure] that the newly-born child is not put at risk of becoming handicapped during the early period of his or her life .

Such measures will ensure that the child is carried successfully and born in a healthy condition .
such measures will [make sure] that the child is carried successfully and born in a healthy condition .

It is of course idealistic to assume that all mothers will do everything they possibly can to ensure that the child-bearing period is a success ; such is not human nature .
it is of course idealistic to assume that all mothers will do everything they possibly can to [make sure] that the child-bearing period is a success ; such is not human nature .

Preventive efforts can , however , be made to ensure that the mother is aware of the problems of certain courses of action ; that high standards of care are in operation throughout the process ; that the necessary steps are taken to combat the incidence of infection and disease which may affect a healthy foetus , and that nutritional standards are sufficiently high .
preventive efforts can , however , be made to [make sure] that the mother is aware of the problems of certain courses of action ; that high standards of care are in operation throughout the process ; that the necessary steps are taken to combat the incidence of infection and disease which may affect a healthy foetus , and that nutritional standards are sufficiently high .

True prevention is thus to ensure that women are immunised against diseases which can cause mental handicap in the foetus long before they plan to conceive .
true prevention is thus to [make sure] that women are immunised against diseases which can cause mental handicap in the foetus long before they plan to conceive .

Ian Kennedy , Reader in Law at King 's College , London , who gave the 1980 Reith lecture on medical ethics , felt that firmer legal guidelines were required to ensure that handicapped babies were not left to die , and that the decision could not be left to parents and doctors .
ian kennedy , reader in law at king 's college , london , who gave the 1980 reith lecture on medical ethics , felt that firmer legal guidelines were required to [make sure] that handicapped babies were not left to die , and that the decision could not be left to parents and doctors .

Parents strive to ensure that their children are placed in the best possible schools , follow with avid interest their educational attainments , often placing the children under great pressure if they are relatively unsuccessful .
parents strive to [make sure] that their children are placed in the best possible schools , follow with avid interest their educational attainments , often placing the children under great pressure if they are relatively unsuccessful .

Although it will never attain real equality , a democratic society will seek to ensure that there is a redistribution in wealth through taxation which funds the services which provide help to those that need it .
although it will never attain real equality , a democratic society will seek to [make sure] that there is a redistribution in wealth through taxation which funds the services which provide help to those that need it .

Even if the rights being asserted are in reality a reflection of parental responsibility to ensure that children receive a suitable education ( although there is inevitably dispute between parent and state about the meaning of ‘ suitable ’ in this context ) , such responsibility gives rise to a considerable amount of power and authority .
even if the rights being asserted are in reality a reflection of parental responsibility to [make sure] that children receive a suitable education ( although there is inevitably dispute between parent and state about the meaning of ‘ suitable ’ in this context ) , such responsibility gives rise to a considerable amount of power and authority .

In law , a parent is required by section 36 of the Education Act 1944 to ensure that his/her child of compulsory school age ( 5–16 years ) receives ‘ efficient full-time education , suitable to his age , ability and aptitude , either by regular attendance at school or otherwise ’ .
in law , a parent is required by section 36 of the education act 1944 to [make sure] that his/her child of compulsory school age ( 5–16 years ) receives ‘ efficient full-time education , suitable to his age , ability and aptitude , either by regular attendance at school or otherwise ’ .

Leaving aside the possibility of the parental duty being satisfied by the child being efficiently ( and so on ) educated ‘ otherwise ’ than at school , in view of its relative practical insignificance , parents are under a legal obligation to ensure both that the child receives a proper education and , if registered at school , that s/he attends regularly ( Education Act 1944 , section 39 ) .
leaving aside the possibility of the parental duty being satisfied by the child being efficiently ( and so on ) educated ‘ otherwise ’ than at school , in view of its relative practical insignificance , parents are under a legal obligation to [make sure] both that the child receives a proper education and , if registered at school , that s/he attends regularly ( education act 1944 , section 39 ) .

The findings of a major study in Sheffield between 1976 and 1978 lent ‘ no support to the view that formal action encourages parents to ensure that their children attend more regularly in the future ’ .
the findings of a major study in sheffield between 1976 and 1978 lent ‘ no support to the view that formal action encourages parents to [make sure] that their children attend more regularly in the future ’ .

The school has a duty ( which rests with the governors ) to identify pupils with special educational needs and to ensure that appropriate provision is made .
the school has a duty ( which rests with the governors ) to identify pupils with special educational needs and to [make sure] that appropriate provision is made .

If the record is computerised , the Data Protection Act 1984 does not give any right to the subject to ensure disclosure .
if the record is computerised , the data protection act 1984 does not give any right to the subject to [make sure] disclosure .

The governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written request , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from September 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .
the governors are under a duty to [make sure] that , on receipt of a written request , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from september 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .

Thus the Regulations aim to ensure that useful information will be passed on but possibly prejudicial information will not .
thus the regulations aim to [make sure] that useful information will be passed on but possibly prejudicial information will not .

It can not exactly be ascribed as a right of the pupil , however , since he can not ensure that the other schools and so on ask for the record .
it can not exactly be ascribed as a right of the pupil , however , since he can not [make sure] that the other schools and so on ask for the record .

In this regard reference may ‘ within the programmes of study teachers will be free to determine the detail of what should be taught ’ , although it urged teachers to prepare schemes of work to ensure consistency within a school .
in this regard reference may ‘ within the programmes of study teachers will be free to determine the detail of what should be taught ’ , although it urged teachers to prepare schemes of work to [make sure] consistency within a school .

The Commission likes to play a positive , enabling role , working with schools and LEAs to ensure that best practice is adopted and that , once it has been identified , illegal practice is replaced in line with the Commission 's recommendations .
the commission likes to play a positive , enabling role , working with schools and leas to [make sure] that best practice is adopted and that , once it has been identified , illegal practice is replaced in line with the commission 's recommendations .

The governors ' policy will be relevant : the 1986 Act requires the head teacher to ensure that there is compliance with the governors ' policy statement on sex education at the school .
the governors ' policy will be relevant : the 1986 act requires the head teacher to [make sure] that there is compliance with the governors ' policy statement on sex education at the school .

These bodies are also required to ensure that pupils at primary and secondary schools are offered a ‘ balanced presentation of opposing views ’ when political issues are brought to their attention at school or during extracurricular activities organised by or on behalf of the school ( section 45 ) .
these bodies are also required to [make sure] that pupils at primary and secondary schools are offered a ‘ balanced presentation of opposing views ’ when political issues are brought to their attention at school or during extracurricular activities organised by or on behalf of the school ( section 45 ) .

The Elton Committee recommended that the head teacher should take the lead in defining the aims of the school in relation to standards of behaviour , create the conditions for establishing the widest possible measure of agreement on these standards and how they will be achieved , and ensure that these standards are consistently applied throughout the school .
the elton committee recommended that the head teacher should take the lead in defining the aims of the school in relation to standards of behaviour , create the conditions for establishing the widest possible measure of agreement on these standards and how they will be achieved , and [make sure] that these standards are consistently applied throughout the school .

If teachers are to be expected to put the policy into practice , head teachers must ensure that teachers ' views are taken into account , as well as those of the governors — with whose general statement of principles on discipline within the school the head is legally obliged to comply .
if teachers are to be expected to put the policy into practice , head teachers must [make sure] that teachers ' views are taken into account , as well as those of the governors — with whose general statement of principles on discipline within the school the head is legally obliged to comply .

The fundamental flaw in Maxwell Fyfe 's directive is that , though it is admirable in theory , there is no supervisory machinery to ensure that it is carried out .
the fundamental flaw in maxwell fyfe 's directive is that , though it is admirable in theory , there is no supervisory machinery to [make sure] that it is carried out .

One of the first things Reagan did upon becoming president was to name Iran as an enemy of America and to ensure that no trade of any kind went on between the two countries , either directly or indirectly , imposing draconian penalties for anyone caught doing so .
one of the first things reagan did upon becoming president was to name iran as an enemy of america and to [make sure] that no trade of any kind went on between the two countries , either directly or indirectly , imposing draconian penalties for anyone caught doing so .

As to Mrs. Leapor 's dramatic writings , it would not be overrating their merit to say that much worse plays have succeeded on the stage : yet it is probable her Unhappy Father would not have pleased in the acting . She seems to have been too ignorant of , or to have too little regard to , those rules of the drama , and that happy management of plot and catastrophe , which often ensure success to poetry and sentiments much inferior to her own
as to mrs. leapor 's dramatic writings , it would not be overrating their merit to say that much worse plays have succeeded on the stage : yet it is probable her unhappy father would not have pleased in the acting . she seems to have been too ignorant of , or to have too little regard to , those rules of the drama , and that happy management of plot and catastrophe , which often [make sure] success to poetry and sentiments much inferior to her own

He emphasised the consequent need for schools to ensure that adequate opportunities were provided for improving accomplishments in speaking and listening .
he emphasised the consequent need for schools to [make sure] that adequate opportunities were provided for improving accomplishments in speaking and listening .

Teaching should cover a range of rich and stimulating texts , both fiction and non-fiction , and should ensure that pupils regularly hear stories , told or read aloud , and hear and share poetry read by the teacher , and each other .
teaching should cover a range of rich and stimulating texts , both fiction and non-fiction , and should [make sure] that pupils regularly hear stories , told or read aloud , and hear and share poetry read by the teacher , and each other .

16.23 ( i ) Activities should ensure that pupils :
16.23 ( i ) activities should [make sure] that pupils :

Language experiences which will ensure this are set out in the programmes of study .
language experiences which will [make sure] this are set out in the programmes of study .

‘ Well , we must ensure that he does not get to know .
‘ well , we must [make sure] that he does not get to know .

• if you buy , get good quality to ensure the child gets a good sound
• if you buy , get good quality to [make sure] the child gets a good sound

In the 1957 parliamentary elections , Chamoun 's supporters claimed that the opposition were in reality Nasser 's candidates ; political constituencies were gerrymandered to ensure that Saeb Salam , the most prominent Sunni leader in Beirut , and Kamal Jumblatt , the Druze leader in the Chouf , were defeated .
in the 1957 parliamentary elections , chamoun 's supporters claimed that the opposition were in reality nasser 's candidates ; political constituencies were gerrymandered to [make sure] that saeb salam , the most prominent sunni leader in beirut , and kamal jumblatt , the druze leader in the chouf , were defeated .

Their principal characteristics were a declared love of Lebanon , a publicly expressed desire to respect the National Covenant and a ruthless determination to ensure that their power was passed on to their sons .
their principal characteristics were a declared love of lebanon , a publicly expressed desire to respect the national covenant and a ruthless determination to [make sure] that their power was passed on to their sons .

One of the main goals of governmental authority , which is lexically prior to any other , is to ensure for all persons an equal ability to pursue in their lives and promote in their societies any ideal of the good of their choosing .
one of the main goals of governmental authority , which is lexically prior to any other , is to [make sure] for all persons an equal ability to pursue in their lives and promote in their societies any ideal of the good of their choosing .

They are not excluded , as is knowledge of the particular circumstances of each participant 's life , in order to ensure that choice in the original position represents people 's nature .
they are not excluded , as is knowledge of the particular circumstances of each participant 's life , in order to [make sure] that choice in the original position represents people 's nature .

Flowers concluded with a much-quoted dictum : ‘ There should be no commitment to a large programme of nuclear fission power until it has been demonstrated beyond reasonable doubt that a method exists to ensure the safe containment of long-lived , highly radioactive waste for the indefinite future .
flowers concluded with a much-quoted dictum : ‘ there should be no commitment to a large programme of nuclear fission power until it has been demonstrated beyond reasonable doubt that a method exists to [make sure] the safe containment of long-lived , highly radioactive waste for the indefinite future .

But unless we could ensure that the voice of the people — fresh , urgent and heartfelt — somehow entered the hallowed inquiry chamber , with its unwritten rules and legalistic jargon , we would get stuck in a morass of procedure and paperwork where only the strong , and barristers , could possibly survive .
but unless we could [make sure] that the voice of the people — fresh , urgent and heartfelt — somehow entered the hallowed inquiry chamber , with its unwritten rules and legalistic jargon , we would get stuck in a morass of procedure and paperwork where only the strong , and barristers , could possibly survive .

There can be no serious defensible pedigrees here ( even if we could decide what characteristics had to be inherited to ensure pure descent ) .
there can be no serious defensible pedigrees here ( even if we could decide what characteristics had to be inherited to [make sure] pure descent ) .

France created a powerful centralized bureaucracy to override local power and ensure a direct supply of resources to sustain the armies of the Crown ; England 's monarchy was dependent upon a gentry that supplied the armed forces , administered local justice , sat in Parliament and paid the taxes upon which the royal armies depended .
france created a powerful centralized bureaucracy to override local power and [make sure] a direct supply of resources to sustain the armies of the crown ; england 's monarchy was dependent upon a gentry that supplied the armed forces , administered local justice , sat in parliament and paid the taxes upon which the royal armies depended .

Second , the affirmation of the right was to ensure that the unification of different peoples was voluntary , part of a well-founded democracy and ensuring the equality of nations at a particular stage in Russian history , the bourgeois revolution .
second , the affirmation of the right was to [make sure] that the unification of different peoples was voluntary , part of a well-founded democracy and ensuring the equality of nations at a particular stage in russian history , the bourgeois revolution .

we must immediately satisfy the demands of the Ukrainians and the Finns , ensure them , as well as all other non-Russian nationalities in Russia , full freedom , including freedom of secession , applying the same to Armenia , undertaking to evacuate that country as well as the Turkish lands occupied by us .
we must immediately satisfy the demands of the ukrainians and the finns , [make sure] them , as well as all other non-russian nationalities in russia , full freedom , including freedom of secession , applying the same to armenia , undertaking to evacuate that country as well as the turkish lands occupied by us .

The priority was to neutralize the borderlands against the Whites and foreign intervention , to ensure the military security of the Republic .
the priority was to neutralize the borderlands against the whites and foreign intervention , to [make sure] the military security of the republic .

Provided the Soviet regime could ensure its short-term survival , there would be time for the German revolution to bring political and material relief to the Soviet federation .
provided the soviet regime could [make sure] its short-term survival , there would be time for the german revolution to bring political and material relief to the soviet federation .

Normally , as at the 1988 Billabong when Lynch went on to win , that would be enough to ensure his automatic exit .
normally , as at the 1988 billabong when lynch went on to win , that would be enough to [make sure] his automatic exit .

The payroll vote ( those members of the Government who sit in the two Houses ) , back-bench ambition , and the vigilance of the Whips ' Office ensure that executive will invariably prevails .
the payroll vote ( those members of the government who sit in the two houses ) , back-bench ambition , and the vigilance of the whips ' office [make sure] that executive will invariably prevails .

The Authority was less successful in its attempt to ensure that disciplinary proceedings were brought against a detective superintendent , whose early retirement from the Metropolitan Police in 1989 meant that he avoided questions about his links with drug smuggling and criminal gangs , queries that had arisen after a World in Action television programme which had made serious allegations about corruption in the London police .
the authority was less successful in its attempt to [make sure] that disciplinary proceedings were brought against a detective superintendent , whose early retirement from the metropolitan police in 1989 meant that he avoided questions about his links with drug smuggling and criminal gangs , queries that had arisen after a world in action television programme which had made serious allegations about corruption in the london police .

The law sets out a variety of safeguards to ensure that suspects are not unfairly or harshly treated when they are detained for questioning .
the law sets out a variety of safeguards to [make sure] that suspects are not unfairly or harshly treated when they are detained for questioning .

Successive Secretaries of State have stated that only by the unvarying observance of this practice is it possible to ensure that in no circumstances is anything said or not said which , by comparison with what was said on a different occasion , might imply that a warrant had or had not been issued .
successive secretaries of state have stated that only by the unvarying observance of this practice is it possible to [make sure] that in no circumstances is anything said or not said which , by comparison with what was said on a different occasion , might imply that a warrant had or had not been issued .

The Court continued by asserting that the nature of the right to privacy must be such as to ensure the dignity and freedom of an individual in the type of society envisaged by the constitution , namely , ‘ a sovereign , independent and democratic society ’ .
the court continued by asserting that the nature of the right to privacy must be such as to [make sure] the dignity and freedom of an individual in the type of society envisaged by the constitution , namely , ‘ a sovereign , independent and democratic society ’ .

Because of the hostile elements facing farmers in the wetlands , mutual cooperation was essential , both in sharing the upkeep of flood-banks and drains and in administering a system of checks and balances to ensure that each person got a fair deal out of the common pasture .
because of the hostile elements facing farmers in the wetlands , mutual cooperation was essential , both in sharing the upkeep of flood-banks and drains and in administering a system of checks and balances to [make sure] that each person got a fair deal out of the common pasture .

Stocking on some fen commons took place no earlier than old May Day , to ensure against overgrazing .
stocking on some fen commons took place no earlier than old may day , to [make sure] against overgrazing .

Live plucking was normal practice by the commoners , in order to ensure quills of the best quality .
live plucking was normal practice by the commoners , in order to [make sure] quills of the best quality .

This will ultimately ensure that , without further intervention , there will also be more uniform provision in the primary schools .
this will ultimately [make sure] that , without further intervention , there will also be more uniform provision in the primary schools .

Even extremists of the 1960s , who believed that the task of a school was to ensure that children enjoyed themselves while they were pupils , must have had in mind , as well , some further outcome , some advantage that would flow in the long run to the children who had been encouraged , under that regime , to ‘ grow ’ and ‘ blossom ’ and ‘ flourish ’ in the ‘ learning situation ’ provided by the class-room .
even extremists of the 1960s , who believed that the task of a school was to [make sure] that children enjoyed themselves while they were pupils , must have had in mind , as well , some further outcome , some advantage that would flow in the long run to the children who had been encouraged , under that regime , to ‘ grow ’ and ‘ blossom ’ and ‘ flourish ’ in the ‘ learning situation ’ provided by the class-room .

But the intention of practical English must be to ensure an understanding of what is read , not necessarily an appreciation of those aspects of it that would appeal especially to literary critics or literary historians .
but the intention of practical english must be to [make sure] an understanding of what is read , not necessarily an appreciation of those aspects of it that would appeal especially to literary critics or literary historians .

Special care must be taken to ensure that the environment is safe for the patient to move about in .
special care must be taken to [make sure] that the environment is safe for the patient to move about in .

If the patient is very heavy , or the carer can not manage for some other reason , the patient 's moves during the day have to be carefully planned in advance , to ensure that two people can always be present .
if the patient is very heavy , or the carer can not manage for some other reason , the patient 's moves during the day have to be carefully planned in advance , to [make sure] that two people can always be present .

It may seem easier if you remember that all parents have to do just this when they change a baby 's nappies , wipe the baby 's bottom , and ensure it is clean and dry .
it may seem easier if you remember that all parents have to do just this when they change a baby 's nappies , wipe the baby 's bottom , and [make sure] it is clean and dry .

The carer must ensure that the patient is cleaned thoroughly when he has finished .
the carer must [make sure] that the patient is cleaned thoroughly when he has finished .

She stopped trying to move herself voluntarily , and relied on nurses to move her arm and leg for her , so that their task was to ensure that she was always correctly positioned in relation to her spasticity , after they had performed the normal nursing duties of bathing her and helping her on and off the commode .
she stopped trying to move herself voluntarily , and relied on nurses to move her arm and leg for her , so that their task was to [make sure] that she was always correctly positioned in relation to her spasticity , after they had performed the normal nursing duties of bathing her and helping her on and off the commode .

In the vocabulary of people in the retail trade , equipment means wallets being emptied into tills , especially if the purchase of that equipment is the only thing that will ensure they will live to come back and buy more .
in the vocabulary of people in the retail trade , equipment means wallets being emptied into tills , especially if the purchase of that equipment is the only thing that will [make sure] they will live to come back and buy more .

Although Hardy went to London with high ambitions , he found that winning prizes — the silver medal of the [ Royal ] Institute of British Architects , and the William Tite prize for a country house design in 1863 — did not in itself ensure advancement .
although hardy went to london with high ambitions , he found that winning prizes — the silver medal of the [ royal ] institute of british architects , and the william tite prize for a country house design in 1863 — did not in itself [make sure] advancement .

It follows that a just society must set its policies and write its laws to ensure that everyone , beginning with the least advantaged and most vulnerable , has an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net resources allocated to health .
it follows that a just society must set its policies and write its laws to [make sure] that everyone , beginning with the least advantaged and most vulnerable , has an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net resources allocated to health .

The final stage in the exercise would be to ensure that whatever resources were made available , they were not dissipated , but concentrated in special units .
the final stage in the exercise would be to [make sure] that whatever resources were made available , they were not dissipated , but concentrated in special units .

This will ensure that the market-place of ideas , which politicians watch so closely , will have all , and not just a few , stall-holders of the truth .
this will [make sure] that the market-place of ideas , which politicians watch so closely , will have all , and not just a few , stall-holders of the truth .

The law or , more correctly stated , those who make the law , have a corresponding obligation to ensure that the principles and rules laid down meet certain criteria .
the law or , more correctly stated , those who make the law , have a corresponding obligation to [make sure] that the principles and rules laid down meet certain criteria .

The surveyor should ensure that his inspection is carried out so as to avoid damage to contents and to the property .
the surveyor should [make sure] that his inspection is carried out so as to avoid damage to contents and to the property .

Every surveyor develops his own sequence of inspection to ensure that all relevant parts of the property are examined closely and that their inter-relationship is considered ; his system will probably be similar to that described in more detail in Chapter 7 .
every surveyor develops his own sequence of inspection to [make sure] that all relevant parts of the property are examined closely and that their inter-relationship is considered ; his system will probably be similar to that described in more detail in chapter 7 .

It is essential to locate the dpc to ensure it really is at least 6in ( 15cm ) above ground level and has not been submerged below paving , flower beds , piles of rubbish or suchlike .
it is essential to locate the dpc to [make sure] it really is at least 6in ( 15cm ) above ground level and has not been submerged below paving , flower beds , piles of rubbish or suchlike .

Builders should ensure that the ‘ vapour barrier ’ is intact , but in practice it never is .
builders should [make sure] that the ‘ vapour barrier ’ is intact , but in practice it never is .

Most drains and sewers perform their task by gravity flow , and to ensure that the pipes are self-cleansing they should flow at about 1.5 metres per second .
most drains and sewers perform their task by gravity flow , and to [make sure] that the pipes are self-cleansing they should flow at about 1.5 metres per second .

And remember , in accordance with the Public Health Act 1936 , amended in 1961 , it is the duty of every water authority to ensure that all supplies are clean , clear , inodorous , wholesome and palatable !
and remember , in accordance with the public health act 1936 , amended in 1961 , it is the duty of every water authority to [make sure] that all supplies are clean , clear , inodorous , wholesome and palatable !

He went to Liverpool before the trip and checked hotel accommodation and restaurants to ensure that his 350 excursionists had the best possible service .
he went to liverpool before the trip and checked hotel accommodation and restaurants to [make sure] that his 350 excursionists had the best possible service .

Despite its technological sophistication , the use of this elaborate clock was essentially astrological , the object apparently being to ensure that the positions of the celestial bodies would be known even if the Heavens were cloudy when any of the Emperor 's wives or concubines produced offspring .
despite its technological sophistication , the use of this elaborate clock was essentially astrological , the object apparently being to [make sure] that the positions of the celestial bodies would be known even if the heavens were cloudy when any of the emperor 's wives or concubines produced offspring .

It is the duty of us all to ensure that an entire cultural group is not tainted by the actions of a criminal minority .
it is the duty of us all to [make sure] that an entire cultural group is not tainted by the actions of a criminal minority .

Umpires are even empowered to use their own initiative to ensure that a game reaches an equitable outcome .
umpires are even empowered to use their own initiative to [make sure] that a game reaches an equitable outcome .

Allowing play to continue for an hour if such time has been lost during the day is splendid ; but the idea must be extended to ensure that any time lost up to that hour is added on .
allowing play to continue for an hour if such time has been lost during the day is splendid ; but the idea must be extended to [make sure] that any time lost up to that hour is added on .

There is no efficient safeguard to ensure you will not find such a person loitering in your entrance hall when you come home .
there is no efficient safeguard to [make sure] you will not find such a person loitering in your entrance hall when you come home .

Ensure that all your gas appliances are regularly serviced .
[make sure] that all your gas appliances are regularly serviced .

They do , however , need to be tested at monthly intervals to ensure that the batteries are still active .
they do , however , need to be tested at monthly intervals to [make sure] that the batteries are still active .

If there is any crisis that requires your return this will ensure that they will be able to contact you .
if there is any crisis that requires your return this will [make sure] that they will be able to contact you .

In it he details the myriad ways in which the Queen and her advisers ensure that her wealth escapes any form of taxation .
in it he details the myriad ways in which the queen and her advisers [make sure] that her wealth escapes any form of taxation .

This means that data users , when they register , must state all the purposes for which the data are likely to be used , and they must then ensure that they do not use the data in any other ways .
this means that data users , when they register , must state all the purposes for which the data are likely to be used , and they must then [make sure] that they do not use the data in any other ways .

The sixth principle , that ‘ personal data held for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes ’ , follows from its predecessors and places a heavy responsibility on data users to ensure that they regularly weed out data once it has served its purpose .
the sixth principle , that ‘ personal data held for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes ’ , follows from its predecessors and places a heavy responsibility on data users to [make sure] that they regularly weed out data once it has served its purpose .

The Data Protection Act was not designed to curb the development of automated data systems , but to ensure good practice on the part of users , and to give data subjects the right to interrogate users .
the data protection act was not designed to curb the development of automated data systems , but to [make sure] good practice on the part of users , and to give data subjects the right to interrogate users .

Those whose task it is to lay down the law on matters of ethics and morality need to ensure that their views are based on a wide knowledge of human institutions and their history .
those whose task it is to lay down the law on matters of ethics and morality need to [make sure] that their views are based on a wide knowledge of human institutions and their history .

Because of that , it is important that we take the right steps at the right time to ensure the right results .
because of that , it is important that we take the right steps at the right time to [make sure] the right results .

But there are loopholes within the Montreal Protocol which must be tightened up to ensure maximum benefit .
but there are loopholes within the montreal protocol which must be tightened up to [make sure] maximum benefit .

ensure that further help is given to developing countries who will greatly benefit from new ‘ ozone friendly ’ technology
[make sure] that further help is given to developing countries who will greatly benefit from new ‘ ozone friendly ’ technology

when buying paper products opt for those made with recycled paper , ie toilet paper , stationery , tissues . Ensure that the newspapers you buy are printed on recycled paper
when buying paper products opt for those made with recycled paper , ie toilet paper , stationery , tissues . [make sure] that the newspapers you buy are printed on recycled paper

An equally important aim is to ensure that the planning system continues to protect and enhance the environment .
an equally important aim is to [make sure] that the planning system continues to protect and enhance the environment .

They ensure we have nutritious and appealing food all year round .
they [make sure] we have nutritious and appealing food all year round .

Canning , freezing , drying , irradiation and the addition of preservatives , both natural and chemical , are just some of the methods available today to ensure availability of food .
canning , freezing , drying , irradiation and the addition of preservatives , both natural and chemical , are just some of the methods available today to [make sure] availability of food .

While it may be very pleasant to eat strawberries in December , it is perhaps worth remembering the energy used to transport these luxuries from abroad , the extra fungicides and pesticides used to ensure that during the journey they do not deteriorate , and the fact that though the strawberries may appear fresh , they have probably been shipped thousands of miles and kept in cold storage for months .
while it may be very pleasant to eat strawberries in december , it is perhaps worth remembering the energy used to transport these luxuries from abroad , the extra fungicides and pesticides used to [make sure] that during the journey they do not deteriorate , and the fact that though the strawberries may appear fresh , they have probably been shipped thousands of miles and kept in cold storage for months .

make it easier to ensure that your application form/letter underlines what suits you to the job . You will then have a better chance of getting through to the interview stage ;
make it easier to [make sure] that your application form/letter underlines what suits you to the job . you will then have a better chance of getting through to the interview stage ;

You can then check through before the interview to ensure that you are consistent in what you say about yourself .
you can then check through before the interview to [make sure] that you are consistent in what you say about yourself .

The aim of all the preparation and information gathering prior to the interview is to ensure :
the aim of all the preparation and information gathering prior to the interview is to [make sure] :

It will alienate the interviewer if you seem mainly concerned to ensure your holiday will not have to be cancelled or that you will be eligible for the next pay rise .
it will alienate the interviewer if you seem mainly concerned to [make sure] your holiday will not have to be cancelled or that you will be eligible for the next pay rise .

Ensure a relaxed environment
[make sure] a relaxed environment

Ensure that candidates are expected and greeted
[make sure] that candidates are expected and greeted

This makes a mockery of the idea that panel interviews ensure a wide range of expertise .
this makes a mockery of the idea that panel interviews [make sure] a wide range of expertise .

The candidates themselves may have to commit more time to the interview selection process ; the interviewers will have to ensure they leave enough time for discussion between themselves as well as making their own post-interview notes ; time will have to be set aside for the interviewers to meet and finalize their decision .
the candidates themselves may have to commit more time to the interview selection process ; the interviewers will have to [make sure] they leave enough time for discussion between themselves as well as making their own post-interview notes ; time will have to be set aside for the interviewers to meet and finalize their decision .

If you want to make the most out of your interviews with professional people , ensure that they will be prepared to take you seriously because they know you have not been a time-waster in the past .
if you want to make the most out of your interviews with professional people , [make sure] that they will be prepared to take you seriously because they know you have not been a time-waster in the past .

As well as defining what you want and making a list of questions there are several additional steps you can take to ensure you get the best possible results from your appointment with a general practitioner .
as well as defining what you want and making a list of questions there are several additional steps you can take to [make sure] you get the best possible results from your appointment with a general practitioner .

Either : place the pears in the saucepan with the boiled wine mixture and simmer for 10–15 minutes , turning the pears carefully from time to time to ensure even colouring .
either : place the pears in the saucepan with the boiled wine mixture and simmer for 10–15 minutes , turning the pears carefully from time to time to [make sure] even colouring .

Keep turning the fruit to ensure even flavouring .
keep turning the fruit to [make sure] even flavouring .

For stamina we need a good circulation in the heart muscle and the other muscles of the body to ensure that oxygen reaches the parts that particularly need it .
for stamina we need a good circulation in the heart muscle and the other muscles of the body to [make sure] that oxygen reaches the parts that particularly need it .

Since our bodies can not make minerals , a daily balanced supply must be obtained to ensure good health .
since our bodies can not make minerals , a daily balanced supply must be obtained to [make sure] good health .

you may want to ensure that they do n't carry on sniffing . But it may be difficult to stop a determined sniffer
you may want to [make sure] that they do n't carry on sniffing . but it may be difficult to stop a determined sniffer

Just how safe is our food ? What is the Government or anyone else doing to ensure that the food we buy is safe , and what can you , the consumer , do to help matters ?
just how safe is our food ? what is the government or anyone else doing to [make sure] that the food we buy is safe , and what can you , the consumer , do to help matters ?

It was as if their covenant was both to keep the problem alive and yet to ensure they did nothing about it .
it was as if their covenant was both to keep the problem alive and yet to [make sure] they did nothing about it .

With their statutory origins in the 1980 Local Government Planning and Land Act , UDCs are designed to bring land and buildings into effective use , encourage the development of new and existing commerce , create an attractive environment and ensure that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .
with their statutory origins in the 1980 local government planning and land act , udcs are designed to bring land and buildings into effective use , encourage the development of new and existing commerce , create an attractive environment and [make sure] that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .

Whilst this partnership should ensure that social housing provision does not simply remain a well-intentioned plan , two cautionary notes about social housing provision generally need sounding .
whilst this partnership should [make sure] that social housing provision does not simply remain a well-intentioned plan , two cautionary notes about social housing provision generally need sounding .

However , unlike housing co-operative and housing association development , the targeted mechanisms to ensure community led economic development are less formalised and fail systematically to bridge critical funding and support gaps in the economic development process .
however , unlike housing co-operative and housing association development , the targeted mechanisms to [make sure] community led economic development are less formalised and fail systematically to bridge critical funding and support gaps in the economic development process .

Regardless of how diverse the local population or economy is in each neighbourhood , the neighbourhood planner has not sought to ensure even representation and , indeed , in most cases representation did not reflect the local socio-economic profiles .
regardless of how diverse the local population or economy is in each neighbourhood , the neighbourhood planner has not sought to [make sure] even representation and , indeed , in most cases representation did not reflect the local socio-economic profiles .

The inquiry will examine every aspect of the polls such as questionnaires , response rates and the effect of the ‘ do n't knows ’ to ensure the ‘ high standards and reputation ’ of the industry are maintained .
the inquiry will examine every aspect of the polls such as questionnaires , response rates and the effect of the ‘ do n't knows ’ to [make sure] the ‘ high standards and reputation ’ of the industry are maintained .

‘ We have to ensure both the trade and consumer realise Carlton is the new London weekday station .
‘ we have to [make sure] both the trade and consumer realise carlton is the new london weekday station .

He was told to go up to Cambridge , despite a shortfall of £60 in his funds , and that his college would do its utmost to ensure that he could carry on with his studies .
he was told to go up to cambridge , despite a shortfall of £60 in his funds , and that his college would do its utmost to [make sure] that he could carry on with his studies .

‘ There was neither time nor machinery ’ , wrote Dorothy Hardisty , ‘ to ensure that each child was placed in the right religious environment . ’
‘ there was neither time nor machinery ’ , wrote dorothy hardisty , ‘ to [make sure] that each child was placed in the right religious environment . ’

Ensure you use the correct fitting kit for your make and model of car seat .
[make sure] you use the correct fitting kit for your make and model of car seat .

Ensure that your child restraint is fitted in your car in accordance with the manufacturers instructions .
[make sure] that your child restraint is fitted in your car in accordance with the manufacturers instructions .

Always ensure that your child is properly restrained in the car on every trip .
always [make sure] that your child is properly restrained in the car on every trip .

Armbands have velcro adjustment to ensure correct fit .
armbands have velcro adjustment to [make sure] correct fit .

To ensure that it earns maximum profit , the firm must only employ workers who add more to revenue than to cost .
to [make sure] that it earns maximum profit , the firm must only employ workers who add more to revenue than to cost .

The prices obtained are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an attempt is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .
the prices obtained are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an attempt is made to [make sure] that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .

Thus , the Chancellor of the Exchequer has to make a special effort in every budget to ensure that tax rates ( or thresholds ) are adjusted in line with inflation — unless , of course , he particularly wishes to increase the tax burden of these groups as part of his economic strategy .
thus , the chancellor of the exchequer has to make a special effort in every budget to [make sure] that tax rates ( or thresholds ) are adjusted in line with inflation — unless , of course , he particularly wishes to increase the tax burden of these groups as part of his economic strategy .

As a long-term contributor to the feature we have always taken pains to ensure that the rates we have quoted have been correct at the time of the survey ( usually December ) .
as a long-term contributor to the feature we have always taken pains to [make sure] that the rates we have quoted have been correct at the time of the survey ( usually december ) .

The provision of the equipment does not ensure the mathematical experience , but can create opportunity for it .
the provision of the equipment does not [make sure] the mathematical experience , but can create opportunity for it .

However , this does not necessarily ensure that in practice ‘ the allocation of [ training ] responsibilities , which will be different in every organisation , [ will be ] clear and unambiguous ’ , or that the training will be planned and implemented , systematically and uniformly .
however , this does not necessarily [make sure] that in practice ‘ the allocation of [ training ] responsibilities , which will be different in every organisation , [ will be ] clear and unambiguous ’ , or that the training will be planned and implemented , systematically and uniformly .

‘ To send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration ‘ … ‘ Training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff ’ … ‘ We would wish to ensure that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes ’ .
‘ to send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration ‘ … ‘ training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff ’ … ‘ we would wish to [make sure] that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes ’ .

Unless needs are clearly identified , it is difficult to proceed to the next stage in the ‘ training cycle ’ : planning a programme to ensure that effective use is made of available resources .
unless needs are clearly identified , it is difficult to proceed to the next stage in the ‘ training cycle ’ : planning a programme to [make sure] that effective use is made of available resources .

‘ Develop a more comprehensive policy and programme ’ … ‘ Second priority ( after a full-time training officer ) would be the development of a more complete training strategy ’ … ‘ Develop more comprehensive programmes for personal development of all staff , ensure adequate recording and controlling systems ’ … ‘ The training , whilst extensive , needs pulling together more and aims and objectives in some cases need to be redefined ’ … ‘ Plan to institute formal training programmes for all staff with system of record keeping and control by designated senior librarian ’ … ‘ By creating structured programmes for different types of levels of staff ’ .
‘ develop a more comprehensive policy and programme ’ … ‘ second priority ( after a full-time training officer ) would be the development of a more complete training strategy ’ … ‘ develop more comprehensive programmes for personal development of all staff , [make sure] adequate recording and controlling systems ’ … ‘ the training , whilst extensive , needs pulling together more and aims and objectives in some cases need to be redefined ’ … ‘ plan to institute formal training programmes for all staff with system of record keeping and control by designated senior librarian ’ … ‘ by creating structured programmes for different types of levels of staff ’ .

Firstly , as needs are not static , improved liaison between suppliers and users could prove to be the best way to ensure a close match between future supply of , and demand for , courses .
firstly , as needs are not static , improved liaison between suppliers and users could prove to be the best way to [make sure] a close match between future supply of , and demand for , courses .

Although the decision to enter a ‘ courtship ’ is based on sufficient common interest ( we are using this term to include values and tastes ) , the purpose of courtship is to explore , ensure and expand that base of common interest .
although the decision to enter a ‘ courtship ’ is based on sufficient common interest ( we are using this term to include values and tastes ) , the purpose of courtship is to explore , [make sure] and expand that base of common interest .

What steps could you visualise taking to ensure your marriage relationship receives the proper priority ?
what steps could you visualise taking to [make sure] your marriage relationship receives the proper priority ?

What steps will you take to ensure that God receives his proper priority in your life as an individual once you become married and new
what steps will you take to [make sure] that god receives his proper priority in your life as an individual once you become married and new

In other words , the very fact that we do not consider we are worth loving causes us to put up barriers that ensure people will not have the opportunity to love us .
in other words , the very fact that we do not consider we are worth loving causes us to put up barriers that [make sure] people will not have the opportunity to love us .

This is necessary to make sure we are functioning in a realistic way , that we are not kidding ourselves that we have abilities that we do not , but more importantly , to ensure we are not allowing our inabilities to nullify our abilities .
this is necessary to make sure we are functioning in a realistic way , that we are not kidding ourselves that we have abilities that we do not , but more importantly , to [make sure] we are not allowing our inabilities to nullify our abilities .

It therefore becomes our responsibility to do our work well at all times to ensure that we achieve what we set out to do if we want to end gassing and to increase the sporting prospects .
it therefore becomes our responsibility to do our work well at all times to [make sure] that we achieve what we set out to do if we want to end gassing and to increase the sporting prospects .

After inserting the battery ensure that the mechanism is waterproof .
after inserting the battery [make sure] that the mechanism is waterproof .

The run section is faced with small-meshed wire netting or with Twillweld , and the facing side is 3 feet ( 1 metre ) tall to ensure that a big area of wire mesh is available .
the run section is faced with small-meshed wire netting or with twillweld , and the facing side is 3 feet ( 1 metre ) tall to [make sure] that a big area of wire mesh is available .

Hinged doors opening outwards from floor level facilitate easy cleaning and the hutch must be constructed to stand off the floor , preferably on legs , to ensure that urine and surplus drinking water drain away easily so that the floor remains dry .
hinged doors opening outwards from floor level facilitate easy cleaning and the hutch must be constructed to stand off the floor , preferably on legs , to [make sure] that urine and surplus drinking water drain away easily so that the floor remains dry .

It is essential that flyblown meat is not given as food and it is equally essential to ensure that food given to the young ferrets does n't subsequently become flyblown .
it is essential that flyblown meat is not given as food and it is equally essential to [make sure] that food given to the young ferrets does n't subsequently become flyblown .

Regular handling and fondling of the young animals helps ensure they grow up into docile but nonetheless bold animals .
regular handling and fondling of the young animals helps [make sure] they grow up into docile but nonetheless bold animals .

It is , of course , desirable they should never be overworked or overstressed , and you can ensure that this does not happen by having a sufficient number so that it is always possible to rest some while using others .
it is , of course , desirable they should never be overworked or overstressed , and you can [make sure] that this does not happen by having a sufficient number so that it is always possible to rest some while using others .

You must ensure when seeking permission to go rabbiting anywhere that you get the consent from someone legally able to give it to you .
you must [make sure] when seeking permission to go rabbiting anywhere that you get the consent from someone legally able to give it to you .

So you must first ensure that your approach is to the right quarter and you must realise at the outset that mutual trust is essential .
so you must first [make sure] that your approach is to the right quarter and you must realise at the outset that mutual trust is essential .

Failure to benefit from a complete briefing in that respect can lead to a very rapid termination of your sport , so the onus is on you to ensure that you are fully aware of the exact boundaries .
failure to benefit from a complete briefing in that respect can lead to a very rapid termination of your sport , so the onus is on you to [make sure] that you are fully aware of the exact boundaries .

Maybe the farmer or his tenant will ask for a percentage of the kill within the agreement , but it makes jolly good sense to ensure that anyone who likes to eat a rabbit and who can influence your sport is well looked after .
maybe the farmer or his tenant will ask for a percentage of the kill within the agreement , but it makes jolly good sense to [make sure] that anyone who likes to eat a rabbit and who can influence your sport is well looked after .

The function of the line is to ensure that the male animal is fully under your control .
the function of the line is to [make sure] that the male animal is fully under your control .

It is just a matter of working the receiver properly to ensure that the signal is received .
it is just a matter of working the receiver properly to [make sure] that the signal is received .

Each can have his own independent ferret on a line and each his own locator system — but each must control his own ferret carefully to ensure there is no overlapping underground .
each can have his own independent ferret on a line and each his own locator system — but each must control his own ferret carefully to [make sure] there is no overlapping underground .

In those situations where the hole has been dug and the ferret and rabbit ( or rabbits ) have been located , you must be well drilled in the exact procedure to ensure that the rabbits are unable to take advantage of any opportunity you may give them to escape .
in those situations where the hole has been dug and the ferret and rabbit ( or rabbits ) have been located , you must be well drilled in the exact procedure to [make sure] that the rabbits are unable to take advantage of any opportunity you may give them to escape .

Your main safeguard is to ensure that the remaining rabbits can not escape back into the burrow system .
your main safeguard is to [make sure] that the remaining rabbits can not escape back into the burrow system .

Bear in mind as the starting-point that your permission to use someone 's land for rabbiting may very well not extend to after-dark activities , so ensure that this point is clarified .
bear in mind as the starting-point that your permission to use someone 's land for rabbiting may very well not extend to after-dark activities , so [make sure] that this point is clarified .

Make sure that both the farmer and the gamekeeper approve — and ensure that they know the exact date , time and place of your intended nettings .
make sure that both the farmer and the gamekeeper approve — and [make sure] that they know the exact date , time and place of your intended nettings .

Your net intercepts them when they return from feeding and you must therefore ensure that the nets are set in exactly the right place — without the rabbits being aware of your presence .
your net intercepts them when they return from feeding and you must therefore [make sure] that the nets are set in exactly the right place — without the rabbits being aware of your presence .

Bundles have to be ‘ butted ’ : the butt ends are beaten on a flat surface to ensure that they are all level .
bundles have to be ‘ butted ’ : the butt ends are beaten on a flat surface to [make sure] that they are all level .

The great art is to ensure that the coat ( dressed face ) remains tight and even .
the great art is to [make sure] that the coat ( dressed face ) remains tight and even .

The Campaign for Resource is a campaign to ensure that industry and the nation as a whole continue to have access to leading edge research and a high calibre workforce , which this University can and should provide .
the campaign for resource is a campaign to [make sure] that industry and the nation as a whole continue to have access to leading edge research and a high calibre workforce , which this university can and should provide .

Following from this the aim was that the project should collaborate with existing service-providers in order to ensure that there was no overlap or competition with others but that all were working together for the good of the client ; and that the project would , where necessary , coordinate the services available to each client and thus ensure an appropriate and suitably balanced package of care for that person .
following from this the aim was that the project should collaborate with existing service-providers in order to [make sure] that there was no overlap or competition with others but that all were working together for the good of the client ; and that the project would , where necessary , coordinate the services available to each client and thus [make sure] an appropriate and suitably balanced package of care for that person .

Temporary care : while informal carer away on holiday 1 while awaiting introduction of home help service l after hospital discharge , to ensure client could cope alone 1
temporary care : while informal carer away on holiday 1 while awaiting introduction of home help service l after hospital discharge , to [make sure] client could cope alone 1

worker input : day care transport 3 1–7 days main meal preparation or help with eating 1 1 or 2 visits per week or fortnight to relieve informal carer 6 1–7 evenings per week to ensure client safe and prepared for night 1
worker input : day care transport 3 1–7 days main meal preparation or help with eating 1 1 or 2 visits per week or fortnight to relieve informal carer 6 1–7 evenings per week to [make sure] client safe and prepared for night 1

They are inexpensive and well worth buying to ensure fishes ' welfare .
they are inexpensive and well worth buying to [make sure] fishes ' welfare .

It was necessary for me to ensure that this fish was in fact leading the others .
it was necessary for me to [make sure] that this fish was in fact leading the others .

It can be argued that controls by Central Government are desirable to ensure that a uniform minimum standard of efficiency is obtained where the taxpayer at large is contributing through the national Exchequer to local services .
it can be argued that controls by central government are desirable to [make sure] that a uniform minimum standard of efficiency is obtained where the taxpayer at large is contributing through the national exchequer to local services .

This is done to ensure that each local authority will reach a minimum standard of efficiency and carry out the service in accordance with the wishes of the Central Government .
this is done to [make sure] that each local authority will reach a minimum standard of efficiency and carry out the service in accordance with the wishes of the central government .

This means that in practice the local authority first takes steps to ensure that the byelaws which they propose to make will receive approval before making them .
this means that in practice the local authority first takes steps to [make sure] that the byelaws which they propose to make will receive approval before making them .

The tendency has public services on local authorities , the Central Government being in the background the whole time to ensure uniformity in the standard of service .
the tendency has public services on local authorities , the central government being in the background the whole time to [make sure] uniformity in the standard of service .

On deciding to become a candidate for election to a local government body an individual must ensure that he is qualified to be a candidate .
on deciding to become a candidate for election to a local government body an individual must [make sure] that he is qualified to be a candidate .

Why else do we ensure that when they retire they receive subsistence-level pensions ?
why else do we [make sure] that when they retire they receive subsistence-level pensions ?

Ageist attitudes ensure that caring for dependent and vulnerable older people is regarded as a low prestige , low priority enterprise by both health professionals and social workers .
ageist attitudes [make sure] that caring for dependent and vulnerable older people is regarded as a low prestige , low priority enterprise by both health professionals and social workers .

Public concern , legislation , departmental procedures , and pressure on professional staff would have combined to ensure that effective action was taken .
public concern , legislation , departmental procedures , and pressure on professional staff would have combined to [make sure] that effective action was taken .

The assumption that they are not neglected , and that cultural values ensure they will be cared for adequately , has been challenged by Norman .
the assumption that they are not neglected , and that cultural values [make sure] they will be cared for adequately , has been challenged by norman .

However , there are some products which are likely to be of particular interest to older people and some areas where mechanisms are needed to ensure they get a fair deal . Without this protection , particularly frail customers could be discriminated against and might be unable to counter the discrimination on their own behalf
however , there are some products which are likely to be of particular interest to older people and some areas where mechanisms are needed to [make sure] they get a fair deal . without this protection , particularly frail customers could be discriminated against and might be unable to counter the discrimination on their own behalf

Especially in the civic and voluntary field , the need to spread the responsibility and ensure others have their turn is or should be an essential feature of citizenship .
especially in the civic and voluntary field , the need to spread the responsibility and [make sure] others have their turn is or should be an essential feature of citizenship .

For healthcare to be non-discriminatory we must ensure that :
for healthcare to be non-discriminatory we must [make sure] that :

working conditions should ensure that people can retire free from work-related illnesses ;
working conditions should [make sure] that people can retire free from work-related illnesses ;

Despite volunteers raising £55,000 to overcome the immediate financial nightmare , attempts are now having to be made to ensure the line 's long-term security .
despite volunteers raising £55,000 to overcome the immediate financial nightmare , attempts are now having to be made to [make sure] the line 's long-term security .

‘ It is also felt that the Hampshire County Council officials concerned have failed in their duties in allowing this to happen and , perhaps more importantly , in taking no action to ensure reinstatement is made .
‘ it is also felt that the hampshire county council officials concerned have failed in their duties in allowing this to happen and , perhaps more importantly , in taking no action to [make sure] reinstatement is made .

In the end , they held on for the vital points , having gained five in their last three games to ensure safety .
in the end , they held on for the vital points , having gained five in their last three games to [make sure] safety .

As the survey shows in order to ensure survival businesses have realised the need to market cost-effectively ’ .
as the survey shows in order to [make sure] survival businesses have realised the need to market cost-effectively ’ .

If he put up a scheme , you would be willing to follow him to the ends of the earth to ensure its fulfilment .
if he put up a scheme , you would be willing to follow him to the ends of the earth to [make sure] its fulfilment .

Another technical advance Chapman saw on the Continent was the ten-yard semi-circle to ensure that players kept their distance during a penalty kick .
another technical advance chapman saw on the continent was the ten-yard semi-circle to [make sure] that players kept their distance during a penalty kick .

The Minister for Arts , Richard Luce , speaking at the Library Association Members ' Day in 1987 , remarked , ‘ We must ensure that we do not lose sight of our main objective .
the minister for arts , richard luce , speaking at the library association members ' day in 1987 , remarked , ‘ we must [make sure] that we do not lose sight of our main objective .

As well as being a means of communication for staff , to ensure consistency of approach , a selection policy may serve other functions .
as well as being a means of communication for staff , to [make sure] consistency of approach , a selection policy may serve other functions .

Although monitored allocations of the kind suggested above are the only way to ensure that library policy is translated into practice , it would be unrealistic to believe that all authorities manage their budgets in this way .
although monitored allocations of the kind suggested above are the only way to [make sure] that library policy is translated into practice , it would be unrealistic to believe that all authorities manage their budgets in this way .

So many different factors may be relevant that no generalized conclusions can be reached , and the best that librarians can do is to ensure that as far as possible conditions for use in their own libraries are adapted to meet what research has revealed as ideal conditions .
so many different factors may be relevant that no generalized conclusions can be reached , and the best that librarians can do is to [make sure] that as far as possible conditions for use in their own libraries are adapted to meet what research has revealed as ideal conditions .

Often , one feature of a book will automatically ensure selection — e.g .
often , one feature of a book will automatically [make sure] selection — e.g .

For instance , subdivision under major entries of the index is desirable to ensure that information in the text can be located without delay .
for instance , subdivision under major entries of the index is desirable to [make sure] that information in the text can be located without delay .

The main problem about this option is the logistic one of getting together the hundreds of different catalogues ( especially those of the small publishers ) necessary to ensure comprehensiveness .
the main problem about this option is the logistic one of getting together the hundreds of different catalogues ( especially those of the small publishers ) necessary to [make sure] comprehensiveness .

The aim is to ensure not only that all important titles are held in stock , but also that as far as possible there is on the shelves at any one time a reasonable coverage of material in all subject fields .
the aim is to [make sure] not only that all important titles are held in stock , but also that as far as possible there is on the shelves at any one time a reasonable coverage of material in all subject fields .

The term ‘ stock-taking ’ refers to a physical check carried out on the bookstock to ensure that the library still actually has all of the items listed in its catalogue or shelf register .
the term ‘ stock-taking ’ refers to a physical check carried out on the bookstock to [make sure] that the library still actually has all of the items listed in its catalogue or shelf register .

Policy is implemented by earmarking specific sums for specific purposes and by monitoring orders to ensure that these financial guidelines are adhered to .
policy is implemented by earmarking specific sums for specific purposes and by monitoring orders to [make sure] that these financial guidelines are adhered to .

Further financial guidelines are required to ensure that a throughout-the-year coverage of new publications is guaranteed , and that orders ( and therefore the receipt of books ) are evenly paced throughout the year .
further financial guidelines are required to [make sure] that a throughout-the-year coverage of new publications is guaranteed , and that orders ( and therefore the receipt of books ) are evenly paced throughout the year .

The whole system requires firm management and a continuous impetus from the top to ensure that the diffusion of staff duties does not result in diffusion of the work rate .
the whole system requires firm management and a continuous impetus from the top to [make sure] that the diffusion of staff duties does not result in diffusion of the work rate .

These changes have very real implications for librarians , who must ensure that their initial trawl of new publications is comprehensive , since they are less likely to pick up , through a later stock revision , titles they have initially missed .
these changes have very real implications for librarians , who must [make sure] that their initial trawl of new publications is comprehensive , since they are less likely to pick up , through a later stock revision , titles they have initially missed .

‘ Whereas , it is necessary that steps be taken to ensure the continued conservation of the countryside in mountain areas in certain other less-favoured areas ; whereas the Member States have already taken or plan to take positive measures for this purpose and these efforts should be encouraged ; whereas farming performs a fundamental function in this respect . ’
‘ whereas , it is necessary that steps be taken to [make sure] the continued conservation of the countryside in mountain areas in certain other less-favoured areas ; whereas the member states have already taken or plan to take positive measures for this purpose and these efforts should be encouraged ; whereas farming performs a fundamental function in this respect . ’

‘ In order to ensure the continuation of farming , thereby maintaining a minimum population level or conserving the countryside in certain less-favoured areas the list of which is … ’
‘ in order to [make sure] the continuation of farming , thereby maintaining a minimum population level or conserving the countryside in certain less-favoured areas the list of which is … ’

‘ Less favoured areas … may include small areas affected by specific handicaps and in which farming must be continued , if necessary subject to certain conditions , in order to ensure the conservation of the environment , to maintain the countryside and to preserve the tourist potential of the area or in order to protect the coastline .
‘ less favoured areas … may include small areas affected by specific handicaps and in which farming must be continued , if necessary subject to certain conditions , in order to [make sure] the conservation of the environment , to maintain the countryside and to preserve the tourist potential of the area or in order to protect the coastline .

The welfare worker would also like to ensure that clients have adequate legal representation and would like to set up a system whereby property that belongs to a detainee is returned by the police .
the welfare worker would also like to [make sure] that clients have adequate legal representation and would like to set up a system whereby property that belongs to a detainee is returned by the police .

Staff meetings take place once a week for one to two hours and rotate between Tuesdays and Thursdays to ensure maximum attendance by part-time staff .
staff meetings take place once a week for one to two hours and rotate between tuesdays and thursdays to [make sure] maximum attendance by part-time staff .

Recommendations concerning volunteers included formal support by named staff and the targeting of recruitment to ensure that volunteers represent the whole community .
recommendations concerning volunteers included formal support by named staff and the targeting of recruitment to [make sure] that volunteers represent the whole community .

This mechanism serves equally as an informal check on the interpretation and use of the information system to ensure accurate advice giving .
this mechanism serves equally as an informal check on the interpretation and use of the information system to [make sure] accurate advice giving .

Benefits calculation packages are especially popular with inexperienced advice workers to ensure that they have followed every avenue of enquiry .
benefits calculation packages are especially popular with inexperienced advice workers to [make sure] that they have followed every avenue of enquiry .

The more that is done , therefore , to ensure that anti-racist training is task-related rather than theoretical , the more workers may opt for these courses ‘ voluntarily ’ .
the more that is done , therefore , to [make sure] that anti-racist training is task-related rather than theoretical , the more workers may opt for these courses ‘ voluntarily ’ .

The illuminated sail was reversible , so that it always sailed in the right direction to ensure authenticity .
the illuminated sail was reversible , so that it always sailed in the right direction to [make sure] authenticity .

After she sinks , his bravery and seamanship ensure the safety of most of the passengers and crew , though he himself dies of exposure .
after she sinks , his bravery and seamanship [make sure] the safety of most of the passengers and crew , though he himself dies of exposure .

We must move from the idea that the animals were given to us and made for us , to the idea that we were made for creation , to serve it and ensure its continuance .
we must move from the idea that the animals were given to us and made for us , to the idea that we were made for creation , to serve it and [make sure] its continuance .

The husbandry of domesticated animals should ensure that their physiological and ethological needs are fulfilled .
the husbandry of domesticated animals should [make sure] that their physiological and ethological needs are fulfilled .

In arguing that companion animals , particularly dogs and cats , require freedom of movement and the company of other animals , one has to accept that allowing cats to roam freely and dogs to have a period of exercise off the lead is necessary to ensure good animal welfare .
in arguing that companion animals , particularly dogs and cats , require freedom of movement and the company of other animals , one has to accept that allowing cats to roam freely and dogs to have a period of exercise off the lead is necessary to [make sure] good animal welfare .

In managing these open areas of moorland and forest there is often a conflict of interest between conservationists , environmentalists and those who wish to ensure the best conditions for the farm animals .
in managing these open areas of moorland and forest there is often a conflict of interest between conservationists , environmentalists and those who wish to [make sure] the best conditions for the farm animals .

They see this as a way of helping to ensure that their employees do not get a raw deal — for example , when candidates for promotion are being compared .
they see this as a way of helping to [make sure] that their employees do not get a raw deal — for example , when candidates for promotion are being compared .

If one or more of these features is missing from your working life , you should make it known and strive to ensure that management is committed to improving matters .
if one or more of these features is missing from your working life , you should make it known and strive to [make sure] that management is committed to improving matters .

But even if the contract specifically caters for termination in defined circumstances , you should still be vigilant to ensure that you are given a fair deal .
but even if the contract specifically caters for termination in defined circumstances , you should still be vigilant to [make sure] that you are given a fair deal .

… to ensure that redundancy is not used as a pretext for getting rid of employees which some manager wishes to get rid of for some quite other reasons , eg … by reason of personal dislike .
… to [make sure] that redundancy is not used as a pretext for getting rid of employees which some manager wishes to get rid of for some quite other reasons , eg … by reason of personal dislike .

In checking to ensure that your employers have striven to strike a fair balance , it could be worth asking whether they have considered drawing up some form of ‘ points table ’ or other grading system , by which the relevant matters can be assessed .
in checking to [make sure] that your employers have striven to strike a fair balance , it could be worth asking whether they have considered drawing up some form of ‘ points table ’ or other grading system , by which the relevant matters can be assessed .

Having said that , courts and tribunals are generally vigilant to ensure that an alleged deal bringing a job to a conclusion by mutual consent truly reflects the reality of what has occurred .
having said that , courts and tribunals are generally vigilant to [make sure] that an alleged deal bringing a job to a conclusion by mutual consent truly reflects the reality of what has occurred .

While courts and tribunals will again be reluctant to conclude that you have forfeited your entitlements , it makes sense to ensure that there is no question of your employer being able to argue later that there was no dismissal , if that does not suit you .
while courts and tribunals will again be reluctant to conclude that you have forfeited your entitlements , it makes sense to [make sure] that there is no question of your employer being able to argue later that there was no dismissal , if that does not suit you .

If this possibility interests you , your main concern should be to ensure that you are given enough information to check that the retraining will be of real practical value .
if this possibility interests you , your main concern should be to [make sure] that you are given enough information to check that the retraining will be of real practical value .

You may also be able to sue for damages if your employer , past or present , fails to take care to ensure that his comments are based on correct information .
you may also be able to sue for damages if your employer , past or present , fails to take care to [make sure] that his comments are based on correct information .

The Conservatives believe that the government 's role is to ensure that we continue to have a good foundation of basic and strategic science on which industry can draw , to encourage a good supply of up-to-date and creative scientists , and to encourage the right climate for successful innovation .
the conservatives believe that the government 's role is to [make sure] that we continue to have a good foundation of basic and strategic science on which industry can draw , to encourage a good supply of up-to-date and creative scientists , and to encourage the right climate for successful innovation .

To ensure that our plans for science and technology diffuse throughout government Labour will appoint a minister for science .
to [make sure] that our plans for science and technology diffuse throughout government labour will appoint a minister for science .

The producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .
the producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , [make sure] that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .

If proper attention is paid to ensure that the entry grades are filled by staff who have good qualifications and potential , then internal promotees will be found more easily .
if proper attention is paid to [make sure] that the entry grades are filled by staff who have good qualifications and potential , then internal promotees will be found more easily .

Care is needed here to ensure that the interviewers ' questions do not get crossed .
care is needed here to [make sure] that the interviewers ' questions do not get crossed .

It is essential that patients ensure there are no leaks of insulin where the infusion set is connected to the syringe .
it is essential that patients [make sure] there are no leaks of insulin where the infusion set is connected to the syringe .

This would reduce the strain on hospital clinics , stimulate interest and expertise in diabetes in the community and ensure diabetic patients had a regular review in a specialist clinic .
this would reduce the strain on hospital clinics , stimulate interest and expertise in diabetes in the community and [make sure] diabetic patients had a regular review in a specialist clinic .

Careful preparation of the core plugs was made to ensure reliable measurement of formation factor and porosity .
careful preparation of the core plugs was made to [make sure] reliable measurement of formation factor and porosity .

When embarking on a study that addresses the information needs of an organisation it is often difficult for the project leader to ensure that the project is both cost-effective and comprehensive .
when embarking on a study that addresses the information needs of an organisation it is often difficult for the project leader to [make sure] that the project is both cost-effective and comprehensive .

Ensure hygiene
[make sure] hygiene

Ensure nutrition
[make sure] nutrition

Full client participation is essential to ensure accuracy when compiling the information model .
full client participation is essential to [make sure] accuracy when compiling the information model .

Once resources have been obtained , they would be organised to provide the College curriculum , and ensure the necessary non-teaching support .
once resources have been obtained , they would be organised to provide the college curriculum , and [make sure] the necessary non-teaching support .

influenced by central ( ie headquarters ) requirement to ensure parity of all Colleges in the geographical area of responsibility
influenced by central ( ie headquarters ) requirement to [make sure] parity of all colleges in the geographical area of responsibility

This is a derivation of the formal systems model , and is used in essentially the same way , ie as a checklist to ensure that the model of a procedure is well-formulated and all the necessary attributes are considered during the analysis .
this is a derivation of the formal systems model , and is used in essentially the same way , ie as a checklist to [make sure] that the model of a procedure is well-formulated and all the necessary attributes are considered during the analysis .

Different viewpoints lead to different models which , in turn require different measures of performance , and it is necessary to ensure that the model used as the basis for the audit is one that reflects the organisation 's needs in relation to the procedure .
different viewpoints lead to different models which , in turn require different measures of performance , and it is necessary to [make sure] that the model used as the basis for the audit is one that reflects the organisation 's needs in relation to the procedure .

The analysis of the information objects and communication aspects , carried out as a joint exercise to ensure method economy , was undertaken in two stages , ie first by interviewing a few staff , then distributing a questionnaire based on the initial findings .
the analysis of the information objects and communication aspects , carried out as a joint exercise to [make sure] method economy , was undertaken in two stages , ie first by interviewing a few staff , then distributing a questionnaire based on the initial findings .

Some elaboration of expectations , or a requirement that they be elaborated locally , will help to ensure a worthwhile contribution to a policy process which will otherwise naturally mostly exclude them .
some elaboration of expectations , or a requirement that they be elaborated locally , will help to [make sure] a worthwhile contribution to a policy process which will otherwise naturally mostly exclude them .

establishing the position of the authority to ensure that is has significant local authority : and
establishing the position of the authority to [make sure] that is has significant local authority : and

However , it is difficult to see how such criteria can be formulated to ensure that treatment is received by those individuals that the home authority would have chosen .
however , it is difficult to see how such criteria can be formulated to [make sure] that treatment is received by those individuals that the home authority would have chosen .

Financial accounting concerns the need to have systems in place which ensure that financial transaction ( such as the payment of wages ) are properly conducted and that appropriate records are maintained .
financial accounting concerns the need to have systems in place which [make sure] that financial transaction ( such as the payment of wages ) are properly conducted and that appropriate records are maintained .

There is a need to tie together developments in revenue accounting with developments in capital and asset accounting to ensure that the impact of capital is properly accounted for .
there is a need to tie together developments in revenue accounting with developments in capital and asset accounting to [make sure] that the impact of capital is properly accounted for .

There is a need to develop flexible budgeting to ensure that actual expenditure is measured against a budget which has been flexed to take account of actual workload ( recognising both volume and mix factors ) .
there is a need to develop flexible budgeting to [make sure] that actual expenditure is measured against a budget which has been flexed to take account of actual workload ( recognising both volume and mix factors ) .

To ensure that hospital consultants — whose decisions effectively commit sums of money — are involved in the management of hospitals ; are given responsibility for the use of resources ; and are encouraged to use those resources more effectively .
to [make sure] that hospital consultants — whose decisions effectively commit sums of money — are involved in the management of hospitals ; are given responsibility for the use of resources ; and are encouraged to use those resources more effectively .

To ensure that drug prescribing costs are kept within reasonable limits .
to [make sure] that drug prescribing costs are kept within reasonable limits .

In fact , with regard to fixed assets there are two important requirements to ensure that they are deployed efficiently .
in fact , with regard to fixed assets there are two important requirements to [make sure] that they are deployed efficiently .

One current concern of district general managers is the apparent paradox between , on the one hand , the need to secure good value for money in health care for the population served and , on the other hand , the need to ensure that one 's own directly managed units do not fail ( Crump et al , 1990 ) .
one current concern of district general managers is the apparent paradox between , on the one hand , the need to secure good value for money in health care for the population served and , on the other hand , the need to [make sure] that one 's own directly managed units do not fail ( crump et al , 1990 ) .

Despite this forthright tone , later parts of the document point out that ‘ the scheme will be structured in a way that patients will always get the drugs they need ’ and that ‘ it will ensure that budgets reflect the costs of patients needing a greater volume of drugs or more expensive drugs … ’ ‘ so that there will be no disincentive to practices to accept such patients or to begin to prescribe expensive medicine to such patients , if there is a clinical need to do so ’ .
despite this forthright tone , later parts of the document point out that ‘ the scheme will be structured in a way that patients will always get the drugs they need ’ and that ‘ it will [make sure] that budgets reflect the costs of patients needing a greater volume of drugs or more expensive drugs … ’ ‘ so that there will be no disincentive to practices to accept such patients or to begin to prescribe expensive medicine to such patients , if there is a clinical need to do so ’ .

Discussion : What monitoring arrangements are required to ensure efficiency ?
discussion : what monitoring arrangements are required to [make sure] efficiency ?

Some early clinical directors might be considered ‘ natural managers ’ but a more planned provision of training in aspects such as service planning and review , objective setting , information handling , financial and staff management is required to ensure a continuity of appropriate clinical directors .
some early clinical directors might be considered ‘ natural managers ’ but a more planned provision of training in aspects such as service planning and review , objective setting , information handling , financial and staff management is required to [make sure] a continuity of appropriate clinical directors .

One way of doing this is to ensure that specialists implementing technical changes , eg the Resource Management Initiative , pay heed to the behavioural changes they expect to promote in managers and staff involved .
one way of doing this is to [make sure] that specialists implementing technical changes , eg the resource management initiative , pay heed to the behavioural changes they expect to promote in managers and staff involved .

The ‘ Beveridgites ’ may be most comfortable in Health Authorities whose job is to ensure that services are available for their populations .
the ‘ beveridgites ’ may be most comfortable in health authorities whose job is to [make sure] that services are available for their populations .

Celsus is concerned with a case in which somebody has promised that he will ensure no loss is incurred by another person .
celsus is concerned with a case in which somebody has promised that he will [make sure] no loss is incurred by another person .

My visit must have alarmed him to the extent that he decided to check again to ensure he had n't left any clues .
my visit must have alarmed him to the extent that he decided to check again to [make sure] he had n't left any clues .

But Fedorov had stayed behind to ensure the job was completed .
but fedorov had stayed behind to [make sure] the job was completed .

Tonight was by way of a rehearsal to familiarize himself with the place , make final arrangements , and tell the landlord sufficient of their plans to ensure that there was no unforeseen interference .
tonight was by way of a rehearsal to familiarize himself with the place , make final arrangements , and tell the landlord sufficient of their plans to [make sure] that there was no unforeseen interference .

Both the projector and the turntable were powered by the same motor to ensure they ran at the same speed .
both the projector and the turntable were powered by the same motor to [make sure] they ran at the same speed .

This is a classic case which shows the advantage of the existence of an independent sound archive , perhaps government-backed to ensure it does n't fall foul of copyright laws .
this is a classic case which shows the advantage of the existence of an independent sound archive , perhaps government-backed to [make sure] it does n't fall foul of copyright laws .

After interviews have been conducted , interviewers must check their schedules for errors of recording , omissions , or any other faults , and good supervision will again ensure that this is done .
after interviews have been conducted , interviewers must check their schedules for errors of recording , omissions , or any other faults , and good supervision will again [make sure] that this is done .

Ensure your printer is switched on and ready to print .
[make sure] your printer is switched on and ready to print .

We soon took steps to ensure that Gary was otherwise occupied when private matters of the church and home were discussed .
we soon took steps to [make sure] that gary was otherwise occupied when private matters of the church and home were discussed .

This meant that each small boy was accompanied to church by an older boy whose job it was to find the hymns and generally ensure good behaviour .
this meant that each small boy was accompanied to church by an older boy whose job it was to find the hymns and generally [make sure] good behaviour .

The bellows were operated by a handle that had to be turned slowly and regularly to ensure a good even fire .
the bellows were operated by a handle that had to be turned slowly and regularly to [make sure] a good even fire .

For instance , if a leaf spring was being made , each leaf would be tested against the pattern whilst work proceeded to ensure the correct curve .
for instance , if a leaf spring was being made , each leaf would be tested against the pattern whilst work proceeded to [make sure] the correct curve .

Then several fixing screws would be driven through ready-prepared countersunk holes in the tyre to ensure that never throughout a long life would it be able to slip .
then several fixing screws would be driven through ready-prepared countersunk holes in the tyre to [make sure] that never throughout a long life would it be able to slip .

My mother used to tell me how Grandmother scrimped and saved during the summer months so that precious golden sovereigns could be put away in a padlocked wooden box to ensure survival during the next winter .
my mother used to tell me how grandmother scrimped and saved during the summer months so that precious golden sovereigns could be put away in a padlocked wooden box to [make sure] survival during the next winter .

Before the goods can be sold , the retailer must ensure that the price is clearly marked .
before the goods can be sold , the retailer must [make sure] that the price is clearly marked .

To ensure they did not work loose , cross pins were fitted through holes in the tapered ends .
to [make sure] they did not work loose , cross pins were fitted through holes in the tapered ends .

To ensure that this progressive building was a success , it was essential –hat a supply of completely manufactured parts was on the ground at the point of erection , before the building of a vehicle was commenced .
to [make sure] that this progressive building was a success , it was essential –hat a supply of completely manufactured parts was on the ground at the point of erection , before the building of a vehicle was commenced .

It was the purpose of the Progress Office to ensure what may be termed the feeding of the works with the necessary parts .
it was the purpose of the progress office to [make sure] what may be termed the feeding of the works with the necessary parts .

Each of the component parts of the coach were carefully gauged and inspected before leaving the sawmill to ensure its fitting correctly in position without hand labour in the body shop .
each of the component parts of the coach were carefully gauged and inspected before leaving the sawmill to [make sure] its fitting correctly in position without hand labour in the body shop .

Many women met their husbands from work at dinner time and did their weekly shopping , taking advantage of the cheaper prices at the market and some to ensure they got their housekeeping money before their spouses spent their wages on drink .
many women met their husbands from work at dinner time and did their weekly shopping , taking advantage of the cheaper prices at the market and some to [make sure] they got their housekeeping money before their spouses spent their wages on drink .

Fully trained friendly staff whose only wish is to ensure your maximum enjoyment .
fully trained friendly staff whose only wish is to [make sure] your maximum enjoyment .

To ensure fairness a waiting list is always in operation .
to [make sure] fairness a waiting list is always in operation .

Even the poorest of communities have down through the years made great sacrifices to ensure that the ‘ House of God ’ has been kept neat , tidy and in a good state of repair .
even the poorest of communities have down through the years made great sacrifices to [make sure] that the ‘ house of god ’ has been kept neat , tidy and in a good state of repair .

As with the curriculum generally , there is a readiness on the part of parents , school boards and municipal officials to trust the professionalism of teachers to ensure that the system is consistent and just , in and between schools and municipalities .
as with the curriculum generally , there is a readiness on the part of parents , school boards and municipal officials to trust the professionalism of teachers to [make sure] that the system is consistent and just , in and between schools and municipalities .

The Council has to try and ensure that the subject ‘ bits ’ of the curriculum form a coherent whole and somehow deliver the broad and balanced curriculum enshrined in the noble opening passages of the Act .
the council has to try and [make sure] that the subject ‘ bits ’ of the curriculum form a coherent whole and somehow deliver the broad and balanced curriculum enshrined in the noble opening passages of the act .

The programmes of the future need closer preparation in detail in order to ensure both sequencing and comprehensiveness of delivery .
the programmes of the future need closer preparation in detail in order to [make sure] both sequencing and comprehensiveness of delivery .

more often than not it lacks continuity and progression or any serious attempt to ensure that adequate time and attention are given to the elements said to comprise the topic .
more often than not it lacks continuity and progression or any serious attempt to [make sure] that adequate time and attention are given to the elements said to comprise the topic .

The safeguard for cross-curricular elements is , ironically , to ensure that they are fully incorporated into schemes of assessment .
the safeguard for cross-curricular elements is , ironically , to [make sure] that they are fully incorporated into schemes of assessment .

We must ensure that our students leave school functionally literate for a complex competitive economy .
we must [make sure] that our students leave school functionally literate for a complex competitive economy .

It considers the way in which we might make a reality of the observation ( by Keith Joseph ) that ‘ the curriculum should be relevant to the real world and pupils ’ experience of it ' by considering the range of challenges and opportunities which people face in , say , the domestic environment , often regarded as too trivial for ‘ academic ’ education , but where arguably most important economic , technical and social decisions are made and acted upon : in the community where a host of issues require an informed public to exercise judgment and active commitment to ensure that the quality of the social and physical environment is constantly improved , and so on in other contexts which will require people to make an active and hopefully informed response , underlain by conceptual understanding of general issues to which , if taught effectively , geography , history , physical sciences and design , indeed all academic disciplines , can make a powerful contribution .
it considers the way in which we might make a reality of the observation ( by keith joseph ) that ‘ the curriculum should be relevant to the real world and pupils ’ experience of it ' by considering the range of challenges and opportunities which people face in , say , the domestic environment , often regarded as too trivial for ‘ academic ’ education , but where arguably most important economic , technical and social decisions are made and acted upon : in the community where a host of issues require an informed public to exercise judgment and active commitment to [make sure] that the quality of the social and physical environment is constantly improved , and so on in other contexts which will require people to make an active and hopefully informed response , underlain by conceptual understanding of general issues to which , if taught effectively , geography , history , physical sciences and design , indeed all academic disciplines , can make a powerful contribution .

To ensure you receive the best return on your money at all times , we have linked Meridian Savings to a Meridian Current Account and have made it easy and convenient for money to be transferred between the two .
to [make sure] you receive the best return on your money at all times , we have linked meridian savings to a meridian current account and have made it easy and convenient for money to be transferred between the two .

It is the quality of each individual experience which is vital to the Teacher Placement Service and how organisers do everything to ensure that the preparation , matching and follow up support is of the highest standard .
it is the quality of each individual experience which is vital to the teacher placement service and how organisers do everything to [make sure] that the preparation , matching and follow up support is of the highest standard .

The role of the organiser is vital in providing careful preparation and support so as to ensure that identifiable outcomes result from the placement .
the role of the organiser is vital in providing careful preparation and support so as to [make sure] that identifiable outcomes result from the placement .

For the first time , schools must ensure the educational success of all students .
for the first time , schools must [make sure] the educational success of all students .

If this is accepted then odours per se , destroying as they do any feeling of well-being , the enjoyment of food and home , are prejudicial to health and adequate legal measures ought to be available to ensure their control .
if this is accepted then odours per se , destroying as they do any feeling of well-being , the enjoyment of food and home , are prejudicial to health and adequate legal measures ought to be available to [make sure] their control .

these may be registered as a local land charge to ensure payment .
these may be registered as a local land charge to [make sure] payment .

Consequently , in order to diminish any noxious or injurious effects a local authority can make byelaws under s.108(2) of the 1936 Act which may lay down specific standards and ensure good housekeeping practice .
consequently , in order to diminish any noxious or injurious effects a local authority can make byelaws under s.108(2) of the 1936 act which may lay down specific standards and [make sure] good housekeeping practice .

Byelaws are generally made to ensure proper precautions are taken to prevent or reduce the odour , for example , by insisting that a fish frying stove should be accessible and easily removed for cleaning , and has a satisfactory fume extraction system .
byelaws are generally made to [make sure] proper precautions are taken to prevent or reduce the odour , for example , by insisting that a fish frying stove should be accessible and easily removed for cleaning , and has a satisfactory fume extraction system .

Ensure that burning is responsibly supervised .
[make sure] that burning is responsibly supervised .

Reason : ‘ To ensure that the operation of the plant does not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .
reason : ‘ to [make sure] that the operation of the plant does not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .

Condition : ‘ Wastes shall be initially blended before incineration and the plant operated in such a manner as to ensure that the flue gases discharged to the atmosphere are such that they do not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .
condition : ‘ wastes shall be initially blended before incineration and the plant operated in such a manner as to [make sure] that the flue gases discharged to the atmosphere are such that they do not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .

Defences are provided by s.3(4) and it would be open to a defendant to plead s.3(4) ( c ) , i.e. that they , ‘ took all such steps as were reasonably open to them to ensure that the conditions were complied with ’ .
defences are provided by s.3(4) and it would be open to a defendant to plead s.3(4) ( c ) , i.e. that they , ‘ took all such steps as were reasonably open to them to [make sure] that the conditions were complied with ’ .

In addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a specified time .
in addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to [make sure] that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a specified time .

This seems to suggest that the policy of the 1974 Act is the recognition that there is a need for industrial waste to be disposed of , and the companies doing so are providing a much needed service , but such operations ought to be closely controlled to ensure that any interference on the surrounding locality is minimal .
this seems to suggest that the policy of the 1974 act is the recognition that there is a need for industrial waste to be disposed of , and the companies doing so are providing a much needed service , but such operations ought to be closely controlled to [make sure] that any interference on the surrounding locality is minimal .

Odour nuisance can be considerably reduced by adhering to good housekeeping practices and often byelaws are made by local authorities under s.108 of the Public Health Act 1936 to ensure they are followed at all times .
odour nuisance can be considerably reduced by adhering to good housekeeping practices and often byelaws are made by local authorities under s.108 of the public health act 1936 to [make sure] they are followed at all times .

Where dispersion is used as a method of odour control , the aim is to ensure the odour is diluted with sufficient air such that the ground level concentration of the odour pollutant is below its threshold detection concentration .
where dispersion is used as a method of odour control , the aim is to [make sure] the odour is diluted with sufficient air such that the ground level concentration of the odour pollutant is below its threshold detection concentration .

Ensure that your non-verbal behaviour matches what you are saying .
[make sure] that your non-verbal behaviour matches what you are saying .

The best way to ensure you learn from experience is to adopt a discipline which forces you to complete all the stages in the learning cycle .
the best way to [make sure] you learn from experience is to adopt a discipline which forces you to complete all the stages in the learning cycle .

The system acts as a discipline to ensure that you concentrate sufficiently on observation instead of being tempted to jump to conclusions .
the system acts as a discipline to [make sure] that you concentrate sufficiently on observation instead of being tempted to jump to conclusions .

The only way to ensure that the unwanted behaviour does not reappear is to keep it dampened down by more punishments .
the only way to [make sure] that the unwanted behaviour does not reappear is to keep it dampened down by more punishments .

The best way to ensure that you review is to adopt a routine that you can swing into either alone or with others .
the best way to [make sure] that you review is to adopt a routine that you can swing into either alone or with others .

Links of this sort are intuitively likely to be stronger when local government has a major construction programme , with orders to distribute , or when large-scale development is on the cards and council co-operation is needed to ensure its success .
links of this sort are intuitively likely to be stronger when local government has a major construction programme , with orders to distribute , or when large-scale development is on the cards and council co-operation is needed to [make sure] its success .

This is not only expressed through direct welfare , housing and educational provision to families which helps to ensure an adequate supply of suitable labour , but also in the reproduction of wider ideologies of popular consent which make it difficult for the rule to see the possibility of any other form of economic and political organization .
this is not only expressed through direct welfare , housing and educational provision to families which helps to [make sure] an adequate supply of suitable labour , but also in the reproduction of wider ideologies of popular consent which make it difficult for the rule to see the possibility of any other form of economic and political organization .

At precisely the same moment at which central government concerns to reduce spending on the welfare state became dominant , it became more difficult to ensure that local authorities would do what was required .
at precisely the same moment at which central government concerns to reduce spending on the welfare state became dominant , it became more difficult to [make sure] that local authorities would do what was required .

These corporations are non-elected and , although an attempt is made to ensure some representation of different interests at board levels , their tasks are clearly defined in advance in terms of development and infrastructure .
these corporations are non-elected and , although an attempt is made to [make sure] some representation of different interests at board levels , their tasks are clearly defined in advance in terms of development and infrastructure .

The flat-rate community charge coupled with a universal business rate was intended to make this far more difficult and ensure that there was some relationship between costs and local taxation levels .
the flat-rate community charge coupled with a universal business rate was intended to make this far more difficult and [make sure] that there was some relationship between costs and local taxation levels .

The main tasks of such an authority would be to issue contracts for the performance of particular tasks coupled with supervisory and inspection to ensure that they were adequately performed .
the main tasks of such an authority would be to issue contracts for the performance of particular tasks coupled with supervisory and inspection to [make sure] that they were adequately performed .

They may also ensure that essential standards of work and conduct are upheld , although the school 's management and organisation should be such that they need be used only exceptionally .
they may also [make sure] that essential standards of work and conduct are upheld , although the school 's management and organisation should be such that they need be used only exceptionally .

Governors must ensure that the procedure is clear and comprehensible to all staff .
governors must [make sure] that the procedure is clear and comprehensible to all staff .

It is up to teachers — and also governors — to ensure that this does not happen .
it is up to teachers — and also governors — to [make sure] that this does not happen .

The point for teachers now is to ensure that this debate is held within their schools , within their governing bodies .
the point for teachers now is to [make sure] that this debate is held within their schools , within their governing bodies .

They must , in their own interests and in the interests of their pupils , ensure that their school is at or moving towards the ‘ open ’ end of the continuum .
they must , in their own interests and in the interests of their pupils , [make sure] that their school is at or moving towards the ‘ open ’ end of the continuum .

In a school where many support services are offered through contracts or franchises , it becomes especially important to preserve the corporate identity and to ensure , through effective communication and sensitive leadership , that everyone working in the school feels an important part of the whole .
in a school where many support services are offered through contracts or franchises , it becomes especially important to preserve the corporate identity and to [make sure] , through effective communication and sensitive leadership , that everyone working in the school feels an important part of the whole .

Ideally , any decisions about delegated powers would be based on common sense and a desire to ensure that while fulfilling their duties and obligations , governors would never jeopardise the smooth and effective running of the school and the education of its pupils .
ideally , any decisions about delegated powers would be based on common sense and a desire to [make sure] that while fulfilling their duties and obligations , governors would never jeopardise the smooth and effective running of the school and the education of its pupils .

These are just three cases where advance planning will enable governors to cope more confidently with problems as they arise and for heads to ensure that school and pupil needs are paramount in all discussions and decision making .
these are just three cases where advance planning will enable governors to cope more confidently with problems as they arise and for heads to [make sure] that school and pupil needs are paramount in all discussions and decision making .

Such advisers will certainly be expected to spend much more time in schools and to ensure that the demands of the National Curriculum are being met .
such advisers will certainly be expected to spend much more time in schools and to [make sure] that the demands of the national curriculum are being met .

When the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to ensure that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?
when the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to [make sure] that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?

They should ensure as a minimum that the staffrooms are well furnished and equipped , with decent workstations for every teacher .
they should [make sure] as a minimum that the staffrooms are well furnished and equipped , with decent workstations for every teacher .

On Wassail night , evil spirits are banished from the orchards and offerings ensure next year 's apple crop .
on wassail night , evil spirits are banished from the orchards and offerings [make sure] next year 's apple crop .

It is also important that national authorities administer Community rules in a coherent fashion and that companies are aware of their Community rights , some of which may be newly acquired , to ensure that they benefit fully from them .
it is also important that national authorities administer community rules in a coherent fashion and that companies are aware of their community rights , some of which may be newly acquired , to [make sure] that they benefit fully from them .

The picture is complicated by the fact that national authorities may regard some discrimination between nationals and non-nationals as being necessary in order to ensure the protection of national interests such as the collection of taxes .
the picture is complicated by the fact that national authorities may regard some discrimination between nationals and non-nationals as being necessary in order to [make sure] the protection of national interests such as the collection of taxes .

As the Community moves to complete the internal market , it will be necessary to ensure that anti-competitive practices do not engender new forms of local protectionism which would only lead to repartitioning the market .
as the community moves to complete the internal market , it will be necessary to [make sure] that anti-competitive practices do not engender new forms of local protectionism which would only lead to repartitioning the market .

Therefore they must be vigilant to ensure that any advice or document-passing with legal advisers for which legal professional privilege may be sought at some stage is done with external legal advisers .
therefore they must be vigilant to [make sure] that any advice or document-passing with legal advisers for which legal professional privilege may be sought at some stage is done with external legal advisers .

Quite apart from questions of competition policy , takeovers themselves must be the subject of rules , to ensure that investment decisions can be made on the basis of transparent markets and reliable information .
quite apart from questions of competition policy , takeovers themselves must be the subject of rules , to [make sure] that investment decisions can be made on the basis of transparent markets and reliable information .

Safeguards should be available to protect individual investors and ensure that all parties to a takeover are treated equally .
safeguards should be available to protect individual investors and [make sure] that all parties to a takeover are treated equally .

The stated aim of the Commission is to create a homogeneous market in takeovers , with adequate and equal safeguards for individual investors , and to ensure that all players in a takeover act fairly and proceed on an equal basis .
the stated aim of the commission is to create a homogeneous market in takeovers , with adequate and equal safeguards for individual investors , and to [make sure] that all players in a takeover act fairly and proceed on an equal basis .

They allow market forces to identify the more competitive firms and enable a restructuring of business , all of which is vital to ensure the international competitivity of the Community .
they allow market forces to identify the more competitive firms and enable a restructuring of business , all of which is vital to [make sure] the international competitivity of the community .

This will ensure that you remain within your aerobic range .
this will [make sure] that you remain within your aerobic range .

In particular , expert systems are able to accelerate the problem solving process , achieve consistency of decision making and most importantly , ensure the distribution of an organisation 's expertise .
in particular , expert systems are able to accelerate the problem solving process , achieve consistency of decision making and most importantly , [make sure] the distribution of an organisation 's expertise .

’ He glanced at Connors to ensure that the met man knew what he was talking about — Connors nodded .
’ he glanced at connors to [make sure] that the met man knew what he was talking about — connors nodded .

In order to be accepted as a Safe-Buy approved supplier , firms must prove through their accounting system that they are financially sound ; they must prove they hold proper current insurances ; they must supply a list of recent customers , at lest 12 of whom are contacted by the Safe-Buy team and asked about their satisfaction with their recent home improvement ; finally , further checks are made on the company through the relevant consumer protection associations to ensure that the applicants reputation is untarnished .
in order to be accepted as a safe-buy approved supplier , firms must prove through their accounting system that they are financially sound ; they must prove they hold proper current insurances ; they must supply a list of recent customers , at lest 12 of whom are contacted by the safe-buy team and asked about their satisfaction with their recent home improvement ; finally , further checks are made on the company through the relevant consumer protection associations to [make sure] that the applicants reputation is untarnished .

Although every effort is made to ensure that all details are correct at time of going to press , times and dates of events can vary .
although every effort is made to [make sure] that all details are correct at time of going to press , times and dates of events can vary .

We work closely with local Trading Standards Officers , to ensure that only bona fide members are allowed to use the Logo .
we work closely with local trading standards officers , to [make sure] that only bona fide members are allowed to use the logo .

On the day , first collect your number — most events now ask for a deposit , so ensure you have the correct money .
on the day , first collect your number — most events now ask for a deposit , so [make sure] you have the correct money .

Like people , horses need regular dental attention to ensure healthy teeth and gums .
like people , horses need regular dental attention to [make sure] healthy teeth and gums .

Before placing the gag in the horse 's mouth however , he first checks to ensure that there are no new or sore front teeth .
before placing the gag in the horse 's mouth however , he first checks to [make sure] that there are no new or sore front teeth .

The sound of the rasping changes as the teeth become smooth and Tom again feels the teeth to ensure they are all smooth .
the sound of the rasping changes as the teeth become smooth and tom again feels the teeth to [make sure] they are all smooth .

It is most important to ensure that they get enough milk .
it is most important to [make sure] that they get enough milk .

Traders like tavern-keepers in the Strand and wine merchants in St James 's Street , learnt to expect and tolerate late payment , and to ensure that any steps to obtain settlement were taken with the greatest diplomacy .
traders like tavern-keepers in the strand and wine merchants in st james 's street , learnt to expect and tolerate late payment , and to [make sure] that any steps to obtain settlement were taken with the greatest diplomacy .

Organizing respectable credit for respectable people became the respectable part of an accountant 's work , whose training enabled him to ensure that it was sound , that is , within the bounds of profitability .
organizing respectable credit for respectable people became the respectable part of an accountant 's work , whose training enabled him to [make sure] that it was sound , that is , within the bounds of profitability .

Traders/sellers found themselves having to sell more sophisticated goods to more sophisticated customers , and had to fine tune credit facilities designed to increase profitable trading to ensure they did not reduce it , let alone end it .
traders/sellers found themselves having to sell more sophisticated goods to more sophisticated customers , and had to fine tune credit facilities designed to increase profitable trading to [make sure] they did not reduce it , let alone end it .

The Code enjoined members to trade fairly and responsibly , to behave at all times with integrity , comply with all relevant legislation benefiting consumers , act responsibly and prudently in their marketing and advertising , ensure that its debt collection procedures conformed to the highest ethical standards .
the code enjoined members to trade fairly and responsibly , to behave at all times with integrity , comply with all relevant legislation benefiting consumers , act responsibly and prudently in their marketing and advertising , [make sure] that its debt collection procedures conformed to the highest ethical standards .

The Finance Houses Association were also anxious to ensure that collection practices conformed to the highest ethical standards .
the finance houses association were also anxious to [make sure] that collection practices conformed to the highest ethical standards .

Borrowers do , of course , have a responsibility to ensure that they are not overcommitting themselves , and the vast majority do so .
borrowers do , of course , have a responsibility to [make sure] that they are not overcommitting themselves , and the vast majority do so .

The Earl of Burlington , Sir John Hotham and Sir Marmaduke Constable were amongst those who subscribed £365 to ensure that the ‘ Kiplingcotes was ridd yearly on the third Thursday in March ’ .
the earl of burlington , sir john hotham and sir marmaduke constable were amongst those who subscribed £365 to [make sure] that the ‘ kiplingcotes was ridd yearly on the third thursday in march ’ .

Charlton proved that the legend was fictitious and attributed to it ‘ a monkish origin ’ , invented to ensure the continuance of a service for the abbey for which there was no longer any justification .
charlton proved that the legend was fictitious and attributed to it ‘ a monkish origin ’ , invented to [make sure] the continuance of a service for the abbey for which there was no longer any justification .

Beating the bounds , when the parishioners walked round the parish boundaries to ensure that everyone knew where they were in case of dispute , was associated with the Rogationtide crop blessing .
beating the bounds , when the parishioners walked round the parish boundaries to [make sure] that everyone knew where they were in case of dispute , was associated with the rogationtide crop blessing .

‘ PopCon has been doing research all over the world to establish that the majority of prospective parents would prefer a son to a daughter , and many would be prepared to undergo minor medical procedures to ensure that they got their wish , including the abortion of a female fetus , ’ Dorothy told a hushed audience in a room at a secret address in North London .
‘ popcon has been doing research all over the world to establish that the majority of prospective parents would prefer a son to a daughter , and many would be prepared to undergo minor medical procedures to [make sure] that they got their wish , including the abortion of a female fetus , ’ dorothy told a hushed audience in a room at a secret address in north london .

‘ They are investing in the development of a pill that will ensure male-only births .
‘ they are investing in the development of a pill that will [make sure] male-only births .

It will ensure that the memory of your wedding day will remain uppermost in the minds of your nearest and dearest .
it will [make sure] that the memory of your wedding day will remain uppermost in the minds of your nearest and dearest .

It makes sense though to ensure that your hands are clean when you insert a tampon because there is some evidence that tiny nail scratches on the vaginal wall can allow infectious organisms to enter the bloodstream .
it makes sense though to [make sure] that your hands are clean when you insert a tampon because there is some evidence that tiny nail scratches on the vaginal wall can allow infectious organisms to enter the bloodstream .

Some couples see their wedding photography as an eleventh hour item , or an area in which economies can be made , but poor blurred photographs or the wrong shots can prove a constant disappointment so it is wise to invest time and effort to ensure your photos remain a source of pleasure and joy .
some couples see their wedding photography as an eleventh hour item , or an area in which economies can be made , but poor blurred photographs or the wrong shots can prove a constant disappointment so it is wise to invest time and effort to [make sure] your photos remain a source of pleasure and joy .

Finally , try not to make your list too long — this will ensure that the items you really want are chosen first — and if necessary it can be added to at a later date .
finally , try not to make your list too long — this will [make sure] that the items you really want are chosen first — and if necessary it can be added to at a later date .

Many guests will want to deliver their presents personally at the reception , so remember to have your bridesmaids or best man on standby to ensure that they are taken care of .
many guests will want to deliver their presents personally at the reception , so remember to have your bridesmaids or best man on standby to [make sure] that they are taken care of .

France has grandiose plans to ensure that information technology will buoy up the nations economy and improve the quality of life . But the country is learning painfully that planning is not everything
france has grandiose plans to [make sure] that information technology will buoy up the nations economy and improve the quality of life . but the country is learning painfully that planning is not everything

Homogenisation — the forces keeping the genes in a family similar to each other — is more subtle ; but the way in which this can occur can now be explained by a variety of molecular mechanisms which ensure , willy-nilly , that one variant copy would replace all other copies .
homogenisation — the forces keeping the genes in a family similar to each other — is more subtle ; but the way in which this can occur can now be explained by a variety of molecular mechanisms which [make sure] , willy-nilly , that one variant copy would replace all other copies .

These contain a spinning mechanism that turns at a gentle 15 to 30 revolutions per minute — just enough to ensure convection and prevent cells from adhering to the glass walls of the bottle .
these contain a spinning mechanism that turns at a gentle 15 to 30 revolutions per minute — just enough to [make sure] convection and prevent cells from adhering to the glass walls of the bottle .

The reduction in employment of farm labour , the use of machine power , the adoption of simplified farming systems and the replanning of farm layout to ease farm operations are actions taken to ensure solvency in the light of changes in the structure of costs .
the reduction in employment of farm labour , the use of machine power , the adoption of simplified farming systems and the replanning of farm layout to ease farm operations are actions taken to [make sure] solvency in the light of changes in the structure of costs .

More studies are needed to ensure that the baits effectively attract the pest .
more studies are needed to [make sure] that the baits effectively attract the pest .

Event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where additional , ‘ redundant ’ equipment may be required to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .
event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to [make sure] a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where additional , ‘ redundant ’ equipment may be required to [make sure] this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .

Eventually Nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance required is that sufficient to ensure that the sites remain acceptable to the public .
eventually nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance required is that sufficient to [make sure] that the sites remain acceptable to the public .

Some Laboulbeniales even have so-called trigger organs to ensure judicious use of spores .
some laboulbeniales even have so-called trigger organs to [make sure] judicious use of spores .

Maybe Madison Avenue is too much with me , but a recent encounter with the National Institutes of Health left me convinced that biomedical research like air freshener and tapered nappies , creates markets to ensure its survival .
maybe madison avenue is too much with me , but a recent encounter with the national institutes of health left me convinced that biomedical research like air freshener and tapered nappies , creates markets to [make sure] its survival .

One night he detected a faint comet , went inside to check a star map to ensure there was no nebula in that position , but was unable to see it again when he went back outside .
one night he detected a faint comet , went inside to check a star map to [make sure] there was no nebula in that position , but was unable to see it again when he went back outside .

The shortage and rising prices of energy will ensure that modern building materials become even more expensive .
the shortage and rising prices of energy will [make sure] that modern building materials become even more expensive .

The manufacturers recognised that the camcorders would not catch on unless they adopted a common format allowing video enthusiasts to record and play back tapes on different models of machine , The standard the companies agreed is flexible in that it leaves room for technical developments before the camcorders go on sale , but is tight enough to ensure that all camcorders will eventually be compatible .
the manufacturers recognised that the camcorders would not catch on unless they adopted a common format allowing video enthusiasts to record and play back tapes on different models of machine , the standard the companies agreed is flexible in that it leaves room for technical developments before the camcorders go on sale , but is tight enough to [make sure] that all camcorders will eventually be compatible .

China says it wants to ensure its receiving equipment can pick up signals from Spot , which will transmit at a similar frequency to the thematic mapper .
china says it wants to [make sure] its receiving equipment can pick up signals from spot , which will transmit at a similar frequency to the thematic mapper .

Many animal killers like their prey to writhe and scream , not because they are sadistic but simply because that is the way they can ensure that they are about to eat fresh , healthy food .
many animal killers like their prey to writhe and scream , not because they are sadistic but simply because that is the way they can [make sure] that they are about to eat fresh , healthy food .

For allocation of resources is an area where conservatism of approach ( 'each child must have a textbook ' ) tends to combine with administrative convenience and often with the commercial interests of publishers and suppliers to ensure that limited financial resources available to schools are not used to their best advantage .
for allocation of resources is an area where conservatism of approach ( 'each child must have a textbook ' ) tends to combine with administrative convenience and often with the commercial interests of publishers and suppliers to [make sure] that limited financial resources available to schools are not used to their best advantage .

Frequently , moreover , there appears to be little concern that advice should be available to the teacher or headmaster , to ensure that he uses what few resources he has to best effect .
frequently , moreover , there appears to be little concern that advice should be available to the teacher or headmaster , to [make sure] that he uses what few resources he has to best effect .

Examinations are designed very largely to secure ease of marking since skilled markers are limited , and to ensure that , as far as possible , justice is seen to be one and that instances ( and accusations ) of nepotism or corruption are kept to a minimum .
examinations are designed very largely to secure ease of marking since skilled markers are limited , and to [make sure] that , as far as possible , justice is seen to be one and that instances ( and accusations ) of nepotism or corruption are kept to a minimum .

Consequently , syllabuses and teachers ' guides which depend on the full official time allocation for their completion , and many do , are doomed to failure , whereas a shorter and more manageable core , with optional and enrichment materials for better endowed schools and better teachers would ensure that minimum content was taught .
consequently , syllabuses and teachers ' guides which depend on the full official time allocation for their completion , and many do , are doomed to failure , whereas a shorter and more manageable core , with optional and enrichment materials for better endowed schools and better teachers would [make sure] that minimum content was taught .

‘ Once a theme ( e.g. conservation of soil ) is agreed upon it is up to all subject writers to ensure that it is woven into the content of materials produced ; made the subject for reading passages in language , for problems in mathematics , for field surveys in social studies and for practical demonstration in agriculture . '
‘ once a theme ( e.g. conservation of soil ) is agreed upon it is up to all subject writers to [make sure] that it is woven into the content of materials produced ; made the subject for reading passages in language , for problems in mathematics , for field surveys in social studies and for practical demonstration in agriculture . '

For their part any incomers see themselves as having made considerable sacrifices to come to Shetland , giving up their homes in the south near friends and perhaps relatives , and facing the possibility that while they are away inflation will ensure that they can not afford to buy their old houses back again when they return ( hence the price guarantees that the airlines are obliged to offer on their employees ' houses in Shetland ) .
for their part any incomers see themselves as having made considerable sacrifices to come to shetland , giving up their homes in the south near friends and perhaps relatives , and facing the possibility that while they are away inflation will [make sure] that they can not afford to buy their old houses back again when they return ( hence the price guarantees that the airlines are obliged to offer on their employees ' houses in shetland ) .

It would seem that great pains were taken to ensure that the potential division among Incomer/Shetlander lives would not be spoken about , and that if it was spoken about in a public forum , the arrival of incomers would be made to look less ominous .
it would seem that great pains were taken to [make sure] that the potential division among incomer/shetlander lives would not be spoken about , and that if it was spoken about in a public forum , the arrival of incomers would be made to look less ominous .

The army commanders demanded clothing , provisions , horses and other items from the city and to ensure that their demands were met they took two of the city 's Magistrates as hostages .
the army commanders demanded clothing , provisions , horses and other items from the city and to [make sure] that their demands were met they took two of the city 's magistrates as hostages .

For centuries , the Clan Campbell had been the enemies of Clan Macdonald and to ensure that no mercy was shown to the Macdonalds of Glencoe , the Campbells of Glen Lyon were instructed by Dalrymple to enforce the orders .
for centuries , the clan campbell had been the enemies of clan macdonald and to [make sure] that no mercy was shown to the macdonalds of glencoe , the campbells of glen lyon were instructed by dalrymple to enforce the orders .

William Dunlop had been bidding from the start and James Kilpatrick began with a bid of £4,500 , a sum almost certain to ensure purchase of the horse in normal circumstances .
william dunlop had been bidding from the start and james kilpatrick began with a bid of £4,500 , a sum almost certain to [make sure] purchase of the horse in normal circumstances .

To ensure that this is so it must be agreed that it is regarded as being beyond the capacity of the individual to alter , that is , it has to become ‘ sacred ’ , or enshrined in a ‘ god ’ .
to [make sure] that this is so it must be agreed that it is regarded as being beyond the capacity of the individual to alter , that is , it has to become ‘ sacred ’ , or enshrined in a ‘ god ’ .

Such people ensure the persistence of evil on earth by believing that the power of physical might shall prevail uncontrolled with complete disregard of the general good .
such people [make sure] the persistence of evil on earth by believing that the power of physical might shall prevail uncontrolled with complete disregard of the general good .

It is they who will ensure that the stream will inevitably be incorporated in the goodness which is the Created God .
it is they who will [make sure] that the stream will inevitably be incorporated in the goodness which is the created god .

Moreover , the way that question is answered can change the course of history , it can condemn millions to bloody war , or it can do much to ensure that they are spared that misery .
moreover , the way that question is answered can change the course of history , it can condemn millions to bloody war , or it can do much to [make sure] that they are spared that misery .

He may very soon be trying to use that enormous power endowed by evolution to ensure parental acceptance of responsibility , to ensure that we pander to his every whim — if we let him , probably by screaming and indulging in ‘ tantrums ’ .
he may very soon be trying to use that enormous power endowed by evolution to [make sure] parental acceptance of responsibility , to [make sure] that we pander to his every whim — if we let him , probably by screaming and indulging in ‘ tantrums ’ .

The vital role of the parents is to do all they can to ensure that the loss or diminution of love and friendship , will be the worst thing that can happen to their children if they transgress the legal and moral codes that control the society in which they will be living .
the vital role of the parents is to do all they can to [make sure] that the loss or diminution of love and friendship , will be the worst thing that can happen to their children if they transgress the legal and moral codes that control the society in which they will be living .

In principle a given plot of land produced one knight for a specified length of time each year ; to ensure that the service was regular and the responsibility clear , attempts were made — never very successfully , except for a time in England — to keep the holdings intact , to prevent their being divided between younger sons .
in principle a given plot of land produced one knight for a specified length of time each year ; to [make sure] that the service was regular and the responsibility clear , attempts were made — never very successfully , except for a time in england — to keep the holdings intact , to prevent their being divided between younger sons .

Even when there was not a conflict of jurisdiction , there would often be much coming and going between the courts to ensure that the various aspects of a complex case were handled in unison ( see pp .
even when there was not a conflict of jurisdiction , there would often be much coming and going between the courts to [make sure] that the various aspects of a complex case were handled in unison ( see pp .

One of the arts of the parent , the teacher , and the librarian is to ensure that the right book is in the right hands at the right moment .
one of the arts of the parent , the teacher , and the librarian is to [make sure] that the right book is in the right hands at the right moment .

Ask for advice and guidance but try to ensure that the policy decision-making and the responsibilities remain in your own hands .
ask for advice and guidance but try to [make sure] that the policy decision-making and the responsibilities remain in your own hands .

Having demonstrated their ability to cope with difficult users , ensure that such people 's worth is made known — and is rewarded .
having demonstrated their ability to cope with difficult users , [make sure] that such people 's worth is made known — and is rewarded .

Rather than all the rare qualities discussed , the person serving young people in the latter part of the century needs to be able to work in a no-nonsense way with young people , to be a good manager prepared to fight for a fair share of the funds , to ensure that staff are able to devote a generous amount of time to users of the services in groups and as individuals , and to ensure that there is a good stock of books and other materials to explore .
rather than all the rare qualities discussed , the person serving young people in the latter part of the century needs to be able to work in a no-nonsense way with young people , to be a good manager prepared to fight for a fair share of the funds , to [make sure] that staff are able to devote a generous amount of time to users of the services in groups and as individuals , and to [make sure] that there is a good stock of books and other materials to explore .

In brief , to ensure that the services are at least as efficient and effective as those provided for adult users — those who are , in short , politically more powerful .
in brief , to [make sure] that the services are at least as efficient and effective as those provided for adult users — those who are , in short , politically more powerful .

Acknowledging , then , the importance of positive attitudes in those who work with young readers , how can we ensure that all staff possess such attitudes ?
acknowledging , then , the importance of positive attitudes in those who work with young readers , how can we [make sure] that all staff possess such attitudes ?

We can , of course , select staff who are ‘ young-user-friendly ’ , and then try to ensure that they remain so by encouragement .
we can , of course , select staff who are ‘ young-user-friendly ’ , and then try to [make sure] that they remain so by encouragement .

The Act also includes a Scheme of Operations designed to ensure that the construction of the tunnel produces a minimum adverse environmental impact in Kent .
the act also includes a scheme of operations designed to [make sure] that the construction of the tunnel produces a minimum adverse environmental impact in kent .

It involves close cooperation between central and local authorities and is designed to ensure that large scale developments bring the greatest possible benefit to the areas in which they are sited through , for example , the use of local labour and materials .
it involves close cooperation between central and local authorities and is designed to [make sure] that large scale developments bring the greatest possible benefit to the areas in which they are sited through , for example , the use of local labour and materials .

In Britain , however , there is a little evidence of a comprehensive strategy to ensure that Kent , or any other region , can take full advantage of the Tunnel .
in britain , however , there is a little evidence of a comprehensive strategy to [make sure] that kent , or any other region , can take full advantage of the tunnel .

In its report of that name published in November 1987 it called for a full national strategy in cooperation with Eurotunnel , British Rail and regional interests to ensure that the potential benefits of the Tunnel are maximised ; the support of necessary infrastructure projects which do not meet current criteria for approval ; and a full technical study of the feasibility of a high speed rail link between Manchester and Continental Europe .
in its report of that name published in november 1987 it called for a full national strategy in cooperation with eurotunnel , british rail and regional interests to [make sure] that the potential benefits of the tunnel are maximised ; the support of necessary infrastructure projects which do not meet current criteria for approval ; and a full technical study of the feasibility of a high speed rail link between manchester and continental europe .

Within future curricula , this aspect of the building surveyor 's career may need greater emphasis , to ensure he holds the ground he has already gained .
within future curricula , this aspect of the building surveyor 's career may need greater emphasis , to [make sure] he holds the ground he has already gained .

An increasingly perceptive and litigation-conscious clientele , combined with the abolition of fee scales and the introduction of fee tendering , will ensure that only those practices with an awareness of management skills will survive .
an increasingly perceptive and litigation-conscious clientele , combined with the abolition of fee scales and the introduction of fee tendering , will [make sure] that only those practices with an awareness of management skills will survive .

No plan should be inflexible , the services offered and the demands of clients should be monitored constantly to ensure that both are compatible .
no plan should be inflexible , the services offered and the demands of clients should be monitored constantly to [make sure] that both are compatible .

The value of on-the-job training for junior staff should be maximised and where necessary different types of work ( or staff ) moved around the office to ensure an even distribution of basic knowledge .
the value of on-the-job training for junior staff should be maximised and where necessary different types of work ( or staff ) moved around the office to [make sure] an even distribution of basic knowledge .

With the profession having accepted the need for a formalised system of Continued Professional Development ( see Chapter 5 ) it will be necessary to devise specifically designed training programmes and to manage these at a senior level to ensure that they are effectively maintained .
with the profession having accepted the need for a formalised system of continued professional development ( see chapter 5 ) it will be necessary to devise specifically designed training programmes and to manage these at a senior level to [make sure] that they are effectively maintained .

Effective personnel management requires considerable time and effort , and annual interviews ( appraisals ) are necessary to ensure a progressive environment in which partners and staff can develop and the business of the firm be discharged with increasing quality and efficiency .
effective personnel management requires considerable time and effort , and annual interviews ( appraisals ) are necessary to [make sure] a progressive environment in which partners and staff can develop and the business of the firm be discharged with increasing quality and efficiency .

Likewise any project or assignment needs a system of control to ensure that it proceeds in the manner designed .
likewise any project or assignment needs a system of control to [make sure] that it proceeds in the manner designed .

The area of site control is complicated by the fact that the partner or manager of the job has not only to control his own staff and their performance , but also has to ensure — on behalf of his client — that the work being done under his direction by third parties is also properly progressed .
the area of site control is complicated by the fact that the partner or manager of the job has not only to control his own staff and their performance , but also has to [make sure] — on behalf of his client — that the work being done under his direction by third parties is also properly progressed .

If the job surveyor is given autonomy in certain areas then the manager must ensure that he has a system of job control which enables him to keep abreast of the progress of the job and be able to compare surveyor and contractor performance in one operation .
if the job surveyor is given autonomy in certain areas then the manager must [make sure] that he has a system of job control which enables him to keep abreast of the progress of the job and be able to compare surveyor and contractor performance in one operation .

Brief site visits are not sufficient to supervise work effectively and the surveyor must ensure that adequate time is set aside when on site to look closely at the work executed since the last inspection .
brief site visits are not sufficient to supervise work effectively and the surveyor must [make sure] that adequate time is set aside when on site to look closely at the work executed since the last inspection .

In general the more complex the legal structure chosen the more important will be the need to ensure that the design and operation of the financial management systems are sound .
in general the more complex the legal structure chosen the more important will be the need to [make sure] that the design and operation of the financial management systems are sound .

how should the system be controlled to ensure it is working properly ?
how should the system be controlled to [make sure] it is working properly ?

The practical difficulty , of course , is to ensure that a partner agrees to a dormant status .
the practical difficulty , of course , is to [make sure] that a partner agrees to a dormant status .

It also believes that planning can ensure that new buildings are designed in a way which it likes , and has an ability to prevent anything , however small , happening near its own house which reduces its value or interferes with the way in which it has been in the habit of using it .
it also believes that planning can [make sure] that new buildings are designed in a way which it likes , and has an ability to prevent anything , however small , happening near its own house which reduces its value or interferes with the way in which it has been in the habit of using it .

This power of call-in is a threat which counties use to ensure ‘ sensible ’ decisions by districts .
this power of call-in is a threat which counties use to [make sure] ‘ sensible ’ decisions by districts .

Early discussion with the authority 's officers to see exactly what information they require with the application , as well as to ensure that the proposed development is basically acceptable to the authority obviously helps to reduce the time needed .
early discussion with the authority 's officers to see exactly what information they require with the application , as well as to [make sure] that the proposed development is basically acceptable to the authority obviously helps to reduce the time needed .

For example , it is becoming increasingly necessary for much proposed new development to ensure that it is mentioned in the local plan .
for example , it is becoming increasingly necessary for much proposed new development to [make sure] that it is mentioned in the local plan .

The client will probably negotiate with the contractor before a contract is signed to ensure his needs will be met , and once the contract is signed he will have little involvement until the building is complete .
the client will probably negotiate with the contractor before a contract is signed to [make sure] his needs will be met , and once the contract is signed he will have little involvement until the building is complete .

Where the surveyor is in the position of administering , say , three projects in each of which a different contract is used , it can be difficult to ensure that the correct procedure is being followed .
where the surveyor is in the position of administering , say , three projects in each of which a different contract is used , it can be difficult to [make sure] that the correct procedure is being followed .

The surveyor should also ensure his client is informed , not only of the claim itself but also of progress in dealing with it .
the surveyor should also [make sure] his client is informed , not only of the claim itself but also of progress in dealing with it .

The first and most important step , therefore , was to give the orders to ensure a lessening of tension in the neck area so that the normal functioning of the Primary Control could be restored .
the first and most important step , therefore , was to give the orders to [make sure] a lessening of tension in the neck area so that the normal functioning of the primary control could be restored .

Be sure that the books used are paperback as this will ensure more comfort .
be sure that the books used are paperback as this will [make sure] more comfort .

You will not only be easing or preventing serious backache , but you will ensure that the discs in the spine are able to maintain their correct shape for longer .
you will not only be easing or preventing serious backache , but you will [make sure] that the discs in the spine are able to maintain their correct shape for longer .

‘ Although we want to increase the choice for visitors , ’ Ashcroft says , ‘ we also want to ensure that they foster a caring attitude to the places they visit .
‘ although we want to increase the choice for visitors , ’ ashcroft says , ‘ we also want to [make sure] that they foster a caring attitude to the places they visit .

News of this reached the press , pig-lovers throughout the country came to the rescue and enough money was donated or pledged interest-free to ensure the herd 's survival .
news of this reached the press , pig-lovers throughout the country came to the rescue and enough money was donated or pledged interest-free to [make sure] the herd 's survival .

She stays on location for a while , to ensure everything is running smoothly .
she stays on location for a while , to [make sure] everything is running smoothly .

No self-respecting Victorian or Edwardian woman would have been without a nail buffer , usually made from chamois leather , to ensure that her fingertips were always gleaming .
no self-respecting victorian or edwardian woman would have been without a nail buffer , usually made from chamois leather , to [make sure] that her fingertips were always gleaming .

Volvo and Renault cars are being developed together . How will you ensure they 're different ?
volvo and renault cars are being developed together . how will you [make sure] they 're different ?

While some industry guides are pessimistic about Porsche 's predicted residuals , the company is confident that the cars ’ exclusivity and an improvement in the market will ensure good residuals .
while some industry guides are pessimistic about porsche 's predicted residuals , the company is confident that the cars ’ exclusivity and an improvement in the market will [make sure] good residuals .

Both cars spun on to the grass outfield , Senna 's McLaren minus its left front wheel and Mansell 's car damaged badly enough to ensure his retirement .
both cars spun on to the grass outfield , senna 's mclaren minus its left front wheel and mansell 's car damaged badly enough to [make sure] his retirement .

On longer journeys , the gas turbine cuts in to take the strain off the batteries and to ensure they are charged up ready for when the car next drives into a city .
on longer journeys , the gas turbine cuts in to take the strain off the batteries and to [make sure] they are charged up ready for when the car next drives into a city .

An hour 's rehearsal was n't much but sufficient to ensure an almost trouble free , if distinctly unrefined performance .
an hour 's rehearsal was n't much but sufficient to [make sure] an almost trouble free , if distinctly unrefined performance .

How are you going to ensure that Care in the Community is not just a pipe dream ?
how are you going to [make sure] that care in the community is not just a pipe dream ?

Mrs. Jarrett had also contributed to the Le Court admissions policy document which was written in 1978 and is used as a guideline to ensure that the ethos of the home is retained .
mrs. jarrett had also contributed to the le court admissions policy document which was written in 1978 and is used as a guideline to [make sure] that the ethos of the home is retained .

• The development of contract arrangements with the private and voluntary sector to ensure consumers have maximum choice in deciding which service most suits their needs , for example residential and day care .
• the development of contract arrangements with the private and voluntary sector to [make sure] consumers have maximum choice in deciding which service most suits their needs , for example residential and day care .

Put the board up , too , by all means — yes , it 's quite all right ; such things are not prohibited in Catkin Lane — but the handbills would ensure that everybody got to know about you .
put the board up , too , by all means — yes , it 's quite all right ; such things are not prohibited in catkin lane — but the handbills would [make sure] that everybody got to know about you .

Paula was amazed by the security arrangements that were necessary to ensure that the new season 's collections remained exclusive — the windows at the rear of the premises were heavily barred and practically the first thing she had to do on commencing her employment was to sign a contract promising that she would not breathe a word about the designs she saw .
paula was amazed by the security arrangements that were necessary to [make sure] that the new season 's collections remained exclusive — the windows at the rear of the premises were heavily barred and practically the first thing she had to do on commencing her employment was to sign a contract promising that she would not breathe a word about the designs she saw .

Paddle styles also vary , long , short , cranked , etc , and , as single bladed paddle paddles are used , changeover routines are practised to maximize effort and ensure a constant pace .
paddle styles also vary , long , short , cranked , etc , and , as single bladed paddle paddles are used , changeover routines are practised to maximize effort and [make sure] a constant pace .

My parents , like thousands of other black people , had scrimped and scraped and saved for years to ensure that we had a better life .
my parents , like thousands of other black people , had scrimped and scraped and saved for years to [make sure] that we had a better life .

On the high points where the tree clumps are mostly situated , conditions may well be specially favourable for regenerated trees to survive to full maturity , thus helping to ensure the continuation of the position and form of the clump .
on the high points where the tree clumps are mostly situated , conditions may well be specially favourable for regenerated trees to survive to full maturity , thus helping to [make sure] the continuation of the position and form of the clump .

This is verging on the tragic , because even if there is only a remote chance of these clumps being survivors from prehistoric times , it must be our duty to ensure their continuity .
this is verging on the tragic , because even if there is only a remote chance of these clumps being survivors from prehistoric times , it must be our duty to [make sure] their continuity .

Other stones would ensure an engagement , the success of a marriage , or the easing of childbirth .
other stones would [make sure] an engagement , the success of a marriage , or the easing of childbirth .

It is just such a spirit that would be wanted to animate the fertility of the earth and ensure the continuance of increase and plenty in the plants and animals that a browsing existence depends upon .
it is just such a spirit that would be wanted to animate the fertility of the earth and [make sure] the continuance of increase and plenty in the plants and animals that a browsing existence depends upon .

In creating artificial forms they were not only careful to ensure that their siting was appropriate but also that all the elements in the design , such as shape , proportion and size , respected Nature rather than acted against it .
in creating artificial forms they were not only careful to [make sure] that their siting was appropriate but also that all the elements in the design , such as shape , proportion and size , respected nature rather than acted against it .

The Nimbus engineers also ensure that the ever-lovely Vocalise emits a particularly warm glow .
the nimbus engineers also [make sure] that the ever-lovely vocalise emits a particularly warm glow .

Fundamentally , the debate is about how to ensure effective corporate governance . Are there real checks and limits to the power of ‘ the boss ’ ? And does the board add value by enhancing the wisdom of management as well as holding it to account ? The answer can be determined by the following criteria :
fundamentally , the debate is about how to [make sure] effective corporate governance . are there real checks and limits to the power of ‘ the boss ’ ? and does the board add value by enhancing the wisdom of management as well as holding it to account ? the answer can be determined by the following criteria :

The editor and her senior staff must live or die by satisfying the consumer with the product they have to sell — one monthly mag — in order to ensure repeat sales .
the editor and her senior staff must live or die by satisfying the consumer with the product they have to sell — one monthly mag — in order to [make sure] repeat sales .

it will help to ensure continuing good health .
it will help to [make sure] continuing good health .

The nystatin treatment must continue at the full dose for at least two months , to ensure that all the Candida has been destroyed .
the nystatin treatment must continue at the full dose for at least two months , to [make sure] that all the candida has been destroyed .

To ensure that the brand of yoghurt you are buying really is live , add a spoonful to some warm milk that has been heated to boiling point and then allowed to cool .
to [make sure] that the brand of yoghurt you are buying really is live , add a spoonful to some warm milk that has been heated to boiling point and then allowed to cool .

You should eat plenty of meat and fish while on the diet to ensure you get enough protein , and a vitamin and mineral supplement ( see p 330 ) may be necessary .
you should eat plenty of meat and fish while on the diet to [make sure] you get enough protein , and a vitamin and mineral supplement ( see p 330 ) may be necessary .

Compliance audits to ensure a company is complying with all relevant environmental regulations and company policy .
compliance audits to [make sure] a company is complying with all relevant environmental regulations and company policy .

We must also ensure that we can identify local variations from the national pattern ’ .
we must also [make sure] that we can identify local variations from the national pattern ’ .

The constraints upon dental materials are so severe that lengthy procedures to ensure the safety and efficacy of new products must be undertaken .
the constraints upon dental materials are so severe that lengthy procedures to [make sure] the safety and efficacy of new products must be undertaken .

This important legal ruling that the untaught deaf and dumb could be held responsible for the crimes they committed helped to ensure that another uneducated deaf woman was punished for the infanticide of her child .
this important legal ruling that the untaught deaf and dumb could be held responsible for the crimes they committed helped to [make sure] that another uneducated deaf woman was punished for the infanticide of her child .

Thus an opportunity had to be missed by the Library Association to assert its outright rejection of library censorship , using one of the few pieces of legislation that ensure that libraries exist and in a manner free from censorship .
thus an opportunity had to be missed by the library association to assert its outright rejection of library censorship , using one of the few pieces of legislation that [make sure] that libraries exist and in a manner free from censorship .

Ultimately the requirement is to act professionally and that , at the very least , should ensure a consistent approach to the issue of censorship .
ultimately the requirement is to act professionally and that , at the very least , should [make sure] a consistent approach to the issue of censorship .

However , until that stage is reached , all we can do is to ensure that the animals whose flesh we devour are given the best possible lifestyle and are then despatched as quickly and painlessly as possible .
however , until that stage is reached , all we can do is to [make sure] that the animals whose flesh we devour are given the best possible lifestyle and are then despatched as quickly and painlessly as possible .

It is important when testing a cat 's hearing to ensure that you make the noise to check its reactions out of sight of the cat .
it is important when testing a cat 's hearing to [make sure] that you make the noise to check its reactions out of sight of the cat .

It is the responsibility of each candidate to ensure that his script is received by an invigilator .
it is the responsibility of each candidate to [make sure] that his script is received by an invigilator .

Student access of personal data is strictly controlled under guidelines issued by Computer Services to ensure compliance with the Data Protection Act .
student access of personal data is strictly controlled under guidelines issued by computer services to [make sure] compliance with the data protection act .

The Health and Safety at Work ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1978 requires the University to ensure , as far as is reasonably practicable , that students are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
the health and safety at work ( northern ireland ) order 1978 requires the university to [make sure] , as far as is reasonably practicable , that students are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .

The Department has plans to promote a wide range of activities for the community as a whole and to work closely with other bodies in the field to ensure the fullest use of resources .
the department has plans to promote a wide range of activities for the community as a whole and to work closely with other bodies in the field to [make sure] the fullest use of resources .

Ward objectives will help to ensure that the learner 's training programme is co-ordinated .
ward objectives will help to [make sure] that the learner 's training programme is co-ordinated .

Frequent supervision whilst the student attains proficiency is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .
frequent supervision whilst the student attains proficiency is therefore necessary to [make sure] that a good technique is developed .

This is not only in the interests of the student but also helps to ensure a good standard of nursing .
this is not only in the interests of the student but also helps to [make sure] a good standard of nursing .

It is in the interest of the senior staff to ensure that the best nursing care is given , and that the learner is safe and reliable .
it is in the interest of the senior staff to [make sure] that the best nursing care is given , and that the learner is safe and reliable .

It is the responsibility of the clinical teacher to ensure that everyone understands her role and the important part she plays in nurse education .
it is the responsibility of the clinical teacher to [make sure] that everyone understands her role and the important part she plays in nurse education .

The ward staff should understand that the primary role of the clinical teacher is to teach and to ensure that the students obtain the maximum benefit from their ward allocation .
the ward staff should understand that the primary role of the clinical teacher is to teach and to [make sure] that the students obtain the maximum benefit from their ward allocation .

The clinical teacher also has a responsibility to ensure that a high standard of nursing care is given to the patient .
the clinical teacher also has a responsibility to [make sure] that a high standard of nursing care is given to the patient .

The job is what the individual makes it , and the onus is on the clinical teacher to explain her role and ensure that it is recognised by all .
the job is what the individual makes it , and the onus is on the clinical teacher to explain her role and [make sure] that it is recognised by all .

The senior nurse will ensure that the learner is checking and giving drugs in the correct way .
the senior nurse will [make sure] that the learner is checking and giving drugs in the correct way .

Discussion of the problems and treatment of each patient in relation to nursing care planned will help ensure that the learner understands the rationale for such care .
discussion of the problems and treatment of each patient in relation to nursing care planned will help [make sure] that the learner understands the rationale for such care .

The teacher must ensure that the student is relaxed , so that stress does not interfere with learning .
the teacher must [make sure] that the student is relaxed , so that stress does not interfere with learning .

Constant review and revision of the learning programme must be undertaken to ensure its continuing relevance .
constant review and revision of the learning programme must be undertaken to [make sure] its continuing relevance .

Here we check to ensure that the students have the knowledge and skills necessary to begin the piece of learning .
here we check to [make sure] that the students have the knowledge and skills necessary to begin the piece of learning .

This step should ensure that the difficulty level and the volume of material in any one session are right for the students .
this step should [make sure] that the difficulty level and the volume of material in any one session are right for the students .

It is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules required during performance .
it is necessary for the teacher to [make sure] that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules required during performance .

The tutor and clinical teacher can give guidance and support to ensure that too large a topic is not undertaken : ‘ advice to patients before discharge ’ needs to be narrowed to an area of care which is part of the modular experience .
the tutor and clinical teacher can give guidance and support to [make sure] that too large a topic is not undertaken : ‘ advice to patients before discharge ’ needs to be narrowed to an area of care which is part of the modular experience .

‘ Confusion ’ may be another associated problem . Why does confusion occur ? How does the nurse manage the confused patient ? What are the advantages and dangers of oxygen administration ? Does the patient smoke ? How do you ensure patient safety ?
‘ confusion ’ may be another associated problem . why does confusion occur ? how does the nurse manage the confused patient ? what are the advantages and dangers of oxygen administration ? does the patient smoke ? how do you [make sure] patient safety ?

Ensure that all objectives can be met by the programme provided .
[make sure] that all objectives can be met by the programme provided .

Notice boards must be large enough to ensure that displayed items are not overlapping and obscuring one another .
notice boards must be large enough to [make sure] that displayed items are not overlapping and obscuring one another .

If you are preparing a lecture on the roll , care must be taken to ensure that the ink is dry before winding on , or else the result will be disastrous .
if you are preparing a lecture on the roll , care must be taken to [make sure] that the ink is dry before winding on , or else the result will be disastrous .

Is it to be given to ensure that everyone has the correct drawing or to save time ?
is it to be given to [make sure] that everyone has the correct drawing or to save time ?

Care must be taken to ensure that completed worksheets are evaluated .
care must be taken to [make sure] that completed worksheets are evaluated .

In return it tries to ensure that the quality of life at each of the four campuses offers a rewarding , pleasurable and fulfilling experience to each member of the student community .
in return it tries to [make sure] that the quality of life at each of the four campuses offers a rewarding , pleasurable and fulfilling experience to each member of the student community .

The Department intends to develop a wide range of activities for the community and to work closely with other bodies in the field to ensure the fullest use of resources .
the department intends to develop a wide range of activities for the community and to work closely with other bodies in the field to [make sure] the fullest use of resources .

Each year the Service works closely with employers and with the providers of postgraduate courses to ensure that all students are aware of the opportunities available to them .
each year the service works closely with employers and with the providers of postgraduate courses to [make sure] that all students are aware of the opportunities available to them .

The major concern is to ensure that they have a realistic chance of completing a course : this is clearly of special importance both to them and to the University .
the major concern is to [make sure] that they have a realistic chance of completing a course : this is clearly of special importance both to them and to the university .

These computer workshops have been included to ensure that graduates will have ‘ hands on ’ experience of the accounting and business software that is of increasing importance to the accountancy profession .
these computer workshops have been included to [make sure] that graduates will have ‘ hands on ’ experience of the accounting and business software that is of increasing importance to the accountancy profession .

The proposed Clothing Industry Management degree has its origins in the perceived need in the clothing industry for well-educated managers to ensure a viable future .
the proposed clothing industry management degree has its origins in the perceived need in the clothing industry for well-educated managers to [make sure] a viable future .

He was at great pains to ensure that the public did not associate his performers with the bad name that dancers usually had .
he was at great pains to [make sure] that the public did not associate his performers with the bad name that dancers usually had .

These were usually called early in the morning to ensure that the other passengers were not disturbed .
these were usually called early in the morning to [make sure] that the other passengers were not disturbed .

If you are returning to work after child or relative care , try to ensure that you can earn enough in the remainder of that tax year to take you above the lower earnings limit .
if you are returning to work after child or relative care , try to [make sure] that you can earn enough in the remainder of that tax year to take you above the lower earnings limit .

Give your Theatrecard/Friends membership number to ensure priority booking ( if applicable )
give your theatrecard/friends membership number to [make sure] priority booking ( if applicable )

It had started out as a ship 's boiler but Selwyn had acquired it some years before to ensure a plentiful supply of soft water for his garden .
it had started out as a ship 's boiler but selwyn had acquired it some years before to [make sure] a plentiful supply of soft water for his garden .

This does not necessarily ensure wide application of the research but it does provide various ‘ models ’ of development in different environments which increase the likelihood that , by identifying with one or another model , other schools adopt and adapt the work to suit their particular needs .
this does not necessarily [make sure] wide application of the research but it does provide various ‘ models ’ of development in different environments which increase the likelihood that , by identifying with one or another model , other schools adopt and adapt the work to suit their particular needs .

And although some personnel may sit on several committees of the various bodies this is not enough to ensure adequate liaison , because there may be a conflict of loyalties .
and although some personnel may sit on several committees of the various bodies this is not enough to [make sure] adequate liaison , because there may be a conflict of loyalties .

To consider what steps might be taken to ensure practical action , including the implementation of the results of research .
to consider what steps might be taken to [make sure] practical action , including the implementation of the results of research .

The responsibilities of the patient , such as to attend sessions , to be frank about progress , and to work actively at his problems ; and of the therapist , including to keep arrangements made , to listen , to ensure confidentiality , and to help the patient find solutions to his difficulties where possible .
the responsibilities of the patient , such as to attend sessions , to be frank about progress , and to work actively at his problems ; and of the therapist , including to keep arrangements made , to listen , to [make sure] confidentiality , and to help the patient find solutions to his difficulties where possible .

However , as elsewhere in this book , details of each case , including the patients ' names , have been modified in order to ensure anonymity .
however , as elsewhere in this book , details of each case , including the patients ' names , have been modified in order to [make sure] anonymity .

At the same time , realistic encouragement should be given to ensure that the patient remains hopeful about his eventual outcome .
at the same time , realistic encouragement should be given to [make sure] that the patient remains hopeful about his eventual outcome .

It may be helpful , therefore , to ensure that all staff on the ward take a turn working in the intensive care area .
it may be helpful , therefore , to [make sure] that all staff on the ward take a turn working in the intensive care area .

To ensure that privacy , individuality and respect , as well as a range of opportunities/options are available to all residents in the Home .
to [make sure] that privacy , individuality and respect , as well as a range of opportunities/options are available to all residents in the home .

Discuss with each person in your care a suitable day and night routine to help ensure dry clothing and dry bedding .
discuss with each person in your care a suitable day and night routine to help [make sure] dry clothing and dry bedding .

Proper training beforehand , preferably by a qualified physiotherapist , is essential to ensure good , safe practice .
proper training beforehand , preferably by a qualified physiotherapist , is essential to [make sure] good , safe practice .

Ensure that you have a secure base by standing with your feet comfortably apart and with your ‘ leading foot ’ pointing in the direction of the movement you need to make .
[make sure] that you have a secure base by standing with your feet comfortably apart and with your ‘ leading foot ’ pointing in the direction of the movement you need to make .

In order to ensure that everyone keeps to the laws there are specific penalties , such as fines or imprisonment , for those found guilty of breaking the law .
in order to [make sure] that everyone keeps to the laws there are specific penalties , such as fines or imprisonment , for those found guilty of breaking the law .

If societies ‘ need ’ crime then it is logical to assume that they will ensure that there will be crime .
if societies ‘ need ’ crime then it is logical to assume that they will [make sure] that there will be crime .

For Fisher , speaking on his Education Bill in 1917 , the ‘ governing conception ’ of the proposals was to ensure ‘ the production of good citizens ’ , which was now a matter of some urgency since the extension of the franchise had put ‘ a greater demand than ever before upon the civic spirit ’ .
for fisher , speaking on his education bill in 1917 , the ‘ governing conception ’ of the proposals was to [make sure] ‘ the production of good citizens ’ , which was now a matter of some urgency since the extension of the franchise had put ‘ a greater demand than ever before upon the civic spirit ’ .

However , despite any differences , all financial intermediaries must manage their balance sheets to ensure that no fundamental mis-match arises between deposits and loans as regards maturity and interest cost .
however , despite any differences , all financial intermediaries must manage their balance sheets to [make sure] that no fundamental mis-match arises between deposits and loans as regards maturity and interest cost .

The exporter 's main obligation is to ensure the documents of title and bill of exchange ( s ) are in order , as any discrepancies may result in nonpayment or acceptance by the confirming bank .
the exporter 's main obligation is to [make sure] the documents of title and bill of exchange ( s ) are in order , as any discrepancies may result in nonpayment or acceptance by the confirming bank .

For the issuing bank , the documents of title provide some control over the goods and may be used to ensure re-sale proceeds of the importer are paid to it .
for the issuing bank , the documents of title provide some control over the goods and may be used to [make sure] re-sale proceeds of the importer are paid to it .

Similarly , banks make merchandise loans to enable customers to cope with seasonal imports especially where bulk purchases might ensure considerable discounts .
similarly , banks make merchandise loans to enable customers to cope with seasonal imports especially where bulk purchases might [make sure] considerable discounts .

The most desirable situation is to ensure , if possible , that the export or project 's receipts are in the currency of a loan as this facilitates interest and principal payments .
the most desirable situation is to [make sure] , if possible , that the export or project 's receipts are in the currency of a loan as this facilitates interest and principal payments .

The participating banks rely on the integrity of the syndicate leader who has a moral obligation to ensure the information provided by the borrower is correct .
the participating banks rely on the integrity of the syndicate leader who has a moral obligation to [make sure] the information provided by the borrower is correct .

Planning department 's role is then to ensure that plans are prepared , to help the chief executive to review the proposed plans , and to consolidate and present a total corporate-wide plan .
planning department 's role is then to [make sure] that plans are prepared , to help the chief executive to review the proposed plans , and to consolidate and present a total corporate-wide plan .

Whatever style of planning management is used , the overriding need for understanding the business is to ensure that no important issues are neglected .
whatever style of planning management is used , the overriding need for understanding the business is to [make sure] that no important issues are neglected .

However , we will not pursue here that very important problem ( see : Devlin & Murphy ( 1988 ) ) . Rather , on the assumption that the firm manages to devise effective mechanisms for routeing potentially relevant information from the external environment to its decision makers , we will ask : ‘ How should we try to ensure that the information , when it arrives on the executive 's desk , is usable by that executive ? ’
however , we will not pursue here that very important problem ( see : devlin & murphy ( 1988 ) ) . rather , on the assumption that the firm manages to devise effective mechanisms for routeing potentially relevant information from the external environment to its decision makers , we will ask : ‘ how should we try to [make sure] that the information , when it arrives on the executive 's desk , is usable by that executive ? ’

They can help bridge the communication divide between information system technologist and the ultimate user , and also ensure that due account is taken of the quality and type of information that is being manipulated , communicated and stored on the systems .
they can help bridge the communication divide between information system technologist and the ultimate user , and also [make sure] that due account is taken of the quality and type of information that is being manipulated , communicated and stored on the systems .

It is expected that this combination will not only ensure the continuing existence of the profession but also identify a high potential for information managers and librarians and a rapid growth in the requirements for their services .
it is expected that this combination will not only [make sure] the continuing existence of the profession but also identify a high potential for information managers and librarians and a rapid growth in the requirements for their services .

This strategy included implementing a revised and ‘ thinned down ’ curriculum and trying to ensure supplies of school materials for these grades .
this strategy included implementing a revised and ‘ thinned down ’ curriculum and trying to [make sure] supplies of school materials for these grades .

The state should not only ensure the conditions for teaching and learning but should also be supporting the community .
the state should not only [make sure] the conditions for teaching and learning but should also be supporting the community .

We fill thought space but do n't forget there are a lot of creative people preparing the programmes just to ensure there will be an adequate choice .
we fill thought space but do n't forget there are a lot of creative people preparing the programmes just to [make sure] there will be an adequate choice .

The set-piece debates are usually more interesting , albeit that one gets the impression speakers are carefully sifted in the way that Tory Party conferences ensure that the boat is not rocked too violently .
the set-piece debates are usually more interesting , albeit that one gets the impression speakers are carefully sifted in the way that tory party conferences [make sure] that the boat is not rocked too violently .

In making demands of a child you need to ensure that the request is appropriate to his or her age and ability , and that you are not expecting too much .
in making demands of a child you need to [make sure] that the request is appropriate to his or her age and ability , and that you are not expecting too much .

Parents should ensure that they do not encourage persistent disobedience by rewarding bad behaviour .
parents should [make sure] that they do not encourage persistent disobedience by rewarding bad behaviour .

This disciplinary technique is designed to ensure that minor misdemeanours such as whining , pestering and tantrums have no reinforcing consequences , and it requires a great deal of control and consistency on your part .
this disciplinary technique is designed to [make sure] that minor misdemeanours such as whining , pestering and tantrums have no reinforcing consequences , and it requires a great deal of control and consistency on your part .

Overreacting with shock and dismay when the child first comes out with a four-letter word is the best way to ensure he or she uses it again and again .
overreacting with shock and dismay when the child first comes out with a four-letter word is the best way to [make sure] he or she uses it again and again .

Explain the system carefully and do ensure that it is seen to be fair .
explain the system carefully and do [make sure] that it is seen to be fair .

ensure that you and your teenager are well informed ;
[make sure] that you and your teenager are well informed ;

It demonstrates how Conservative administrations in the 1980s have been determined to reduce public expenditure and to ensure that support is ultimately dependent on central-government approval — a constant theme in inner-urban policy , which later chapters explore .
it demonstrates how conservative administrations in the 1980s have been determined to reduce public expenditure and to [make sure] that support is ultimately dependent on central-government approval — a constant theme in inner-urban policy , which later chapters explore .

One of the main reasons for the government introducing the system is to ensure that more residents pay for local services .
one of the main reasons for the government introducing the system is to [make sure] that more residents pay for local services .

Attempts were to be made to ensure that the cities would continue to do well out of the rate-support grant .
attempts were to be made to [make sure] that the cities would continue to do well out of the rate-support grant .

Consensus and co-operation would ensure success .
consensus and co-operation would [make sure] success .

Limitations on virement ensure that the annual budgetary cycle becomes vitally important .
limitations on virement [make sure] that the annual budgetary cycle becomes vitally important .

In addition , festivals can ensure a concentrated attack on a particular site , can stimulate local employment and help to solve local planning problems ( DoE , 1983 ; O'Connell , 1986 ) .
in addition , festivals can [make sure] a concentrated attack on a particular site , can stimulate local employment and help to solve local planning problems ( doe , 1983 ; o'connell , 1986 ) .

However , where boundaries have not yet been defined it is important that decisions should ensure the exclusion of land which might be needed for development at some future date .
however , where boundaries have not yet been defined it is important that decisions should [make sure] the exclusion of land which might be needed for development at some future date .

On housing ‘ it is not in general desirable to seek to control the disposal of private houses through planning restrictions ’ ; on industry and commerce ‘ policies and proposals … should promote and not hinder the regeneration of industry and reflect an up to date and realistic view of the scale , pattern and diversity of industry ’ ; on retail development ‘ policies and proposals should neither seek to regulate competition between retailers nor to stifle the evolution of new forms of retail provision ’ ; and on agriculture and forestry ‘ authorities should take account of the need to ensure that no more than an essential minimum of agricultural land is diverted to development ’ .
on housing ‘ it is not in general desirable to seek to control the disposal of private houses through planning restrictions ’ ; on industry and commerce ‘ policies and proposals … should promote and not hinder the regeneration of industry and reflect an up to date and realistic view of the scale , pattern and diversity of industry ’ ; on retail development ‘ policies and proposals should neither seek to regulate competition between retailers nor to stifle the evolution of new forms of retail provision ’ ; and on agriculture and forestry ‘ authorities should take account of the need to [make sure] that no more than an essential minimum of agricultural land is diverted to development ’ .

The Town and Country Planning ( Minerals ) Act of 1981 recognised the unique nature of mineral working as an industrial activity and created mineral planning authorities to oversee the process and ensure the restoration of the land after its mineral resources are exhausted .
the town and country planning ( minerals ) act of 1981 recognised the unique nature of mineral working as an industrial activity and created mineral planning authorities to oversee the process and [make sure] the restoration of the land after its mineral resources are exhausted .

The government 's overall aim is to ensure that planning control ensures the provision of much needed industrial materials at the least possible environmental cost .
the government 's overall aim is to [make sure] that planning control ensures the provision of much needed industrial materials at the least possible environmental cost .

The use of planning agreements and conditions could ensure the upgrading of these areas through sensitive development although the loss of any Green Belt land is guaranteed to raise a storm of protest .
the use of planning agreements and conditions could [make sure] the upgrading of these areas through sensitive development although the loss of any green belt land is guaranteed to raise a storm of protest .

Ensure that the axes are long enough to cover the whole range , or be prepared to omit points from the graph .
[make sure] that the axes are long enough to cover the whole range , or be prepared to omit points from the graph .

Data analysts must not be put off using the best techniques available in case they are misunderstood , but they have an important responsibility to explain what they have done to try to ensure that misunderstandings do not arise .
data analysts must not be put off using the best techniques available in case they are misunderstood , but they have an important responsibility to explain what they have done to try to [make sure] that misunderstandings do not arise .

Thus , Ruangpanit concludes that in such regions , especially where it is necessary to ensure watershed protection so that downstream regions are not affected by flooding or excessive silting , crown cover should be maintained at c. 70 per cent with as little bare soil as possible .
thus , ruangpanit concludes that in such regions , especially where it is necessary to [make sure] watershed protection so that downstream regions are not affected by flooding or excessive silting , crown cover should be maintained at c. 70 per cent with as little bare soil as possible .

Many of these people are migrants from the lowlands , where most of the country 's agriculture is located , who have little money to invest to ensure success in the longer term and who lack security of tenure to make farming the heritage enterprise that it is in many nations .
many of these people are migrants from the lowlands , where most of the country 's agriculture is located , who have little money to invest to [make sure] success in the longer term and who lack security of tenure to make farming the heritage enterprise that it is in many nations .

There is also the corollary that the economic significance of tropical timber will ensure its survival ( Cross 1988 ) .
there is also the corollary that the economic significance of tropical timber will [make sure] its survival ( cross 1988 ) .

The economic significance of British woodlands throughout history ( sections 4.1 and 4.2 ) did not , however , ensure their survival to any great extent , nor is there any guarantee that tropical forest plantations will succeed , though as Mather ( 1987 ) points out , their prospects are promising .
the economic significance of british woodlands throughout history ( sections 4.1 and 4.2 ) did not , however , [make sure] their survival to any great extent , nor is there any guarantee that tropical forest plantations will succeed , though as mather ( 1987 ) points out , their prospects are promising .

There is also an increasing trend towards agroforestry which involves a combination of tree and agricultural crops ; the silvicultural component may be used to provide a crop and to ensure environmental protection .
there is also an increasing trend towards agroforestry which involves a combination of tree and agricultural crops ; the silvicultural component may be used to provide a crop and to [make sure] environmental protection .

Neither is viable without the other and both require careful management to ensure that their viability is perpetuated .
neither is viable without the other and both require careful management to [make sure] that their viability is perpetuated .

Steps were taken to ensure that the nodes were not perturbed more than once , but no checks were made to determine whether the perturbation process caused sliver polygons to be created .
steps were taken to [make sure] that the nodes were not perturbed more than once , but no checks were made to determine whether the perturbation process caused sliver polygons to be created .

To help ensure the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the Community as well as the integration of European environmental data into international environmental monitoring programmes , such as those established within the framework of the United Nations and its system of agencies .
to help [make sure] the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the community as well as the integration of european environmental data into international environmental monitoring programmes , such as those established within the framework of the united nations and its system of agencies .

In a letter confirming their arrangement which Scott sent on the same day , his main concern was to ensure the approval of Stanley and the India Council .
in a letter confirming their arrangement which scott sent on the same day , his main concern was to [make sure] the approval of stanley and the india council .

Wyatt submitted Scott 's letter to the India Council and , as a result , his official letter of 1st January , 1859 entrusted Scott with ‘ the architectural superintendence of the building ’ , except that to ensure :
wyatt submitted scott 's letter to the india council and , as a result , his official letter of 1st january , 1859 entrusted scott with ‘ the architectural superintendence of the building ’ , except that to [make sure] :

Elcho told the House about Palmerston 's reaction to the delegation and , pointing to the Government 's slender majority , asked them to ensure that the subject would not become a ‘ see-saw ’ .
elcho told the house about palmerston 's reaction to the delegation and , pointing to the government 's slender majority , asked them to [make sure] that the subject would not become a ‘ see-saw ’ .

do not fill hot water bottles with water that is too hot and ensure that they are covered
do not fill hot water bottles with water that is too hot and [make sure] that they are covered

ensure enough ventilation to keep the air fresh in rooms where heating appliances are in use
[make sure] enough ventilation to keep the air fresh in rooms where heating appliances are in use

keep doors and windows closed , but remember to ensure enough ventilation to keep the air fresh in rooms where heating appliances are in use
keep doors and windows closed , but remember to [make sure] enough ventilation to keep the air fresh in rooms where heating appliances are in use

Refrigerated display cabinets are micro-processor controlled to ensure that they run at exactly the correct temperature — cold enough to preserve food properly , not so cold that they waste energy .
refrigerated display cabinets are micro-processor controlled to [make sure] that they run at exactly the correct temperature — cold enough to preserve food properly , not so cold that they waste energy .

Both China and India were signatories , but only on condition that they received substantial assistance from the West ( both financial and technological ) to ensure that they were not penalized economically for having to use the more expensive alternatives to CFCs .
both china and india were signatories , but only on condition that they received substantial assistance from the west ( both financial and technological ) to [make sure] that they were not penalized economically for having to use the more expensive alternatives to cfcs .

Holidays and business trips abroad are now commonplace occurrences and an elaborate network of international communication attempts to ensure the safety of travellers by land , sea and air .
holidays and business trips abroad are now commonplace occurrences and an elaborate network of international communication attempts to [make sure] the safety of travellers by land , sea and air .

For public buildings — shops , hotels , warehouses — proprietors have the responsibility to take adequate precautions against fire and there is legislation which permits inspection of premises to ensure that the necessary safety measures are enforced .
for public buildings — shops , hotels , warehouses — proprietors have the responsibility to take adequate precautions against fire and there is legislation which permits inspection of premises to [make sure] that the necessary safety measures are enforced .

syphilis so that treatment can be provided to ensure that the baby is not infected .
syphilis so that treatment can be provided to [make sure] that the baby is not infected .

Nowadays , in most industrialised countries , national measures to ensure safe water are taken for granted but in several developing countries , polluted water is a major cause of diarrhoeal disease , often with a high mortality rate .
nowadays , in most industrialised countries , national measures to [make sure] safe water are taken for granted but in several developing countries , polluted water is a major cause of diarrhoeal disease , often with a high mortality rate .

For instance , the body has many reserve capacities which ensure that vital functions can continue even when an organ is injured or diseased : there is more lung tissue than is normally required , there is reserve liver tissue , there are two kidneys , eyes and ears .
for instance , the body has many reserve capacities which [make sure] that vital functions can continue even when an organ is injured or diseased : there is more lung tissue than is normally required , there is reserve liver tissue , there are two kidneys , eyes and ears .

The nub of informed consent , they say , is that every human of adult years and sound mind has a right to determine what will be done with his body , and they trace the history of informed consent citing the Nuremberg Code ( 1949 ) and the Declaration of Helsinki ( 1964 , amended 1983 ) , which in the aftermath of war atrocities , attempted to ensure the principle of informed consent .
the nub of informed consent , they say , is that every human of adult years and sound mind has a right to determine what will be done with his body , and they trace the history of informed consent citing the nuremberg code ( 1949 ) and the declaration of helsinki ( 1964 , amended 1983 ) , which in the aftermath of war atrocities , attempted to [make sure] the principle of informed consent .

How do electric fences help to ensure ( i ) that the right amount of grass is had by the cattle . and ( ii ) that the soil is manured evenly ?
how do electric fences help to [make sure] ( i ) that the right amount of grass is had by the cattle . and ( ii ) that the soil is manured evenly ?

This process is called a Proving of the remedy and strict criteria are laid down in order to ensure that the true action of the remedy is brought out and not any interferences from other sources .
this process is called a proving of the remedy and strict criteria are laid down in order to [make sure] that the true action of the remedy is brought out and not any interferences from other sources .

In Australia and Western Europe , child care is nationally regulated and liberally funded to ensure that it conforms to standards veriﬁed by research to foster children ’ s learning , social competence , and emotional security .
in australia and western europe , child care is nationally regulated and liberally funded to [make sure] that it conforms to standards veriﬁed by research to foster children ’ s learning , social competence , and emotional security .

Moreover , parents must ensure that time at the computer does not interfere with the variety of experiences children need to learn at their best .
moreover , parents must [make sure] that time at the computer does not interfere with the variety of experiences children need to learn at their best .

Nevertheless , you might want to encourage a quiet , inactive child to engage in active play from time to time—to ensure healthy exercise and to broaden the child ’ s experiences .
nevertheless , you might want to encourage a quiet , inactive child to engage in active play from time to time—to [make sure] healthy exercise and to broaden the child ’ s experiences .

The best way for parents to ensure that only children fare well is to engage them in development-enhancing dialogues , to impose reasonable expectations for mature behavior , and to discipline effectively .
the best way for parents to [make sure] that only children fare well is to engage them in development-enhancing dialogues , to impose reasonable expectations for mature behavior , and to discipline effectively .

Parents , teachers , and school systems can work together to ensure that each child takes the next appropriate steps toward mastering the range of capabilities needed for school success .
parents , teachers , and school systems can work together to [make sure] that each child takes the next appropriate steps toward mastering the range of capabilities needed for school success .

Parents who capitalize on these moments ensure that their children internalize the history , values , knowledge , skills , habits , practices , and understandings of their families and communities .
parents who capitalize on these moments [make sure] that their children internalize the history , values , knowledge , skills , habits , practices , and understandings of their families and communities .

This helps ensure that language is understandable because it is in tune with ongoing events .
this helps [make sure] that language is understandable because it is in tune with ongoing events .

Maybe she should restrict herself to this year ’ s data to ensure that it is as current as possible .
maybe she should restrict herself to this year ’ s data to [make sure] that it is as current as possible .

The higher the demand uncertainty , the more safety stock is required to ensure a low probability of stocking out .
the higher the demand uncertainty , the more safety stock is required to [make sure] a low probability of stocking out .

By monitoring the inventory continuously , they ensure that it never falls below s before placing an order .
by monitoring the inventory continuously , they [make sure] that it never falls below s before placing an order .

These restrictions ensure that the weave of the cloth is aligned along the length of the garment .
these restrictions [make sure] that the weave of the cloth is aligned along the length of the garment .

If the type of defect and its location are deemed unacceptable , then the bolt of cloth is cut and a new ply started with enough overlap to ensure that all pattern pieces are whole and without defects .
if the type of defect and its location are deemed unacceptable , then the bolt of cloth is cut and a new ply started with enough overlap to [make sure] that all pattern pieces are whole and without defects .

To ensure that sewing workers remain busy and operate at high productivity , apparel manufacturers traditionally carry large ready-to-sew cut goods in front of their sewing lines .
to [make sure] that sewing workers remain busy and operate at high productivity , apparel manufacturers traditionally carry large ready-to-sew cut goods in front of their sewing lines .

For example , the Secretary of Labor has used his or her “ bully pulpit ” to call attention to the problem , urging the public , retailers , and manufacturers to avoid purchasing products made in workplaces that do not meet the standards.27 Various reports have also publicized government enforcement actions to deter contractors , jobbers , manufacturers , and retailers from violating the standards , such as the release of a series of government reports on the extent of violations and the penalties assessed against violators.28 In yet another example , Duke University ’ s adoption of a code of conduct to ensure that apparel items bearing the university ’ s name are not made in sweatshops has received public support .
for example , the secretary of labor has used his or her “ bully pulpit ” to call attention to the problem , urging the public , retailers , and manufacturers to avoid purchasing products made in workplaces that do not meet the standards.27 various reports have also publicized government enforcement actions to deter contractors , jobbers , manufacturers , and retailers from violating the standards , such as the release of a series of government reports on the extent of violations and the penalties assessed against violators.28 in yet another example , duke university ’ s adoption of a code of conduct to [make sure] that apparel items bearing the university ’ s name are not made in sweatshops has received public support .

Finally , voluntary agreements among channel participants to ensure compliance—which sometimes have arisen from efforts to increase public pressure—have been employed at various times .
finally , voluntary agreements among channel participants to [make sure] compliance—which sometimes have arisen from efforts to increase public pressure—have been employed at various times .

Whether one is cooking a meal , dressing for a party , assembling a garden , or decorating a Christmas tree and nativity scene , a rascuache sensibility will ensure that the final outcome will be elaborate , colorful , an unrestrained aggregate of rich resources .
whether one is cooking a meal , dressing for a party , assembling a garden , or decorating a christmas tree and nativity scene , a rascuache sensibility will [make sure] that the final outcome will be elaborate , colorful , an unrestrained aggregate of rich resources .

In addition to embedding the states in the rule of law , the new constitutional order embarked on an affirmative program to ensure equality among those citizens subject to the jurisdiction of the United States .
in addition to embedding the states in the rule of law , the new constitutional order embarked on an affirmative program to [make sure] equality among those citizens subject to the jurisdiction of the united states .

Government was no longer instituted simply to keep the peace , deliver the mail , and protect us from foreign enemies but also to ensure that we not descend into the kind of evil that seared the soul of the first American Republic .
government was no longer instituted simply to keep the peace , deliver the mail , and protect us from foreign enemies but also to [make sure] that we not descend into the kind of evil that seared the soul of the first american republic .

It would have to observe the transactions that occurred in the marketplace to ensure that they did not approach the danger zone of “ involuntary servitude. ” The war itself and this consequent postbellum policy of necessary vigilance laid the foundation for the later expressions of compassion for the weak and defenseless .
it would have to observe the transactions that occurred in the marketplace to [make sure] that they did not approach the danger zone of “ involuntary servitude. ” the war itself and this consequent postbellum policy of necessary vigilance laid the foundation for the later expressions of compassion for the weak and defenseless .

A new conception of government might yet emerge to realize the ambitions of Gettysburg , to ensure equality of all those “ created equal ” as it simultaneously promotes a “ new birth of freedom. ” It is as though nothing has been resolved .
a new conception of government might yet emerge to realize the ambitions of gettysburg , to [make sure] equality of all those “ created equal ” as it simultaneously promotes a “ new birth of freedom. ” it is as though nothing has been resolved .

Last call at pubs is at 11 sharp , to ensure that guests don ’ t linger much beyond 11:15 .
last call at pubs is at 11 sharp , to [make sure] that guests don ’ t linger much beyond 11:15 .

Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to [make sure] that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .

A friendly welcome and a pleasant garden and private beach help to ensure that this place continues to be popular .
a friendly welcome and a pleasant garden and private beach help to [make sure] that this place continues to be popular .

The cardinal also created the Académie Française in 1635 to ensure the purity and clarity of the French language through its Dictionnaire and its Grammaire .
the cardinal also created the académie française in 1635 to [make sure] the purity and clarity of the french language through its dictionnaire and its grammaire .

It actually comprises several shopping centers seamlessly interconnected to ensure maximum customer and cash turnover .
it actually comprises several shopping centers seamlessly interconnected to [make sure] maximum customer and cash turnover .

Founded as far back as the 6th century , the shrine is so sacred that , until the fresh wind of reforms instituted during the Meiji era beginning 1868 , pregnant women and the seriously ill were carried to the mainland to ensure that no births or deaths would occur on the island .
founded as far back as the 6th century , the shrine is so sacred that , until the fresh wind of reforms instituted during the meiji era beginning 1868 , pregnant women and the seriously ill were carried to the mainland to [make sure] that no births or deaths would occur on the island .

The natural snowfall is often augmented by snow-making equipment to ensure adequate powder .
the natural snowfall is often augmented by snow-making equipment to [make sure] adequate powder .

Festivals and Folklore Despite increasing urbanization and social change , Japanese society retains its small , closely knit communities strongly dependent on Shinto gods to ensure good harvests for survival .
festivals and folklore despite increasing urbanization and social change , japanese society retains its small , closely knit communities strongly dependent on shinto gods to [make sure] good harvests for survival .

Tradition dictates a toss of a coin over your shoulder to ensure a return trip .
tradition dictates a toss of a coin over your shoulder to [make sure] a return trip .

It ’ s not a place if you ’ re in a rush , as all meals are cooked individually to ensure freshness .
it ’ s not a place if you ’ re in a rush , as all meals are cooked individually to [make sure] freshness .

Hong Kong chefs prepare traditional Chinese food , and the island ’ s two largest saltwater tanks ensure that all seafood is absolutely fresh .
hong kong chefs prepare traditional chinese food , and the island ’ s two largest saltwater tanks [make sure] that all seafood is absolutely fresh .

Despite new high-rise construction underway , the myriad traditional shophouses — both Chinese and Indian — ensure the city ’ s former qualities are still within reach .
despite new high-rise construction underway , the myriad traditional shophouses — both chinese and indian — [make sure] the city ’ s former qualities are still within reach .

Stalin ’ s man , Mátyás Rákosi , established his sinister AVO secret police to ensure compliance with party doctrine .
stalin ’ s man , mátyás rákosi , established his sinister avo secret police to [make sure] compliance with party doctrine .

The Balaton authorities also ensure that the lake is kept clean and calm by banning motor boats ( with exceptions that require special permits ) .
the balaton authorities also [make sure] that the lake is kept clean and calm by banning motor boats ( with exceptions that require special permits ) .

Within the town itself , the city government has strict guidelines that ensure the architectural integrity of Vallarta , and in recent years has implemented a successful campaign to maintain the cleanliness of the town .
within the town itself , the city government has strict guidelines that [make sure] the architectural integrity of vallarta , and in recent years has implemented a successful campaign to maintain the cleanliness of the town .

When the expulsion of the moriscos — once the town ’ s agricultural labourers — threatened the fertility of Orihuela ’ s crops in 1609 , brave townspeople hid away enough converted Moors to ensure a good harvest .
when the expulsion of the moriscos — once the town ’ s agricultural labourers — threatened the fertility of orihuela ’ s crops in 1609 , brave townspeople hid away enough converted moors to [make sure] a good harvest .

Straight as a rod , it slopes down to the place de la Concorde through a lovely parade of chestnut trees , the object of careful replanting to ensure that the avenue retains its elegant beauty .
straight as a rod , it slopes down to the place de la concorde through a lovely parade of chestnut trees , the object of careful replanting to [make sure] that the avenue retains its elegant beauty .

The boats are brightly colored and carefully tended to ensure that they are always in peak condition — not one is splintered or sun-bleached .
the boats are brightly colored and carefully tended to [make sure] that they are always in peak condition — not one is splintered or sun-bleached .

Today it operates very much as it did during the Golden Age with banking , trade , and modern ” pilgrims ” ( in the form of tourists ) to ensure that it remains a wealthy city .
today it operates very much as it did during the golden age with banking , trade , and modern ” pilgrims ” ( in the form of tourists ) to [make sure] that it remains a wealthy city .

US president John F. Kennedy imposed a naval blockade on the island to ensure no more missiles arrived and insisted that the existing ones be removed .
us president john f. kennedy imposed a naval blockade on the island to [make sure] no more missiles arrived and insisted that the existing ones be removed .

Reservations are recommended , to ensure a good table .
reservations are recommended , to [make sure] a good table .

Make certain to look for the Agave Azul ( 100 % blue agave ) legend on the bottle to ensure you are purchasing Tequila ’ s best .
make certain to look for the agave azul ( 100 % blue agave ) legend on the bottle to [make sure] you are purchasing tequila ’ s best .

The best way to ensure good seats for the top attractions is to picnic on the grass before the show begins .
the best way to [make sure] good seats for the top attractions is to picnic on the grass before the show begins .

Positive long-term solutions will ensure that Bermuda continues to enjoy the wealth , security , and comfort it has created for itself .
positive long-term solutions will [make sure] that bermuda continues to enjoy the wealth , security , and comfort it has created for itself .

Park wardens give you a ticket , to be surrendered at the other end to ensure that no one is left stranded in the gorge at the end of the day , and the descent begins at the xilóskalon ( wooden staircase ) .
park wardens give you a ticket , to be surrendered at the other end to [make sure] that no one is left stranded in the gorge at the end of the day , and the descent begins at the xilóskalon ( wooden staircase ) .

At Baiyunguan the first courtyard features the Wind Containing Bridge , where visitors attempt to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins .
at baiyunguan the first courtyard features the wind containing bridge , where visitors attempt to [make sure] their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins .

In the side halls there are shrines where the devout can appeal to the proper god to cure eye problems , ensure the birth of a son , pass an examination , get a good job , and increase longevity .
in the side halls there are shrines where the devout can appeal to the proper god to cure eye problems , [make sure] the birth of a son , pass an examination , get a good job , and increase longevity .

Lobbying campaign To help ensure that such services continue , the Maryland State Bar Association and other advocates are lobbying legislators to explain how legal services help constituents in every district .
lobbying campaign to help [make sure] that such services continue , the maryland state bar association and other advocates are lobbying legislators to explain how legal services help constituents in every district .

LSC President John Erlenborn recently testified to Congress that the organization had instituted an oversight system run by 12 lawyers and other employees to ensure that its programs do not violate the rule .
lsc president john erlenborn recently testified to congress that the organization had instituted an oversight system run by 12 lawyers and other employees to [make sure] that its programs do not violate the rule .

The TEAJF grants will allow 39 Texas organizations , five of which are located in Dallas County and two of which are located in Tarrant County , to continue or increase their services to ensure that all Texans are afforded access to justice .
the teajf grants will allow 39 texas organizations , five of which are located in dallas county and two of which are located in tarrant county , to continue or increase their services to [make sure] that all texans are afforded access to justice .

It is our duty as a democratic society - and as compassionate leaders in the state of Washington - to make sure that we really do ensure justice for all .
it is our duty as a democratic society - and as compassionate leaders in the state of washington - to make sure that we really do [make sure] justice for all .

He hopes a streamlined and more efficient network can be put in place to ensure that Floridians who need help have access to it .
he hopes a streamlined and more efficient network can be put in place to [make sure] that floridians who need help have access to it .

Hankinson , the Supreme Court of Texas liaison to the Foundation , has worked tirelessly to ensure that poor and low-income Texans are afforded access to justice .
hankinson , the supreme court of texas liaison to the foundation , has worked tirelessly to [make sure] that poor and low-income texans are afforded access to justice .

In family situations , for example , lawyers must ensure that powers of attorney and guardianships are used to serve only the person transferring or losing rights .
in family situations , for example , lawyers must [make sure] that powers of attorney and guardianships are used to serve only the person transferring or losing rights .

In fact , the additional fees will ensure wider access to the judicial system for Kentucky 's poor , said Geveden , D-Wickliffe .
in fact , the additional fees will [make sure] wider access to the judicial system for kentucky 's poor , said geveden , d-wickliffe .

Some of the ways the funds will be spent include : $ 90,000 to hire a civil justice attorney , at $ 45,000 a year for two years , to ensure that all victims of domestic violence are represented at second hearings in PFAs and assisted with other civil matters .
some of the ways the funds will be spent include : $ 90,000 to hire a civil justice attorney , at $ 45,000 a year for two years , to [make sure] that all victims of domestic violence are represented at second hearings in pfas and assisted with other civil matters .

Members of the state 's Access to Justice Network , these organizations work with thousands of volunteer attorneys to ensure that justice is available to those who face critical legal problems and ca n't afford private legal counsel .
members of the state 's access to justice network , these organizations work with thousands of volunteer attorneys to [make sure] that justice is available to those who face critical legal problems and ca n't afford private legal counsel .

Zelon works to ensure that her misdemeanor court is a relatively welcoming place for the defendants she comes face to face with on a daily basis .
zelon works to [make sure] that her misdemeanor court is a relatively welcoming place for the defendants she comes face to face with on a daily basis .

Zelon acknowledges that she makes an effort to ensure that jurors leave her courtroom with a sense of confidence in the organization of courtroom proceedings and the effectiveness of the trial-by-jury system .
zelon acknowledges that she makes an effort to [make sure] that jurors leave her courtroom with a sense of confidence in the organization of courtroom proceedings and the effectiveness of the trial-by-jury system .

It is not just compassionate to ensure that legal services of this type are available ; it is also in the broader interest of communities and society .
it is not just compassionate to [make sure] that legal services of this type are available ; it is also in the broader interest of communities and society .

Michael W. Martin , a Fordham University School of Law professor who sits on the LSNY board , however , countered that the changes were narrowly tailored to ensure effective monitoring by LSNY , while still preserving the power of local boards to run their programs .
michael w. martin , a fordham university school of law professor who sits on the lsny board , however , countered that the changes were narrowly tailored to [make sure] effective monitoring by lsny , while still preserving the power of local boards to run their programs .

Unfortunately , there was no mention of the Capital Region 's own Legal Aid Society of Northeastern New York , the nonprofit organization that works to ensure that justice is available to the poor , the disabled and the endangered members of our community .
unfortunately , there was no mention of the capital region 's own legal aid society of northeastern new york , the nonprofit organization that works to [make sure] that justice is available to the poor , the disabled and the endangered members of our community .

In addition , California Supreme Court Chief Justice Ronald George made `` access to justice '' issues a top priority , and a growing community of judicial , legal and civic leaders committed to expanding legal aid is working to ensure that what little funding is available is used in the most efficient way possible .
in addition , california supreme court chief justice ronald george made `` access to justice '' issues a top priority , and a growing community of judicial , legal and civic leaders committed to expanding legal aid is working to [make sure] that what little funding is available is used in the most efficient way possible .

I think that some clarifications are necessary to ensure we are using common language and common definitions .
i think that some clarifications are necessary to [make sure] we are using common language and common definitions .

Along with encouraging the implementation of effective interventions in the ED setting , it is also necessary to develop strategies to ensure sustainability of those interventions .
along with encouraging the implementation of effective interventions in the ed setting , it is also necessary to develop strategies to [make sure] sustainability of those interventions .

Little has been done to ensure that people involved in this system receive necessary treatment for their disease .
little has been done to [make sure] that people involved in this system receive necessary treatment for their disease .

Brown 's IRB required a mental status exam to ensure patients could understand the research dimensions of the project before they could be enrolled in the study .
brown 's irb required a mental status exam to [make sure] patients could understand the research dimensions of the project before they could be enrolled in the study .

High specificity is also desirable to help ensure that positive tests represent real problems .
high specificity is also desirable to help [make sure] that positive tests represent real problems .

Documentation would also help ensure interventions would not be repeated unnecessarily .
documentation would also help [make sure] interventions would not be repeated unnecessarily .

Page 3 GAO-02-957T We are pleased that the Administration has just released the national homeland security strategy and GAO stands ready to work with the Congress and the Administration to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism .
page 3 gao-02-957t we are pleased that the administration has just released the national homeland security strategy and gao stands ready to work with the congress and the administration to [make sure] that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism .

The President 's national homeland security strategy does provide for a proposed definition of homeland security , which should help the government to more effectively administer , fund and coordinate activities both inside and outside a new department and to ensure that all parties are focused on the same goals and objectives , results and outcomes .
the president 's national homeland security strategy does provide for a proposed definition of homeland security , which should help the government to more effectively administer , fund and coordinate activities both inside and outside a new department and to [make sure] that all parties are focused on the same goals and objectives , results and outcomes .

This is necessary to ensure a consensus on identified problems and needs , and to be sure that the solutions our government legislates and implements can effectively remedy the problems we face in a timely manner .
this is necessary to [make sure] a consensus on identified problems and needs , and to be sure that the solutions our government legislates and implements can effectively remedy the problems we face in a timely manner .

Congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .
congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to [make sure] the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .

For example , the U.S. government needs to ensure that there are sufficient staff at overseas posts with the right training and experience to make good decisions about who should and who should not receive a visa .
for example , the u.s. government needs to [make sure] that there are sufficient staff at overseas posts with the right training and experience to make good decisions about who should and who should not receive a visa .

Food Safety and Security : Fundamental Changes Needed to Ensure Safe Food , October 10 , 2001 ( GAO-02-47T ) .
food safety and security : fundamental changes needed to [make sure] safe food , october 10 , 2001 ( gao-02-47t ) .

Given the scope and nature of challenges facing the new department , the critical question is how can we ensure that the essential transformation and management issues receive the sustained , top-level attention that they require .
given the scope and nature of challenges facing the new department , the critical question is how can we [make sure] that the essential transformation and management issues receive the sustained , top-level attention that they require .

Raising the organizational profile of transformation and management issues is important to ensure that the individual has the authority needed to successfully lead department-wide initiatives .
raising the organizational profile of transformation and management issues is important to [make sure] that the individual has the authority needed to successfully lead department-wide initiatives .

A term appointment would provide continuity that spans the tenure of the political leadership and thereby help to ensure that long-term stewardship issues are addressed and change management initiatives are successfully completed .
a term appointment would provide continuity that spans the tenure of the political leadership and thereby help to [make sure] that long-term stewardship issues are addressed and change management initiatives are successfully completed .

These flexibilities are generally provided as part of the appropriations process and consider the balance between accountability and flexibility to ensure that Congress is a partner in the spending of taxpayer funds .
these flexibilities are generally provided as part of the appropriations process and consider the balance between accountability and flexibility to [make sure] that congress is a partner in the spending of taxpayer funds .

Page 20 GAO-02-957T Congress has an important oversight role to play in helping to ensure the effective implementation of the new department .
page 20 gao-02-957t congress has an important oversight role to play in helping to [make sure] the effective implementation of the new department .

Food Safety and Security : Fundamental Changes Needed to Ensure Safe Food ( GAO-02-47T , October 10 , 2001 ) .
food safety and security : fundamental changes needed to [make sure] safe food ( gao-02-47t , october 10 , 2001 ) .

Similarly , to address IRS 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in New York has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that taxpayers affected by the events of September 11 , 2001 , are treated and audited according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy regarding affected taxpayers are adhered to .
similarly , to address irs 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in new york has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to [make sure] that taxpayers affected by the events of september 11 , 2001 , are treated and audited according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy regarding affected taxpayers are adhered to .

Partnerships : Partnerships and coalitions can help senior executives work collaboratively with their customers to ensure that the organization takes into account their multiple interests and achieves results .
partnerships : partnerships and coalitions can help senior executives work collaboratively with their customers to [make sure] that the organization takes into account their multiple interests and achieves results .

Basis for senior executive appraisals Examples of employee perspective expectations Training • Ensure that employees have the tools and training to perform their jobs .
basis for senior executive appraisals examples of employee perspective expectations training • [make sure] that employees have the tools and training to perform their jobs .

To address VBA 's performance expectation for senior executives to ensure that plans exist and are adequately implemented to recruit , train , retain , motivate , empower , and advance employees , the senior executive in VBA 's Manila , Philippines , Regional Office and Outpatient Clinic conducted focus groups to identify actions needed to respond to the results of the 1999 employee survey .
to address vba 's performance expectation for senior executives to [make sure] that plans exist and are adequately implemented to recruit , train , retain , motivate , empower , and advance employees , the senior executive in vba 's manila , philippines , regional office and outpatient clinic conducted focus groups to identify actions needed to respond to the results of the 1999 employee survey .

The senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the assessment tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to ensure that individual development plans are met .
the senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the assessment tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to [make sure] that individual development plans are met .

Safe and healthy work environment : Senior executives can provide employees with safe , secure , and healthful work conditions to ensure that the workspace is conducive to effective performance .
safe and healthy work environment : senior executives can provide employees with safe , secure , and healthful work conditions to [make sure] that the workspace is conducive to effective performance .

Specifically , to prepare the office in case suspicious materials are received , the senior executive reviewed and updated its emergency evacuation plan and then met with employees to ensure they understood the plan 's procedures and were comfortable with their responsibilities .
specifically , to prepare the office in case suspicious materials are received , the senior executive reviewed and updated its emergency evacuation plan and then met with employees to [make sure] they understood the plan 's procedures and were comfortable with their responsibilities .

Further , the senior executive plans to ensure that territory managers solicit feedback from customers on their treatment during these activities and identify specific reasons for any customer dissatisfaction .
further , the senior executive plans to [make sure] that territory managers solicit feedback from customers on their treatment during these activities and identify specific reasons for any customer dissatisfaction .

Subsequently , the senior executive set an expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that the field office has a strong recruitment program to attract viable candidates .
subsequently , the senior executive set an expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to [make sure] that the field office has a strong recruitment program to attract viable candidates .

He also has an expectation to ensure his field offices hold timely workgroup meetings and develop and implement action plans to address concerns identified during these meetings .
he also has an expectation to [make sure] his field offices hold timely workgroup meetings and develop and implement action plans to address concerns identified during these meetings .

To help ensure realistic and consistent performance ratings , each IRS business unit has a `` point budget '' for assigning performance ratings that is the total of four points for each senior executive in the unit .
to help [make sure] realistic and consistent performance ratings , each irs business unit has a `` point budget '' for assigning performance ratings that is the total of four points for each senior executive in the unit .

Serve current and future publics : Ensure the National Environmental Policy Act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions ; reduce threats to public health , safety , and property by completing deferred maintenance projects ; continue action on energy and mineral leases , permits , and claims ; implement BLM 's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives ; and improve land , resource , and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards .
serve current and future publics : [make sure] the national environmental policy act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions ; reduce threats to public health , safety , and property by completing deferred maintenance projects ; continue action on energy and mineral leases , permits , and claims ; implement blm 's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives ; and improve land , resource , and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards .

According to IRS , the executive and supervisor review the retention standard to ensure mutual understanding .
according to irs , the executive and supervisor review the retention standard to [make sure] mutual understanding .

Program integrity : The executive will lead his or her regional office to ensure compliance with VBA 's program integrity directives .
program integrity : the executive will lead his or her regional office to [make sure] compliance with vba 's program integrity directives .

The executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .
the executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the national institute of standards and technology and office of management and budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to [make sure] that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .

In my view , the most critical element that needs to be addressed to help ensure that these failures do not proliferate in the future is the overall governance model for public companies in the United States .
in my view , the most critical element that needs to be addressed to help [make sure] that these failures do not proliferate in the future is the overall governance model for public companies in the united states .

Boards and auditors need to be vigilant to ensure that any inappropriate actions are avoided .
boards and auditors need to be vigilant to [make sure] that any inappropriate actions are avoided .

Clearly , some amount of stock compensation makes sense in order to tie the interests of the shareholders with the interests of top executives ; however , the amount and structure are both important to ensure equity and avoid perverse incentives to maximize value in the short-term at the expense of the longer-term .
clearly , some amount of stock compensation makes sense in order to tie the interests of the shareholders with the interests of top executives ; however , the amount and structure are both important to [make sure] equity and avoid perverse incentives to maximize value in the short-term at the expense of the longer-term .

Boards have a responsibility to ensure the reasonableness of overall executive compensation .
boards have a responsibility to [make sure] the reasonableness of overall executive compensation .

It 's important to enhance the scope and timing of any related audit reports , but it 's also important to ensure that firms are both qualified and independent to perform such audits .
it 's important to enhance the scope and timing of any related audit reports , but it 's also important to [make sure] that firms are both qualified and independent to perform such audits .

In my view , current AICPA independence standards do not adequately ensure the independence of auditors who provide certain non-audit or consulting services to their audit clients .
in my view , current aicpa independence standards do not adequately [make sure] the independence of auditors who provide certain non-audit or consulting services to their audit clients .

In light of recent events , a consensus has emerged that the SEC needs significant additional resources to help ensure that it can do its job properly .
in light of recent events , a consensus has emerged that the sec needs significant additional resources to help [make sure] that it can do its job properly .

To ensure that decisionmakers have useful , relevant , timely , and reliable information , leading finance organizations establish accountability goals that extend well beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion .
to [make sure] that decisionmakers have useful , relevant , timely , and reliable information , leading finance organizations establish accountability goals that extend well beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion .

The goal was to ensure that managers and lawmakers would have useful , relevant , and timely information for assessing and managing program performance .
the goal was to [make sure] that managers and lawmakers would have useful , relevant , and timely information for assessing and managing program performance .

To ensure that performance data and longrange plans drive budget decisions , the state has set goals , including implementing an activitybased accounting and budgeting system , for enhancing its performance budgeting process .
to [make sure] that performance data and longrange plans drive budget decisions , the state has set goals , including implementing an activitybased accounting and budgeting system , for enhancing its performance budgeting process .

However , an unqualified audit opinion by itself does not ensure that the information needed to measure and manage performance is useful , relevant , timely , or reliable .
however , an unqualified audit opinion by itself does not [make sure] that the information needed to measure and manage performance is useful , relevant , timely , or reliable .

To ensure that federal financial management improvement efforts succeed and that the President 's and the CFO Council 's priorities are achieved , the support and involvement of key nonfinancial executives and managers is critical .
to [make sure] that federal financial management improvement efforts succeed and that the president 's and the cfo council 's priorities are achieved , the support and involvement of key nonfinancial executives and managers is critical .

Some are generic in nature and are intended to help people anticipate and cope with change and ensure that every person in the organization understands the need for change .
some are generic in nature and are intended to help people anticipate and cope with change and [make sure] that every person in the organization understands the need for change .

The Boeing Company To ensure that nonfinancial managers at all levels understand the value of financial information , Boeing has developed an education program that teaches managers basic business competence .
the boeing company to [make sure] that nonfinancial managers at all levels understand the value of financial information , boeing has developed an education program that teaches managers basic business competence .

To ensure that each objective would be accomplished , the team used a survey to profile the change process and measures its progress .
to [make sure] that each objective would be accomplished , the team used a survey to profile the change process and measures its progress .

To remain competitive and ensure continued growth , Hewlett Packard formed a task force to find ways to reduce the cost of the finance organization .
to remain competitive and [make sure] continued growth , hewlett packard formed a task force to find ways to reduce the cost of the finance organization .

This and other measures are important to ensure that federal systems provide meaningful information for managing and measuring cost and performance as well as preparing external financial reports .
this and other measures are important to [make sure] that federal systems provide meaningful information for managing and measuring cost and performance as well as preparing external financial reports .

Accordingly , federal agencies need to reassess their human capital practices to ensure that federal financial professionals are equipped to meet these new challenges and support their agencies ' mission and goals .
accordingly , federal agencies need to reassess their human capital practices to [make sure] that federal financial professionals are equipped to meet these new challenges and support their agencies ' mission and goals .

OMB also asked that the Commission examine the burden associated with `` third party reporting '' and ensure that this burden was reflected in the Commission 's final rule .
omb also asked that the commission examine the burden associated with `` third party reporting '' and [make sure] that this burden was reflected in the commission 's final rule .

In the preamble to the final OASIS rule , the Commission explained that 2Section 3506 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( B ) requires each agency to establish a process to ensure that each information collection indicates the collection is in accordance with the clearance requirements of section 3507 .
in the preamble to the final oasis rule , the commission explained that 2section 3506 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( b ) requires each agency to establish a process to [make sure] that each information collection indicates the collection is in accordance with the clearance requirements of section 3507 .

Activities that must be undertaken for each program , to ensure the quality of assessment and services provided , are being developed .
activities that must be undertaken for each program , to [make sure] the quality of assessment and services provided , are being developed .

These initiatives include working with providers to ensure that medical records support billed services .
these initiatives include working with providers to [make sure] that medical records support billed services .

Control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that are designed to help ensure that management 's decisions and plans are carried out .
control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that are designed to help [make sure] that management 's decisions and plans are carried out .

Data sharing allows entities that make payments-to contractors , vendors , or participants in benefit programs-to compare information from different sources to help ensure that payments are appropriate .
data sharing allows entities that make payments-to contractors , vendors , or participants in benefit programs-to compare information from different sources to help [make sure] that payments are appropriate .

The database contains reporting options that allow supervisors to monitor employees ' use of the system to ensure that all queries are appropriate-in addition , the state 's internal auditor monitors the staff 's use of the database .
the database contains reporting options that allow supervisors to monitor employees ' use of the system to [make sure] that all queries are appropriate-in addition , the state 's internal auditor monitors the staff 's use of the database .

Some contractors have also developed and implemented corporate responsibility plans to ensure compliance with acquisition regulations and statutes .
some contractors have also developed and implemented corporate responsibility plans to [make sure] compliance with acquisition regulations and statutes .

In addition to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in addition to internal communications , management should [make sure] there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

The goal of this project is to ensure that every paid claim faces an equal , random chance of review .
the goal of this project is to [make sure] that every paid claim faces an equal , random chance of review .

For example , the government , in its role as purchaser , can offer rewards and apply sanctions to a chief executive officer to ensure performance .
for example , the government , in its role as purchaser , can offer rewards and apply sanctions to a chief executive officer to [make sure] performance .

Among the reasons it cited for this decline was underestimating how long it would take to realize the impact of initiatives such as increased staffing and improved training.9 We reported that many experienced claims-processing staff are expected to retire and that VBA 's training and recruitment programs may not be adequate to ensure a sufficient workforce of competent claims processors.10 VBA officials told us that , in response to the concern we raised that many of the training modules might not be available in time to train new employees , VBA has stepped up implementation of its plans to use a new Training and Performance Support System ( TPSS ) .11 This system is intended to provide standardized training to new employees who will replace the wave of employees expected to retire during the next several years .
among the reasons it cited for this decline was underestimating how long it would take to realize the impact of initiatives such as increased staffing and improved training.9 we reported that many experienced claims-processing staff are expected to retire and that vba 's training and recruitment programs may not be adequate to [make sure] a sufficient workforce of competent claims processors.10 vba officials told us that , in response to the concern we raised that many of the training modules might not be available in time to train new employees , vba has stepped up implementation of its plans to use a new training and performance support system ( tpss ) .11 this system is intended to provide standardized training to new employees who will replace the wave of employees expected to retire during the next several years .

Without the clear and demonstrated commitment of agency top leadership , organizational cultures will not be transformed , and new visions and ways of doing business will not take root.14 Consistent attention to employee empowerment and involvement issues helps to ensure that changes are sustained .
without the clear and demonstrated commitment of agency top leadership , organizational cultures will not be transformed , and new visions and ways of doing business will not take root.14 consistent attention to employee empowerment and involvement issues helps to [make sure] that changes are sustained .

The Logistics Center 's Director helped to ensure that all employees shared his vision by discussing proposed changes with his top-level managers and by meeting with front-line 14 Managing for Results : Federal Managers ' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills ( GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 ) ; Management Reform : Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance ( GAO/T-GGD-99-151 , July 29 , 1999 ) ; and Management Reform : Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives ( GAO/T- GGD-00-26 , Oct. 15 , 1999 ) .
the logistics center 's director helped to [make sure] that all employees shared his vision by discussing proposed changes with his top-level managers and by meeting with front-line 14 managing for results : federal managers ' views show need for ensuring top leadership skills ( gao-01-127 , oct. 20 , 2000 ) ; management reform : using the results act and quality management to improve federal performance ( gao/t-ggd-99-151 , july 29 , 1999 ) ; and management reform : elements of successful improvement initiatives ( gao/t- ggd-00-26 , oct. 15 , 1999 ) .

They said when new technology reduced the Center 's need for file clerks , union and management officials worked together to ensure that affected employees received advance notice about upcoming changes , training in new skills , and information about available job opportunities .
they said when new technology reduced the center 's need for file clerks , union and management officials worked together to [make sure] that affected employees received advance notice about upcoming changes , training in new skills , and information about available job opportunities .

For example , the agreement between IRS and the National Treasury Employees Union ( NTEU ) was designed to ensure that employees are adequately represented and informed of proposed new policies and have input into the proposals .
for example , the agreement between irs and the national treasury employees union ( nteu ) was designed to [make sure] that employees are adequately represented and informed of proposed new policies and have input into the proposals .

They were delegated the authority to determine applicants ' eligibility , to approve up to $ 100,000 in public financial assistance , and to help to ensure that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process .
they were delegated the authority to determine applicants ' eligibility , to approve up to $ 100,000 in public financial assistance , and to help to [make sure] that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process .

A Message From the Federal Chief Information Officers Council Washington April 7 , 1998 A high priority of the CIO Council is to ensure the implementation of security practices within the Federal government that gain public confidence and protect government services , privacy , and sensitive and national security information .
a message from the federal chief information officers council washington april 7 , 1998 a high priority of the cio council is to [make sure] the implementation of security practices within the federal government that gain public confidence and protect government services , privacy , and sensitive and national security information .

Additional risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to ensure that they properly recognize the Year 2000 .
additional risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to [make sure] that they properly recognize the year 2000 .

Despite repeated reports of serious problems , senior agency officials had not provided the management attention needed to ensure that their information security programs were effective .
despite repeated reports of serious problems , senior agency officials had not provided the management attention needed to [make sure] that their information security programs were effective .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped [make sure] that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

Such high-level interest helped ensure that information security was taken seriously at lower organizational levels and that security specialists had the resources needed to implement an effective program .
such high-level interest helped [make sure] that information security was taken seriously at lower organizational levels and that security specialists had the resources needed to implement an effective program .

The documentation and meeting helped Page 24 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management ensure that the requester 's business needs were clearly understood and the best solution was adopted without compromising the network 's security .
the documentation and meeting helped page 24 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management [make sure] that the requester 's business needs were clearly understood and the best solution was adopted without compromising the network 's security .

By increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .
by increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to [make sure] that policies and controls would operate as intended .

For this reason , involving them in selecting controls can help ensure that controls are practical and will be implemented .
for this reason , involving them in selecting controls can help [make sure] that controls are practical and will be implemented .

Accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .
accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped [make sure] that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .

According to the security managers , such sign-off requirements helped ensure that business managers carefully considered their decisions before finalizing them .
according to the security managers , such sign-off requirements helped [make sure] that business managers carefully considered their decisions before finalizing them .

The sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are facilitated by a member of the central security group who helps ensure that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .
the sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are facilitated by a member of the central security group who helps [make sure] that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .

They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .
they stressed that constant vigilance was needed to [make sure] that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .

In addition , the group participates in the company 's strategic planning efforts and in the early stages of software development projects to ensure that security implications of these efforts are addressed .
in addition , the group participates in the company 's strategic planning efforts and in the early stages of software development projects to [make sure] that security implications of these efforts are addressed .

Educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .
educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to [make sure] consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .

Similarly , one organization 's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users .
similarly , one organization 's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help [make sure] that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users .

This ability to elevate significant security concerns to higher management levels helped ensure that risks were thoroughly understood and that decisions as to whether such risks should be tolerated were carefully considered before final decisions were made .
this ability to elevate significant security concerns to higher management levels helped [make sure] that risks were thoroughly understood and that decisions as to whether such risks should be tolerated were carefully considered before final decisions were made .

Rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to ensure that information technology issues , including information security , received appropriate attention .
rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to [make sure] that information technology issues , including information security , received appropriate attention .

The organizations had taken steps to ensure that personnel involved in various aspects of their information security programs had the skills and knowledge they needed .
the organizations had taken steps to [make sure] that personnel involved in various aspects of their information security programs had the skills and knowledge they needed .

To enhance the technical skills of their security administrators and help ensure that all of them had the minimal skills needed , most of the groups had established special training sessions for them .
to enhance the technical skills of their security administrators and help [make sure] that all of them had the minimal skills needed , most of the groups had established special training sessions for them .

The security managers said that it was important to relate security concerns to the specific risks faced by users in individual business groups and ensure that security was an everyday consideration .
the security managers said that it was important to relate security concerns to the specific risks faced by users in individual business groups and [make sure] that security was an everyday consideration .

By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
by coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps [make sure] that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .

As with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .
as with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to [make sure] that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .

This , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .
this , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help [make sure] that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .

To help ensure that managers fulfill this responsibility , they are provided self-assessment tools that they can use to evaluate the information security aspects of their operations .
to help [make sure] that managers fulfill this responsibility , they are provided self-assessment tools that they can use to evaluate the information security aspects of their operations .

In such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing techniques and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives ensure they have the resources to do this .
in such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing techniques and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives [make sure] they have the resources to do this .

More specifically they finance spending of many types to promote the general welfare , provide for the common defense , and ensure domestic tranquillity : national defense , a judicial system , aid to the elderly , construction of infrastructure , education and training , and so forth .
more specifically they finance spending of many types to promote the general welfare , provide for the common defense , and [make sure] domestic tranquillity : national defense , a judicial system , aid to the elderly , construction of infrastructure , education and training , and so forth .

The inspection activities are for a variety of purposes : to ensure that dutiable merchandise is declared , to seize contraband ( such as narcotics and illegal drugs ) , to detect infringements of patent and copyright laws , and so forth .
the inspection activities are for a variety of purposes : to [make sure] that dutiable merchandise is declared , to seize contraband ( such as narcotics and illegal drugs ) , to detect infringements of patent and copyright laws , and so forth .

Fines and penalties produced by an entity 's operations -- such as inspections to ensure compliance with Federal law and with regulations that are the responsibility of the entity ( e.g. , inspections by the Office of Surface Mining ) or compliance with regulations for the conduct of a Federal program -- are recognized as nonexchange revenue by whichever entity is legally entitled by law to the revenue .
fines and penalties produced by an entity 's operations -- such as inspections to [make sure] compliance with federal law and with regulations that are the responsibility of the entity ( e.g. , inspections by the office of surface mining ) or compliance with regulations for the conduct of a federal program -- are recognized as nonexchange revenue by whichever entity is legally entitled by law to the revenue .

Some believed that use of alternative methods would not ensure consistency in reporting .
some believed that use of alternative methods would not [make sure] consistency in reporting .

The Board 's intent was to ensure that these significant areas , if material for an entity , would be reported regularly and in a consistent manner .
the board 's intent was to [make sure] that these significant areas , if material for an entity , would be reported regularly and in a consistent manner .

To help ensure the success of GPRA , the CFO Council , which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers ' responsibilities , established a GPRA Implementation Committee .
to help [make sure] the success of gpra , the cfo council , which the cfo act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the chief financial officers ' responsibilities , established a gpra implementation committee .

We found that leading results-oriented organizations consistently strive to ensure that their day-to-day activities support their organizational missions and move them closer to accomplishing their strategic goals .
we found that leading results-oriented organizations consistently strive to [make sure] that their day-to-day activities support their organizational missions and move them closer to accomplishing their strategic goals .

Still , stakeholder involvement is important to help agencies ensure that their efforts and resources are targeted at the highest priorities .
still , stakeholder involvement is important to help agencies [make sure] that their efforts and resources are targeted at the highest priorities .

As a result , EPA could not ensure that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .
as a result , epa could not [make sure] that it was directing its efforts toward the environmental problems that were of greatest concern to citizens or posed the greatest risk to the health of the population or the environment itself .

The missions of the Customs Service-the oldest federal agency-are to ensure that goods and persons entering and exiting the United States comply with all U.S. laws and regulations , while also facilitating the legitimate movement of goods and persons through U.S. ports .
the missions of the customs service-the oldest federal agency-are to [make sure] that goods and persons entering and exiting the united states comply with all u.s. laws and regulations , while also facilitating the legitimate movement of goods and persons through u.s. ports .

Leading organizations recognize that sound planning is not enough to ensure their success .
leading organizations recognize that sound planning is not enough to [make sure] their success .

We also have found that leading organizations strive to ensure that their core processes efficiently and effectively support mission-related outcomes .
we also have found that leading organizations strive to [make sure] that their core processes efficiently and effectively support mission-related outcomes .

These organizations rely increasingly on a well-defined mission to form the foundation for the key business systems and processes they use to ensure the successful outcome of their operations .
these organizations rely increasingly on a well-defined mission to form the foundation for the key business systems and processes they use to [make sure] the successful outcome of their operations .

Strategic information management would lead to systems that would better provide federal agencies the data they need in considering ways to realign their processes , reduce costs , improve program effectiveness , and ensure consistent results with a less bureaucratic organization .
strategic information management would lead to systems that would better provide federal agencies the data they need in considering ways to realign their processes , reduce costs , improve program effectiveness , and [make sure] consistent results with a less bureaucratic organization .

Limiting the number of performance measures to the vital few at each organizational level will not only keep the focus where it belongs , it will help ensure that the costs involved in collecting and analyzing the data do not become prohibitive .
limiting the number of performance measures to the vital few at each organizational level will not only keep the focus where it belongs , it will help [make sure] that the costs involved in collecting and analyzing the data do not become prohibitive .

A clear connection between performance measures and program offices helps to both reinforce accountability and ensure that , in their day-to-day activities , managers keep in mind the outcomes their organization is striving to achieve .
a clear connection between performance measures and program offices helps to both reinforce accountability and [make sure] that , in their day-to-day activities , managers keep in mind the outcomes their organization is striving to achieve .

The mission of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) is to describe and predict changes in the earth 's environment , as well as to conserve and manage the nation 's coastal and marine resources to ensure sustainable economic opportunities .
the mission of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) is to describe and predict changes in the earth 's environment , as well as to conserve and manage the nation 's coastal and marine resources to [make sure] sustainable economic opportunities .

As a result , as agencies implement GPRA , they will have to balance the cost of data collection efforts against the need to ensure that the collected data are complete , accurate , and consistent enough to document performance and support decisionmaking at various organizational levels .
as a result , as agencies implement gpra , they will have to balance the cost of data collection efforts against the need to [make sure] that the collected data are complete , accurate , and consistent enough to document performance and support decisionmaking at various organizational levels .

To fill this need , NHTSA developed data collection systems derived from existing data sources and has taken steps to ensure the completeness , accuracy , and consistency of these data .
to fill this need , nhtsa developed data collection systems derived from existing data sources and has taken steps to [make sure] the completeness , accuracy , and consistency of these data .

Federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 Most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .
federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 most important , agency managers need performance information to [make sure] that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .

Only they can ensure that each agency 's strategic planning and performance measurement efforts will become the basis for its day-to-day operations .
only they can [make sure] that each agency 's strategic planning and performance measurement efforts will become the basis for its day-to-day operations .

They then seek to ensure their processes provide managers at each organizational level with the authority and flexibility they need to contribute to the organization 's mission .
they then seek to [make sure] their processes provide managers at each organizational level with the authority and flexibility they need to contribute to the organization 's mission .

As part of this new approach , the Corps reformed its processes , revising its policies and procedures to ensure that only those that were necessary remained .
as part of this new approach , the corps reformed its processes , revising its policies and procedures to [make sure] that only those that were necessary remained .

All of this reform activity needs to be integrated , as the CFO Council urged in May 1995 : Existing planning , budgeting , program evaluation and fiscal accountability processes should be integrated with GPRA requirements to ensure consistency and reduce duplication of effort .
all of this reform activity needs to be integrated , as the cfo council urged in may 1995 : existing planning , budgeting , program evaluation and fiscal accountability processes should be integrated with gpra requirements to [make sure] consistency and reduce duplication of effort .

In addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the CFO Act , and FMFIA [ Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and Total Quality Management , etc. , should be incorporated into the GPRA framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 Another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .
in addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the cfo act , and fmfia [ federal managers ' financial integrity act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and total quality management , etc. , should be incorporated into the gpra framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the information technology management reform act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to [make sure] that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .

Case Illustration : Army Research Laboratory Taken together , these reforms can help redirect an organization 's culture from the traditional focus on inputs and activities to a new focus on defining missions and achieving results.33 Our work has shown , however , that the top leadership of each federal agency needs to meld these various reforms into a coherent , unified effort.34 Top leadership-both political and career-needs to make clear its commitment to the fundamental principles of results-oriented management and ensure that managers and staff at all levels recognize that they must do the same .
case illustration : army research laboratory taken together , these reforms can help redirect an organization 's culture from the traditional focus on inputs and activities to a new focus on defining missions and achieving results.33 our work has shown , however , that the top leadership of each federal agency needs to meld these various reforms into a coherent , unified effort.34 top leadership-both political and career-needs to make clear its commitment to the fundamental principles of results-oriented management and [make sure] that managers and staff at all levels recognize that they must do the same .

ARL concluded that to ensure that it had the capability to meet the new challenge and continue to conduct its mission of basic and applied research , it had to work in partnership with universities and the private sector , as well as operate more effectively and efficiently .
arl concluded that to [make sure] that it had the capability to meet the new challenge and continue to conduct its mission of basic and applied research , it had to work in partnership with universities and the private sector , as well as operate more effectively and efficiently .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-41 Finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those enumerated .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-41 finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies [make sure] that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those enumerated .

HCFA staff has advised that it did not take any other actions specifically designed to ensure participation by small entities , including rural hospitals , in this rulemaking .
hcfa staff has advised that it did not take any other actions specifically designed to [make sure] participation by small entities , including rural hospitals , in this rulemaking .

When you gather background or other data , ensure that they are from the best available source ( s ) .
when you gather background or other data , [make sure] that they are from the best available source ( s ) .

General controls refers to the structure , policies , and procedures-which apply to all or a large segment of an organization 's information systems-that help to ensure proper operation , data integrity , and security .
general controls refers to the structure , policies , and procedures-which apply to all or a large segment of an organization 's information systems-that help to [make sure] proper operation , data integrity , and security .

For 5 Though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform appropriate checks to ensure that you have obtained the correct file .
for 5 though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform appropriate checks to [make sure] that you have obtained the correct file .

These controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete , as well as authorized .
these controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to [make sure] that the data are accurate and complete , as well as authorized .

Users of these products will need to step forward to help ensure the value of an enhanced financial reporting model and related auditor assurances for the effective functioning of U.S. capital markets .
users of these products will need to step forward to help [make sure] the value of an enhanced financial reporting model and related auditor assurances for the effective functioning of u.s. capital markets .

The board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value , assess and monitor risk , and ensure management accountability .
the board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value , assess and monitor risk , and [make sure] management accountability .

In addition , nominating committees need to ensure that they identify the right mix of talent to do the job and make it clear to candidates what is expected of them as a board member rather than merely approving candidates identified by management .
in addition , nominating committees need to [make sure] that they identify the right mix of talent to do the job and make it clear to candidates what is expected of them as a board member rather than merely approving candidates identified by management .

Page 10 GAO-03-419SP Governance and Accountability Forum to management 's decisions to ensure that the company operates honestly and effectively in the shareholders ' interest .
page 10 gao-03-419sp governance and accountability forum to management 's decisions to [make sure] that the company operates honestly and effectively in the shareholders ' interest .

An audit can not ensure that stock prices will be achieved .
an audit can not [make sure] that stock prices will be achieved .

Participants encouraged the SEC and the PCAOB to work closely with the states in taking actions to restore public confidence and ensure an appropriate degree of consistency needed for viable interstate commerce .
participants encouraged the sec and the pcaob to work closely with the states in taking actions to restore public confidence and [make sure] an appropriate degree of consistency needed for viable interstate commerce .

Office of the General Counsel B-274091 August 19 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Revision of the Commission 's Rules To Ensure Compatibility with Enhanced 911 Emergency Calling Systems ( Wireless E911 Rules ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Revision of the Commission 's Rules To Ensure Compatibility with Enhanced 911 Emergency Calling Systems ( Wireless E911 Rules ) '' ( FCC-96-264 ) .
office of the general counsel b-274091 august 19 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : revision of the commission 's rules to [make sure] compatibility with enhanced 911 emergency calling systems ( wireless e911 rules ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the federal communications commission , entitled `` revision of the commission 's rules to [make sure] compatibility with enhanced 911 emergency calling systems ( wireless e911 rules ) '' ( fcc-96-264 ) .

The final rule contains standardized test procedures and performance standards to ensure that detergent gasolines provide an effective level of protection against certain engine deposits .
the final rule contains standardized test procedures and performance standards to [make sure] that detergent gasolines provide an effective level of protection against certain engine deposits .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to [make sure] all claims are within regulations and limitations .

In particular , the units that process payments under the direction of the certifying and disbursing officers should have in place effective internal control activities6 to ensure payments are legal , proper , valid , and accurate and that duplicate payments are avoided .
in particular , the units that process payments under the direction of the certifying and disbursing officers should have in place effective internal control activities6 to [make sure] payments are legal , proper , valid , and accurate and that duplicate payments are avoided .

Data entry edits to ensure accurate and reliable data processing are relatively simple to develop and use .
data entry edits to [make sure] accurate and reliable data processing are relatively simple to develop and use .

They are still responsible for making sure that they can rely on the quality of the automated systems to ensure that invoices authorized for payment are legal , proper , valid , and correct .
they are still responsible for making sure that they can rely on the quality of the automated systems to [make sure] that invoices authorized for payment are legal , proper , valid , and correct .

Application control is designed to cover the processing of data within application software.8 To ensure the quality of the automated systems , management must provide the environment for effective implementation of general and application controls .
application control is designed to cover the processing of data within application software.8 to [make sure] the quality of the automated systems , management must provide the environment for effective implementation of general and application controls .

The National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) 10 has established procedures for the evaluation and approval of certain automated signature techniques11 to ensure data integrity and consistency with previously mentioned criteria .
the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) 10 has established procedures for the evaluation and approval of certain automated signature techniques11 to [make sure] data integrity and consistency with previously mentioned criteria .

Receipt and acceptance data could be compared electronically to the ordering and the invoice information to help ensure that payment authorization is valid and at the same time reduce the risk of errors in the process .
receipt and acceptance data could be compared electronically to the ordering and the invoice information to help [make sure] that payment authorization is valid and at the same time reduce the risk of errors in the process .

In each case , we further suggested that , as part of its required FMFIA review of its internal controls , special emphasis be given to testing controls of the new processes to help ensure effective implementation .
in each case , we further suggested that , as part of its required fmfia review of its internal controls , special emphasis be given to testing controls of the new processes to help [make sure] effective implementation .

These risks would be acceptably mitigated if the statistical sampling plan provided for ( 1 ) the scope or extent of invoice examination to be commensurate with the risk to the government,14 ( 2 ) sampling from the universe of all invoices under $ 2,500 not subject to complete examination , ( 3 ) effective monitoring to ensure that the plan is effectively implemented and the risks to the government remain within tolerable limits , and ( 4 ) a continuing relationship with the vendor so that the risk of loss is minimized .
these risks would be acceptably mitigated if the statistical sampling plan provided for ( 1 ) the scope or extent of invoice examination to be commensurate with the risk to the government,14 ( 2 ) sampling from the universe of all invoices under $ 2,500 not subject to complete examination , ( 3 ) effective monitoring to [make sure] that the plan is effectively implemented and the risks to the government remain within tolerable limits , and ( 4 ) a continuing relationship with the vendor so that the risk of loss is minimized .

To ensure that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .
to [make sure] that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .

We did not object to the system design so long as steps were taken to ensure effective implementation .
we did not object to the system design so long as steps were taken to [make sure] effective implementation .

Any system , regardless of the technology used , must incorporate adequate controls to ensure the integrity of the data .
any system , regardless of the technology used , must incorporate adequate controls to [make sure] the integrity of the data .

Internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .
internal control must [make sure] that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .

We did not object to the agency 's electronic imaging plan so long as internal control was implemented to ensure that the criteria in the preceding paragraph were met .
we did not object to the agency 's electronic imaging plan so long as internal control was implemented to [make sure] that the criteria in the preceding paragraph were met .

In addition to the traditional supervisors ' review and approval of the voucher , the primary compensating controls designed were the automated edits and computations to ensure that the travel claims complied with all requirements .
in addition to the traditional supervisors ' review and approval of the voucher , the primary compensating controls designed were the automated edits and computations to [make sure] that the travel claims complied with all requirements .

We did not object to the implementation of the automated travel systems , but suggested that , to help ensure effective implementation , each agency emphasize testing controls in its new designs during its annual review of internal control as required by the FMFIA .
we did not object to the implementation of the automated travel systems , but suggested that , to help [make sure] effective implementation , each agency emphasize testing controls in its new designs during its annual review of internal control as required by the fmfia .

Two agencies requested our views on whether the electronic signatures proposed in their designs provided sufficient control to ensure the integrity of the data on the vouchers after being completed by the traveler and approved by the supervisor .
two agencies requested our views on whether the electronic signatures proposed in their designs provided sufficient control to [make sure] the integrity of the data on the vouchers after being completed by the traveler and approved by the supervisor .

If the difference is material , the agency should reconsider going to such a rate or establish procedures to ensure travelers incur at least a significant portion of the flatrate amount or , if not , are reimbursed at the actual costs incurred .
if the difference is material , the agency should reconsider going to such a rate or establish procedures to [make sure] travelers incur at least a significant portion of the flatrate amount or , if not , are reimbursed at the actual costs incurred .

After payment , a test of the validity of the payment would be made on a sample basis by obtaining the supporting documentation from the traveler ( where it would be retained ) and reviewing information in the documents to ensure the validity of the claim .
after payment , a test of the validity of the payment would be made on a sample basis by obtaining the supporting documentation from the traveler ( where it would be retained ) and reviewing information in the documents to [make sure] the validity of the claim .

Nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 The agency 's goal was to 18 The agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .
nevertheless , to [make sure] that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 the agency 's goal was to 18 the agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .

The sampling plan should be designed to ensure that the risks of overpayments are within tolerable thresholds .
the sampling plan should be designed to [make sure] that the risks of overpayments are within tolerable thresholds .

GAO Response The primary purpose of the supervisor 's approval of staff 's travel vouchers is to help the certifying officer ensure that all claims are valid when certified .
gao response the primary purpose of the supervisor 's approval of staff 's travel vouchers is to help the certifying officer [make sure] that all claims are valid when certified .

The standards provide the criteria to help ensure that the systems include effective internal control and meet the requirements imposed for central reporting and complying with laws and regulations .
the standards provide the criteria to help [make sure] that the systems include effective internal control and meet the requirements imposed for central reporting and complying with laws and regulations .

Our Office has recently performed work relating to this area including `` Health Insurance Portability : Reform Could Ensure Continued Coverage for up to 25 Million Americans '' ( HEHS-95-257 ) , `` Private Health Insurance : Millions Relying on Individual Market Face Cost and Coverage Trade-offs '' ( HEHS-97-8 ) , and `` Health Insurance Regulation : Varying State Requirements Affect Cost of Insurance '' ( HEHS-96-161 ) .
our office has recently performed work relating to this area including `` health insurance portability : reform could [make sure] continued coverage for up to 25 million americans '' ( hehs-95-257 ) , `` private health insurance : millions relying on individual market face cost and coverage trade-offs '' ( hehs-97-8 ) , and `` health insurance regulation : varying state requirements affect cost of insurance '' ( hehs-96-161 ) .

I firmly believe they will enable GAO to better serve the Congress , improve satisfaction with our work , and ensure equitable treatment of all requesters .
i firmly believe they will enable gao to better serve the congress , improve satisfaction with our work , and [make sure] equitable treatment of all requesters .

To effectively accomplish this obligation , GAO senior officials consult regularly with committee Members and their staffs to ensure that GAO 's work is prioritized in accordance with the committees ' needs and GAO 's resources by subject matter .
to effectively accomplish this obligation , gao senior officials consult regularly with committee members and their staffs to [make sure] that gao 's work is prioritized in accordance with the committees ' needs and gao 's resources by subject matter .

To ensure adherence to GAO 's core values , effective management practices , and efficient use of available resources , GAO will prioritize its work in the following order .
to [make sure] adherence to gao 's core values , effective management practices , and efficient use of available resources , gao will prioritize its work in the following order .

PCIE standards place upon GAO and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .
pcie standards place upon gao and its investigators the responsibility to [make sure] that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .

Those amendments were intended to increase tribal participation in the management of Federal Indian Programs and to help ensure long-term financial stability for tribal-run programs .
those amendments were intended to increase tribal participation in the management of federal indian programs and to help [make sure] long-term financial stability for tribal-run programs .

In addition to adjusting the fee schedule to ensure collection of the $ 126,400,000 , the Report and Order also adjusts the fee schedule and associated payment procedures for certain fees mandated by Congress , makes changes to the estimated number of units subject to a fee , and incorporates certain public interest considerations .
in addition to adjusting the fee schedule to [make sure] collection of the $ 126,400,000 , the report and order also adjusts the fee schedule and associated payment procedures for certain fees mandated by congress , makes changes to the estimated number of units subject to a fee , and incorporates certain public interest considerations .

This report addresses how DOD can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments .
this report addresses how dod can manage its weapon system acquisition process to [make sure] important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments .

Both took steps to ensure that manufacturing processes were capable of producing an affordable product by the time the programs made production decisions .
both took steps to [make sure] that manufacturing processes were capable of producing an affordable product by the time the programs made production decisions .

A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge DOD 's acquisition policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .
a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge dod 's acquisition policy establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , more specific criteria , disciplined adherence , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to [make sure] the timely capture and use of knowledge and decision making .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and criteria are necessary to [make sure] a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .

The policy and guidance should also be revised to include ( 1 ) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and ( 2 ) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for DOD to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .
the policy and guidance should also be revised to include ( 1 ) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and ( 2 ) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to [make sure] the capture and use of knowledge for dod to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production .

Collectively , these practices ensure that a high level of knowledge exists about critical facets of the product at key junctures during development .
collectively , these practices [make sure] that a high level of knowledge exists about critical facets of the product at key junctures during development .

To ensure the right level of knowledge at each key decision point in product development , leading commercial companies separate technology from product development and take steps to ensure the product design is stabilized early so product performance and producibility can be demonstrated before production .
to [make sure] the right level of knowledge at each key decision point in product development , leading commercial companies separate technology from product development and take steps to [make sure] the product design is stabilized early so product performance and producibility can be demonstrated before production .

Second , each company ( 1 ) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable before entering product demonstration and ( 2 ) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production .
second , each company ( 1 ) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to [make sure] the design was stable before entering product demonstration and ( 2 ) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production .

During system demonstration , each company used statistical process control and reliability testing to ensure the product could be produced affordably and would be reliable , then used a similar decision review that required agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite knowledge was captured when deciding to move into production .
during system demonstration , each company used statistical process control and reliability testing to [make sure] the product could be produced affordably and would be reliable , then used a similar decision review that required agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite knowledge was captured when deciding to move into production .

To ensure that the product 's design was stable before deciding to commit additional resources to product demonstration , commercial companies demanded knowledge , either from existing product information or by building engineering prototypes .
to [make sure] that the product 's design was stable before deciding to commit additional resources to product demonstration , commercial companies demanded knowledge , either from existing product information or by building engineering prototypes .

Demonstrating the Design Helped Achieve Stability A key tool used by each company to ensure that a product 's design was stable by the end of the product integration phase was a demonstration that the design would meet requirements .
demonstrating the design helped achieve stability a key tool used by each company to [make sure] that a product 's design was stable by the end of the product integration phase was a demonstration that the design would meet requirements .

Table 4 : Examples of Prototypes Used by Cummins Inc. at Various Stages of Product Development Product integration Product demonstration Production Prototype Engineering prototypes ( virtual or Production representative prototypes Initial products physical ) Purpose Demonstrate form , fit and function , and Demonstrate the product is capable , Demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable , and manufacturing production processes in statistical control Build environment Engineering Manufacturing Production ( all rate tooling ) ( 1st set of production tooling ) Cummins , the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower , effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development .
table 4 : examples of prototypes used by cummins inc. at various stages of product development product integration product demonstration production prototype engineering prototypes ( virtual or production representative prototypes initial products physical ) purpose demonstrate form , fit and function , and demonstrate the product is capable , demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable , and manufacturing production processes in statistical control build environment engineering manufacturing production ( all rate tooling ) ( 1st set of production tooling ) cummins , the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower , effectively uses prototypes to [make sure] that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development .

These tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .
these tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational conditions that [make sure] the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .

Once critical processes are identified , companies perform capability studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .
once critical processes are identified , companies perform capability studies to [make sure] that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .

Program officials took steps to ensure that manufacturing aspects of the product were included in the design , including empowering a product leader with a manufacturing background , identifying the key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes early , making design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing capability , and demonstrating a robust design to make the product less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing process .
program officials took steps to [make sure] that manufacturing aspects of the product were included in the design , including empowering a product leader with a manufacturing background , identifying the key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes early , making design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing capability , and demonstrating a robust design to make the product less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing process .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge The Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to ensure the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge the department of defense 's ( dod ) acquisition policy9 establishes a good framework for developing weapon systems ; however , disciplined adherence , more specific criteria , and stronger acquisition incentives are needed to [make sure] the timely capture and use of knowledge in decision making .

As demonstrated by successful companies , using these criteria can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward .
as demonstrated by successful companies , using these criteria can help [make sure] that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and criteria are necessary to [make sure] a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .

Page 52 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Acquisition Policy Lacks Specific Implementation Criteria knowledge : critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data .
page 52 gao-02-701 best practices chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge acquisition policy lacks specific implementation criteria knowledge : critical design reviews that are supported by completed engineering drawings and production decisions that are supported by reliability testing and statistical process control data .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge DOD 's current acquisition policy also states that the system demonstration phase begins after prototypes have been built and demonstrated in a relevant environment during system integration .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge dod 's current acquisition policy also states that the system demonstration phase begins after prototypes have been built and demonstrated in a relevant environment during system integration .

As shown in our case Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge studies , this provides for a high probability of cost growth and schedule delays to occur .
as shown in our case chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge studies , this provides for a high probability of cost growth and schedule delays to occur .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Incentives in the DOD Acquisition Environment Do Not Favor Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Early Enough The incentives for program managers and product developers to gather knowledge and reduce risk are also critical to DOD 's ability to adopt best practices for product development .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge incentives in the dod acquisition environment do not favor capture of design and manufacturing knowledge early enough the incentives for program managers and product developers to gather knowledge and reduce risk are also critical to dod 's ability to adopt best practices for product development .

Because design and manufacturing knowledge is not captured , key decision points intended to measure and ensure that a weapon system has sufficiently matured to move forward in the process risk becoming unsupported by critical knowledge .
because design and manufacturing knowledge is not captured , key decision points intended to measure and [make sure] that a weapon system has sufficiently matured to move forward in the process risk becoming unsupported by critical knowledge .

Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge knowledge had been captured .
chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge knowledge had been captured .

Practices such as prototyping , early manufacturing and supplier involvement , completing 90 percent of engineering drawings by critical design review , demonstrating product reliability , and achieving statistical control of critical manufacturing processes by production are adopted because they help ensure success .
practices such as prototyping , early manufacturing and supplier involvement , completing 90 percent of engineering drawings by critical design review , demonstrating product reliability , and achieving statistical control of critical manufacturing processes by production are adopted because they help [make sure] success .

This creates strong incentives for the program office to take significant risks with technologies and designs to ensure it can offer the customer a weapon system that is a quantum leap above the competition .
this creates strong incentives for the program office to take significant risks with technologies and designs to [make sure] it can offer the customer a weapon system that is a quantum leap above the competition .

In addition , because funding is secured on an Chapter 4 A Better Match of Policy and Incentives Is Needed to Ensure Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge annual basis in DOD , strong incentives exist for the program office to make optimistic assumptions about development cost and schedule .
in addition , because funding is secured on an chapter 4 a better match of policy and incentives is needed to [make sure] capture of design and manufacturing knowledge annual basis in dod , strong incentives exist for the program office to make optimistic assumptions about development cost and schedule .

Second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .
second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to [make sure] the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .

To do this , it should ensure that its acquisition process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge , includes decisions at key junctures in the development program , and provides incentives to use a knowledge-based process .
to do this , it should [make sure] that its acquisition process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge , includes decisions at key junctures in the development program , and provides incentives to use a knowledge-based process .

To ensure visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's Defense Acquisition Executive Summary and Selected Acquisition Reports .
to [make sure] visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's defense acquisition executive summary and selected acquisition reports .

We established a set of congressional protocols to govern our interactions with and ensure our accountability to the Congress .
we established a set of congressional protocols to govern our interactions with and [make sure] our accountability to the congress .

These protocols , which underwent a 9month pilot test , set out clear , transparent , consistently applied policies and practices for GAO 's relations with the Congress to reduce miscommunication and ensure that all requesters are treated equitably .
these protocols , which underwent a 9month pilot test , set out clear , transparent , consistently applied policies and practices for gao 's relations with the congress to reduce miscommunication and [make sure] that all requesters are treated equitably .

GAO 's matrix management approach maximizes our value to the Congress by leveraging the knowledge , skills , and experience of all employees to ensure the highest quality products and services and to help the Congress address the challenging , complex , multidimensional problems facing the nation .
gao 's matrix management approach maximizes our value to the congress by leveraging the knowledge , skills , and experience of all employees to [make sure] the highest quality products and services and to help the congress address the challenging , complex , multidimensional problems facing the nation .

Other efforts include : Enhancing security and removing asbestos within the GAO Building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; Upgrading GAO 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; Enhancing the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected South and Latin American countries , and bilateral assistance to Russia -- $ 250,000 ; and Contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .
other efforts include : enhancing security and removing asbestos within the gao building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; upgrading gao 's computer security facility to [make sure] our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; enhancing the international organization of supreme audit institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected south and latin american countries , and bilateral assistance to russia -- $ 250,000 ; and contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .

In addition , we have some management information systems that are obsolete and incapable of interfacing within our network environment and a variety of software that needs to be upgraded to ensure continued vendor maintenance and support .
in addition , we have some management information systems that are obsolete and incapable of interfacing within our network environment and a variety of software that needs to be upgraded to [make sure] continued vendor maintenance and support .

We need sufficient funding to build and ensure we have the capacity and expertise to address such emerging issues on short notice in the future .
we need sufficient funding to build and [make sure] we have the capacity and expertise to address such emerging issues on short notice in the future .

To help ensure that the standards continue to meet the needs of the audit community and the public it serves , the Comptroller General of the United States appointed the Advisory Council on Government Auditing Standards to review the standards and recommend necessary changes .
to help [make sure] that the standards continue to meet the needs of the audit community and the public it serves , the comptroller general of the united states appointed the advisory council on government auditing standards to review the standards and recommend necessary changes .

Since GAO is still experiencing delays in mail delivery , it would be preferable if you sent your comments via e-mail to yellowbook @ gao.gov.To ensure that your comments are considered by the Advisory Council in their deliberations , please submit them by April 30 , 2002 .
since gao is still experiencing delays in mail delivery , it would be preferable if you sent your comments via e-mail to yellowbook @ gao.gov.to [make sure] that your comments are considered by the advisory council in their deliberations , please submit them by april 30 , 2002 .

Adherence to GAGAS can help ensure that audits and attestation engagements provide credibility to the information reported by or obtained from management through objectively acquiring and evaluating evidence .
adherence to gagas can help [make sure] that audits and attestation engagements provide credibility to the information reported by or obtained from management through objectively acquiring and evaluating evidence .

The act further states that the inspectors general should take appropriate steps to ensure that any work performed by nonfederal auditors complies with GAGAS .
the act further states that the inspectors general should take appropriate steps to [make sure] that any work performed by nonfederal auditors complies with gagas .

Such controls are designed to help ensure the use of and access to assets are in accordance with management 's authorization .
such controls are designed to help [make sure] the use of and access to assets are in accordance with management 's authorization .

Such controls include , for example , the process of assessing the risk of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of assets and establishing control activities to help ensure that management directives to address the risk are carried out .
such controls include , for example , the process of assessing the risk of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of assets and establishing control activities to help [make sure] that management directives to address the risk are carried out .

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , or contains privileged and confidential information , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , or contains privileged and confidential information , auditors should [make sure] that copies be made available for public inspection .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should [make sure] that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

Unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should ensure that copies be made available for public inspection .
unless the report is restricted by law or regulation , auditors should [make sure] that copies be made available for public inspection .

If the public accountants are to make the distribution , the engagement agreement should indicate which officials or organizations should receive the report and other steps being taken to ensure the availability of the report for public inspection .
if the public accountants are to make the distribution , the engagement agreement should indicate which officials or organizations should receive the report and other steps being taken to [make sure] the availability of the report for public inspection .

Effectiveness and efficiency of program operations : Controls over program operations include policies and procedures that management has implemented to reasonably ensure that a program meets its objectives and that unintended actions do not result , such as improper payments .
effectiveness and efficiency of program operations : controls over program operations include policies and procedures that management has implemented to reasonably [make sure] that a program meets its objectives and that unintended actions do not result , such as improper payments .

When assessing the validity and reliability of performance measures developed by the audited entity , effective internal control over collecting , summarizing , and reporting data will help ensure valid and reliable performance measures .
when assessing the validity and reliability of performance measures developed by the audited entity , effective internal control over collecting , summarizing , and reporting data will help [make sure] valid and reliable performance measures .

Management is responsible for establishing effective controls to ensure compliance with laws and regulations , as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
management is responsible for establishing effective controls to [make sure] compliance with laws and regulations , as well as other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements .

In determining the sufficiency of evidence , auditors should ensure that enough evidence exists to persuade a knowledgeable person of the validity of the findings .
in determining the sufficiency of evidence , auditors should [make sure] that enough evidence exists to persuade a knowledgeable person of the validity of the findings .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should [make sure] that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .
one of the most effective ways to [make sure] that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .

One way to help ensure accuracy in the report is to use a quality control process such as referencing .
one way to help [make sure] accuracy in the report is to use a quality control process such as referencing .

This process is designed to ensure that sufficient credible evidence is present to support the report 's conclusions and recommendations .
this process is designed to [make sure] that sufficient credible evidence is present to support the report 's conclusions and recommendations .

Finally , the analysis reports , as required by paragraph 603 ( c ) , that the Commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner .
finally , the analysis reports , as required by paragraph 603 ( c ) , that the commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to [make sure] the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner .

A Message From the Federal Chief Information Officers Council Washington April 7 , 1998 A high priority of the CIO Council is to ensure the implementation of security practices within the Federal government that gain public confidence and protect government services , privacy , and sensitive and national security information .
a message from the federal chief information officers council washington april 7 , 1998 a high priority of the cio council is to [make sure] the implementation of security practices within the federal government that gain public confidence and protect government services , privacy , and sensitive and national security information .

Additional risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to ensure that they properly recognize the Year 2000 .
additional risks stem from agency efforts to examine and adjust their computer systems to [make sure] that they properly recognize the year 2000 .

Despite repeated reports of serious problems , senior agency officials had not provided the management attention needed to ensure that their information security programs were effective .
despite repeated reports of serious problems , senior agency officials had not provided the management attention needed to [make sure] that their information security programs were effective .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped [make sure] that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

Such high-level interest helped ensure that information security was taken seriously at lower organizational levels and that security specialists had the resources needed to implement an effective program .
such high-level interest helped [make sure] that information security was taken seriously at lower organizational levels and that security specialists had the resources needed to implement an effective program .

The documentation and meeting helped Page 24 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management ensure that the requester 's business needs were clearly understood and the best solution was adopted without compromising the network 's security .
the documentation and meeting helped page 24 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management [make sure] that the requester 's business needs were clearly understood and the best solution was adopted without compromising the network 's security .

By increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .
by increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to [make sure] that policies and controls would operate as intended .

For this reason , involving them in selecting controls can help ensure that controls are practical and will be implemented .
for this reason , involving them in selecting controls can help [make sure] that controls are practical and will be implemented .

Accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .
accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped [make sure] that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .

According to the security managers , such sign-off requirements helped ensure that business managers carefully considered their decisions before finalizing them .
according to the security managers , such sign-off requirements helped [make sure] that business managers carefully considered their decisions before finalizing them .

The sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are facilitated by a member of the central security group who helps ensure that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .
the sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are facilitated by a member of the central security group who helps [make sure] that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .

They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .
they stressed that constant vigilance was needed to [make sure] that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .

In addition , the group participates in the company 's strategic planning efforts and in the early stages of software development projects to ensure that security implications of these efforts are addressed .
in addition , the group participates in the company 's strategic planning efforts and in the early stages of software development projects to [make sure] that security implications of these efforts are addressed .

Educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .
educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to [make sure] consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers , presentations to business units , and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos .

Similarly , one organization 's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users .
similarly , one organization 's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help [make sure] that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users .

This ability to elevate significant security concerns to higher management levels helped ensure that risks were thoroughly understood and that decisions as to whether such risks should be tolerated were carefully considered before final decisions were made .
this ability to elevate significant security concerns to higher management levels helped [make sure] that risks were thoroughly understood and that decisions as to whether such risks should be tolerated were carefully considered before final decisions were made .

Rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to ensure that information technology issues , including information security , received appropriate attention .
rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to [make sure] that information technology issues , including information security , received appropriate attention .

The organizations had taken steps to ensure that personnel involved in various aspects of their information security programs had the skills and knowledge they needed .
the organizations had taken steps to [make sure] that personnel involved in various aspects of their information security programs had the skills and knowledge they needed .

To enhance the technical skills of their security administrators and help ensure that all of them had the minimal skills needed , most of the groups had established special training sessions for them .
to enhance the technical skills of their security administrators and help [make sure] that all of them had the minimal skills needed , most of the groups had established special training sessions for them .

The security managers said that it was important to relate security concerns to the specific risks faced by users in individual business groups and ensure that security was an everyday consideration .
the security managers said that it was important to relate security concerns to the specific risks faced by users in individual business groups and [make sure] that security was an everyday consideration .

By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
by coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps [make sure] that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .

As with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .
as with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to [make sure] that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .

This , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .
this , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help [make sure] that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .

To help ensure that managers fulfill this responsibility , they are provided self-assessment tools that they can use to evaluate the information security aspects of their operations .
to help [make sure] that managers fulfill this responsibility , they are provided self-assessment tools that they can use to evaluate the information security aspects of their operations .

In such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing techniques and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives ensure they have the resources to do this .
in such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing techniques and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives [make sure] they have the resources to do this .

Over the 41-year life of the program , the time necessary to ensure a complete fleet turnover , EPA estimates that the total costs will be $ 3.273 billion or $ 1.331 billion at net present value .
over the 41-year life of the program , the time necessary to [make sure] a complete fleet turnover , epa estimates that the total costs will be $ 3.273 billion or $ 1.331 billion at net present value .

Our Office has issued Food Safety and Quality-Uniform , Risk-based Inspection System Needed to Ensure Safe Food Supply ( GAO/RCED-92-152 ) and Food Safety-Risk-based Inspections and Microbial Monitoring Needed for Meat and Poultry ( GAO/RCED-94-110 ) concerning the subject of this rule .
our office has issued food safety and quality-uniform , risk-based inspection system needed to [make sure] safe food supply ( gao/rced-92-152 ) and food safety-risk-based inspections and microbial monitoring needed for meat and poultry ( gao/rced-94-110 ) concerning the subject of this rule .

Accountability describes the nature of GAO 's work in helping Congress oversee federal programs and operations to ensure effective and efficient government for the American people .
accountability describes the nature of gao 's work in helping congress oversee federal programs and operations to [make sure] effective and efficient government for the american people .

In discussing GAO 's contributions and accomplishments , it is important that we engage in a select amount of research and development work to ensure that GAO can meet the institutional needs of the Congress over the long term .
in discussing gao 's contributions and accomplishments , it is important that we engage in a select amount of research and development work to [make sure] that gao can meet the institutional needs of the congress over the long term .

As I have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to ensure that GAO had the capacity and capabilities to serve the Congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .
as i have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to [make sure] that gao had the capacity and capabilities to serve the congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .

Many of the activities GAO has undertaken are designed to ensure that the agency is properly positioned to fully support the Congress as it faces the future .
many of the activities gao has undertaken are designed to [make sure] that the agency is properly positioned to fully support the congress as it faces the future .

GAO 's plan presents four strategic goals that will help the Congress perform its constitutional responsibilities and ensure GAO 's ability to continue providing effective , quality support to its clients .
gao 's plan presents four strategic goals that will help the congress perform its constitutional responsibilities and [make sure] gao 's ability to continue providing effective , quality support to its clients .

While the new surplus projections offer an opportunity to address today 's needs , we should not forget our stewardship responsibility to reduce the debt burden and increase the choices we leave to future generations , to provide a strong foundation for future economic growth and to ensure that future commitments are both adequate and affordable .
while the new surplus projections offer an opportunity to address today 's needs , we should not forget our stewardship responsibility to reduce the debt burden and increase the choices we leave to future generations , to provide a strong foundation for future economic growth and to [make sure] that future commitments are both adequate and affordable .

To ensure its ability to support the Congress in its decisionmaking , GAO will focus significant resources on the following important strategic objectives :
to [make sure] its ability to support the congress in its decisionmaking , gao will focus significant resources on the following important strategic objectives :

The plan not only represents a road map of how GAO will support the Congress in handling issues faced by the country , but it also charts the approach we will use to guide our efforts to strengthen that support and to ensure that GAO has the capacity to serve the Congress effectively in the st century .
the plan not only represents a road map of how gao will support the congress in handling issues faced by the country , but it also charts the approach we will use to guide our efforts to strengthen that support and to [make sure] that gao has the capacity to serve the congress effectively in the st century .

The realignment will ensure a continued ability to provide timely , quality work ; will build on efforts to provide broad oversight support ; will enhance client communications and feedback ; and will maintain a highlevel of return on investment .
the realignment will [make sure] a continued ability to provide timely , quality work ; will build on efforts to provide broad oversight support ; will enhance client communications and feedback ; and will maintain a highlevel of return on investment .

These protocols will help GAO to better serve the Congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the Congress and GAO wherever they exist , to ensure equitable treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen GAO 's performance and accountability .
these protocols will help gao to better serve the congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the congress and gao wherever they exist , to [make sure] equitable treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen gao 's performance and accountability .

It is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the Congress will also necessitate that GAO retain sufficient resources to ensure effective partnering with the Congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations .
it is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the congress will also necessitate that gao retain sufficient resources to [make sure] effective partnering with the congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations .

However , developing the information-sharing and coordination capabilities that could assist in effectively addressing computer-based threats and actual incidents has proven to be challenging as organizations grapple with ways to ensure that useful and complete data are collected ; appropriately analyzed ; protected from inappropriate disclosure ; and efficiently and effectively disseminated , often in the form of warnings .
however , developing the information-sharing and coordination capabilities that could assist in effectively addressing computer-based threats and actual incidents has proven to be challenging as organizations grapple with ways to [make sure] that useful and complete data are collected ; appropriately analyzed ; protected from inappropriate disclosure ; and efficiently and effectively disseminated , often in the form of warnings .

The organizations used a variety of mechanisms to ensure effective and timely communication among members and with the professional and administrative staffs that some of the organizations had established .
the organizations used a variety of mechanisms to [make sure] effective and timely communication among members and with the professional and administrative staffs that some of the organizations had established .

According to one official , such standardization helped to ensure that ( 1 ) members understood the level of risk imposed by the circumstance , ( 2 ) information was appropriately sanitized to protect the victim 's identity , and ( 3 ) solutions were easily understood .
according to one official , such standardization helped to [make sure] that ( 1 ) members understood the level of risk imposed by the circumstance , ( 2 ) information was appropriately sanitized to protect the victim 's identity , and ( 3 ) solutions were easily understood .

Top management support was also needed to ensure that a member organization 's representative could obtain funding for travel and other resources .
top management support was also needed to [make sure] that a member organization 's representative could obtain funding for travel and other resources .

Obtain Top Management Support Ensure Leadership Continuity Several organizations were led by individuals who had spent years building personal relationships with members and working to champion the purpose and mission of their organizations .
obtain top management support [make sure] leadership continuity several organizations were led by individuals who had spent years building personal relationships with members and working to champion the purpose and mission of their organizations .

These long-term leaders told us that , to help ensure continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual , they attempted to institutionalize their roles by bringing in additional people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization 's members .
these long-term leaders told us that , to help [make sure] continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual , they attempted to institutionalize their roles by bringing in additional people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization 's members .

The more formal agreements helped ensure that new members were familiar with the organization 's practices , which had previously been informal and undocumented .
the more formal agreements helped [make sure] that new members were familiar with the organization 's practices , which had previously been informal and undocumented .

This collaborative effort helped ensure and maintain trust between the organization and the company .
this collaborative effort helped [make sure] and maintain trust between the organization and the company .

In addition , before the information is made available to the system 's users , editors and a medical director , who is a physician , review the information to ensure accurate information exchange .
in addition , before the information is made available to the system 's users , editors and a medical director , who is a physician , review the information to [make sure] accurate information exchange .

INTERNAL CONTROL OBJECTIVES IN T & A SYSTEMS The primary objective of a T & A system is to ensure that hours worked , hours in pay status , and hours absent are properly reported .
internal control objectives in t & a systems the primary objective of a t & a system is to [make sure] that hours worked , hours in pay status , and hours absent are properly reported .

This helps ensure that accurate T & A information is recorded and reported for the purposes of computing pay and allowances .
this helps [make sure] that accurate t & a information is recorded and reported for the purposes of computing pay and allowances .

Timekeepers3 and supervisors must be aware of the work time and absence of employees for whom they are responsible to ensure the reliability of T & A data .
timekeepers3 and supervisors must be aware of the work time and absence of employees for whom they are responsible to [make sure] the reliability of t & a data .

To provide a basis for pay , leave , and benefits , the records must include aggregate hours of regular time , other time ( e.g. , overtime , credit hours , or compensatory time ) , and leave.4 To help ensure accuracy , the completed records must be reviewed and approved by the supervisor ( or other equivalent official ) .
to provide a basis for pay , leave , and benefits , the records must include aggregate hours of regular time , other time ( e.g. , overtime , credit hours , or compensatory time ) , and leave.4 to help [make sure] accuracy , the completed records must be reviewed and approved by the supervisor ( or other equivalent official ) .

Care should be taken ( 1 ) to ensure that the overtime was approved , preferably in advance , and ( 2 ) that the amount and type of overtime ( regular or irregular ) , credit hours , and compensatory time is accurately recorded .
care should be taken ( 1 ) to [make sure] that the overtime was approved , preferably in advance , and ( 2 ) that the amount and type of overtime ( regular or irregular ) , credit hours , and compensatory time is accurately recorded .

In these situations , an official authorized by the agency head ( or designee ) must grant advance authority in writing , and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of T & A data .
in these situations , an official authorized by the agency head ( or designee ) must grant advance authority in writing , and the agency must [make sure] that effective controls are in place to [make sure] the proper reporting of t & a data .

These weaknesses have a significant adverse impact on the ability of automated systems to ensure the necessary data integrity .
these weaknesses have a significant adverse impact on the ability of automated systems to [make sure] the necessary data integrity .

For example , the Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to ensure that federal agencies , `` when practicable , '' allow individuals and other entities the option to submit information to the agency electronically and maintain records electronically by October 21 , 2003 .
for example , the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to [make sure] that federal agencies , `` when practicable , '' allow individuals and other entities the option to submit information to the agency electronically and maintain records electronically by october 21 , 2003 .

They also said that the current flexible arrangement permits agency officials to ensure that the use of IT in rulemaking is carried out within the agency 's overall IT strategic planning efforts .
they also said that the current flexible arrangement permits agency officials to [make sure] that the use of it in rulemaking is carried out within the agency 's overall it strategic planning efforts .

Page 2 1024627 Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( B ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the regulation specifies in clear language the effect on existing Federal law or regulation .
page 2 1024627 section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( b ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to [make sure] that the regulation specifies in clear language the effect on existing federal law or regulation .

A term appointment would help to provide continuity that spans the tenure of the political leadership to ensure that long-term stewardship issues are addressed and change management initiatives are successfully completed .
a term appointment would help to provide continuity that spans the tenure of the political leadership to [make sure] that long-term stewardship issues are addressed and change management initiatives are successfully completed .

We provided drafts of our human capital model to OPM and OMB for their review prior to publication to help ensure that the three efforts are conceptually consistent .
we provided drafts of our human capital model to opm and omb for their review prior to publication to help [make sure] that the three efforts are conceptually consistent .

By managing our workforce strategically and focusing on results , we are helping to maximize our own performance and ensure our own accountability .
by managing our workforce strategically and focusing on results , we are helping to maximize our own performance and [make sure] our own accountability .

I look forward to continuing to work with Congress , OPM , OMB , agencies , the National Commission on the Public Service , and other interested parties as we jointly seek to ensure that the federal government modernizes its human capital strategies in order to maximize performance , assure accountability , transform itself , and prepare for the future .
i look forward to continuing to work with congress , opm , omb , agencies , the national commission on the public service , and other interested parties as we jointly seek to [make sure] that the federal government modernizes its human capital strategies in order to maximize performance , assure accountability , transform itself , and prepare for the future .

In implementing these standards , management is responsible for developing the detailed policies , procedures , and practices to fit their agency 's operations and to ensure that they are built into and an integral part of operations .
in implementing these standards , management is responsible for developing the detailed policies , procedures , and practices to fit their agency 's operations and to [make sure] that they are built into and an integral part of operations .

They help ensure that actions are taken to address risks .
they help [make sure] that actions are taken to address risks .

Management should ensure that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to obtain a workforce that has the required skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals .
management should [make sure] that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to obtain a workforce that has the required skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals .

Qualified and continuous supervision should be provided to ensure that internal control objectives are achieved .
qualified and continuous supervision should be provided to [make sure] that internal control objectives are achieved .

As a part of its human capital planning , management should also consider how best to retain valuable employees , plan for their eventual succession , and ensure continuity of needed skills and abilities .
as a part of its human capital planning , management should also consider how best to retain valuable employees , plan for their eventual succession , and [make sure] continuity of needed skills and abilities .

In addition , control activities help to ensure that all transactions are completely and accurately recorded .
in addition , control activities help to [make sure] that all transactions are completely and accurately recorded .

An alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .
an alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to [make sure] that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .

This category of control is designed to help ensure completeness , accuracy , authorization , and validity of all transactions during application processing .
this category of control is designed to help [make sure] completeness , accuracy , authorization , and validity of all transactions during application processing .

Control should be installed at an application 's interfaces with other systems to ensure that all inputs are received and are valid and outputs are correct and properly distributed .
control should be installed at an application 's interfaces with other systems to [make sure] that all inputs are received and are valid and outputs are correct and properly distributed .

General control supports the functioning of application control , and both are needed to ensure complete and accurate information processing .
general control supports the functioning of application control , and both are needed to [make sure] complete and accurate information processing .

In additional to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in additional to internal communications , management should [make sure] there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

Owners , the government included , traditionally have maintained some level of internal facility planning and design oversight capability to ensure that new facilities acceptably balance the factors of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .
owners , the government included , traditionally have maintained some level of internal facility planning and design oversight capability to [make sure] that new facilities acceptably balance the factors of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .

Throughout this process , owners usually maintain some level of design oversight to ensure that the acquired facility is an acceptable balance of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .
throughout this process , owners usually maintain some level of design oversight to [make sure] that the acquired facility is an acceptable balance of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .

For some organizations , design review was limited to reviewing a consultantprepared schematic design to ensure that it met the owner organization 's functional requirements for floor area , functional adjacencies and connections , and budget .
for some organizations , design review was limited to reviewing a consultantprepared schematic design to [make sure] that it met the owner organization 's functional requirements for floor area , functional adjacencies and connections , and budget .

The owner is therefore well advised to ensure that preparation of the project scope definition package accurately and clearly expresses expectations for project performance , quality , cost , and schedule .
the owner is therefore well advised to [make sure] that preparation of the project scope definition package accurately and clearly expresses expectations for project performance , quality , cost , and schedule .

Such structured formality helps ensure the widest possible participation of interested parties during the review , including specialists and consultants who bring expertise in such areas as value engineering , constructability , biddability,12 operability , maintainability , and environmental compliance .
such structured formality helps [make sure] the widest possible participation of interested parties during the review , including specialists and consultants who bring expertise in such areas as value engineering , constructability , biddability,12 operability , maintainability , and environmental compliance .

Operability Does design of the facility operating systems ensure ease and efficiency of operation during the facility 's useful lifetime ?
operability does design of the facility operating systems [make sure] ease and efficiency of operation during the facility 's useful lifetime ?

Ensure that all interested parties participate in design reviews from the planning and design phases , so that all perspectives are represented as the design evolves .
[make sure] that all interested parties participate in design reviews from the planning and design phases , so that all perspectives are represented as the design evolves .

Participants should commit for the duration of the activity to ensure continuity .
participants should commit for the duration of the activity to [make sure] continuity .

It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
it incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and [make sure] that significant issues are included .

The auditor should also recommend changes to ensure that the agency is properly addressing the critical factors in the GAO model .
the auditor should also recommend changes to [make sure] that the agency is properly addressing the critical factors in the gao model .

One or more senior managers should act as system sponsors , with sufficient authority to ensure that applicable resources are available for the project .
one or more senior managers should act as system sponsors , with sufficient authority to [make sure] that applicable resources are available for the project .

Users should also be involved and provide support throughout the acquisition to ensure that their requirements are understood and that the resulting system is both accepted and used .
users should also be involved and provide support throughout the acquisition to [make sure] that their requirements are understood and that the resulting system is both accepted and used .

To ensure that senior managers support and areactively involved throughout the development and implementation of an acquisition .
to [make sure] that senior managers support and areactively involved throughout the development and implementation of an acquisition .

To ensure that users support the acquisition byactively participating in defining procurement requirements , developing the solicitation document , and verifying that the equipment and/or services contracted for meet the agency 's needs .
to [make sure] that users support the acquisition byactively participating in defining procurement requirements , developing the solicitation document , and verifying that the equipment and/or services contracted for meet the agency 's needs .

To ensure that the acquisition is based on clearlyunderstood needs or opportunities and that it is consistent with the overall strategy and architectures used by the agency .
to [make sure] that the acquisition is based on clearlyunderstood needs or opportunities and that it is consistent with the overall strategy and architectures used by the agency .

To ensure that the agency defines its requirements , based on the needs identified earlier and validated by functional users , well enough to support the acquisition of hardware , software , telecommunications , and system development services .
to [make sure] that the agency defines its requirements , based on the needs identified earlier and validated by functional users , well enough to support the acquisition of hardware , software , telecommunications , and system development services .

Ensure that all required justifications are completed and properly approved for such restrictions .
[make sure] that all required justifications are completed and properly approved for such restrictions .

Ensure that the agency considered , as appropriate , the alternatives included in GAO 's acquisition model and FIRMR 201-20.203-1 .
[make sure] that the agency considered , as appropriate , the alternatives included in gao 's acquisition model and firmr 201-20.203-1 .

Ensure that the economic analysis includes present values for costs and benefits and is updated periodically .
[make sure] that the economic analysis includes present values for costs and benefits and is updated periodically .

Ensure that the agency has selected the mostadvantageous and realistic alternative with respect to benefits , costs , and risks ( based on steps 4 and 7 ) .
[make sure] that the agency has selected the mostadvantageous and realistic alternative with respect to benefits , costs , and risks ( based on steps 4 and 7 ) .

To ensure that the planning is accomplished in an effective , economical , and timely manner , the agency should prepare an acquisition plan containing an overall strategy for managing the preaward , acquisition , and postaward phases .
to [make sure] that the planning is accomplished in an effective , economical , and timely manner , the agency should prepare an acquisition plan containing an overall strategy for managing the preaward , acquisition , and postaward phases .

Ensure that the program manager periodically reviews the acquisition plan and updates it when necessary .
[make sure] that the program manager periodically reviews the acquisition plan and updates it when necessary .

Auditors should determine what steps the agency has taken to get feedback on its requirements , how the agency has handled comments or questions on a proposed RFP , and whether the agency has acted to ensure that contractor proposals are competitive .
auditors should determine what steps the agency has taken to get feedback on its requirements , how the agency has handled comments or questions on a proposed rfp , and whether the agency has acted to [make sure] that contractor proposals are competitive .

Ensure that the source selection plan has been approved by the source selection authority before presolicitation conferences are held or the solicitation document is issued , in accordance with FAR 15.612 .
[make sure] that the source selection plan has been approved by the source selection authority before presolicitation conferences are held or the solicitation document is issued , in accordance with far 15.612 .

To ensure that the source selection process isAudit Objective planned and carried out in order to successfully reach a contract that gives the best value to the government .
to [make sure] that the source selection process isaudit objective planned and carried out in order to successfully reach a contract that gives the best value to the government .

Contract Management Contract management includes the steps required to ensure that the agency receives products and services within established costs and time frames .
contract management contract management includes the steps required to [make sure] that the agency receives products and services within established costs and time frames .

The program manager helps monitor contractor performance to ensure that user requirements are met by the products or services delivered and that senior officials provide support and oversight .
the program manager helps monitor contractor performance to [make sure] that user requirements are met by the products or services delivered and that senior officials provide support and oversight .

The Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer 's Representative/Contracting Officer 's Technical Representative should ensure that deliverables are received as required .
the contracting officer and contracting officer 's representative/contracting officer 's technical representative should [make sure] that deliverables are received as required .

Establishing a review process to ensure thatproposed engineering changes are within the scope of the contract .
establishing a review process to [make sure] thatproposed engineering changes are within the scope of the contract .

Page 58 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks c. Regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures .
page 58 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks c. regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to [make sure] that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures .

The auditor should ensure that test planning is conducted early enough so that test requirements are included in the contract .
the auditor should [make sure] that test planning is conducted early enough so that test requirements are included in the contract .

In assessing the postaward phase , the auditor should ensure that the agency has not accepted equipment or software that does not meet its requirements .
in assessing the postaward phase , the auditor should [make sure] that the agency has not accepted equipment or software that does not meet its requirements .

Agency personnel should ensure that the contractor fully meets the conditions for acceptable performance .
agency personnel should [make sure] that the contractor fully meets the conditions for acceptable performance .

Auditors should also ensure that the model used is consistent with the software development methodology of the project under consideration .
auditors should also [make sure] that the model used is consistent with the software development methodology of the project under consideration .

When using these references , summarized below , auditors should ensure that the most current version available is used .
when using these references , summarized below , auditors should [make sure] that the most current version available is used .

The intent is to ensure that the proposed resources can provide the required functions .
the intent is to [make sure] that the proposed resources can provide the required functions .

I firmly believe these protocols will help to ensure the consistency , fairness , and effectiveness of GAO 's interactions with the agencies and thereby enable GAO to better serve the Congress and the American people .
i firmly believe these protocols will help to [make sure] the consistency , fairness , and effectiveness of gao 's interactions with the agencies and thereby enable gao to better serve the congress and the american people .

Furthermore , the protocols will help to ensure the consistency , fairness , and effectiveness of interactions between GAO and the agencies with which it works .
furthermore , the protocols will help to [make sure] the consistency , fairness , and effectiveness of interactions between gao and the agencies with which it works .

GAO 's activities are designed to ensure the executive branch 's accountability to the Congress under the Constitution and the federal government 's accountability to the American people .
gao 's activities are designed to [make sure] the executive branch 's accountability to the congress under the constitution and the federal government 's accountability to the american people .

The purpose of the closeout meeting is to ensure that GAO staff have been provided with a full understanding of the information they have gathered at a field location and its relevance to the engagement 's objectives .
the purpose of the closeout meeting is to [make sure] that gao staff have been provided with a full understanding of the information they have gathered at a field location and its relevance to the engagement 's objectives .

OSI 's mission is to improve the performance and ensure the accountability of government by conducting oversight investigations concerning allegations of serious wrongdoing that may involve potential violations of criminal law .
osi 's mission is to improve the performance and [make sure] the accountability of government by conducting oversight investigations concerning allegations of serious wrongdoing that may involve potential violations of criminal law .

To ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , OSI performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .
to [make sure] admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , osi performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the u.s. constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .

To ensure GAO 's access to information maintained by federal agencies , the Congress provided in 31 U.S.C .
to [make sure] gao 's access to information maintained by federal agencies , the congress provided in 31 u.s.c .

That analysis notes that the rule was needed in order to reduce regulatory burdens on computer manufacturers , to remove impediments to flexible systems design and construction techniques , and to reduce the potential for interference to radio services by improving the Commission 's ability to ensure that personal computers comply with the Commission 's standards and testing procedures .
that analysis notes that the rule was needed in order to reduce regulatory burdens on computer manufacturers , to remove impediments to flexible systems design and construction techniques , and to reduce the potential for interference to radio services by improving the commission 's ability to [make sure] that personal computers comply with the commission 's standards and testing procedures .

The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 This act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 GSA has incorporated these policies into the Federal Property Management Regulations5 and the Federal Travel Regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .
the statute directed the administrator of gsa to issue guidelines to [make sure] that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 this act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 gsa has incorporated these policies into the federal property management regulations5 and the federal travel regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .

Section 6008 requires the Administrator of the General Services Administration to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by Federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .
section 6008 requires the administrator of the general services administration to issue guidelines to [make sure] that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .

Our Office has performed work relating to this area recently , including `` Health Insurance Portability : Reform Could Ensure Continued Coverage for up to 25 Million Americans '' ( HEHS-95-257 ) .
our office has performed work relating to this area recently , including `` health insurance portability : reform could [make sure] continued coverage for up to 25 million americans '' ( hehs-95-257 ) .

Absent program changes , saving the Social Security surpluses-and even the Medicare surpluses-is not enough to ensure retirement security for the aging population without placing a heavy burden on future generations .
absent program changes , saving the social security surpluses-and even the medicare surpluses-is not enough to [make sure] retirement security for the aging population without placing a heavy burden on future generations .

In addition , many policymakers and analysts have questioned whether American households are saving enough to ensure their retirement security .
in addition , many policymakers and analysts have questioned whether american households are saving enough to [make sure] their retirement security .

To ensure saving discipline , people may use `` contractual '' or automatic mechanisms , such as payroll deductions , to save .
to [make sure] saving discipline , people may use `` contractual '' or automatic mechanisms , such as payroll deductions , to save .

While saving the Social Security surpluses is a laudable fiscal policy goal , Americans need to save more to ensure their own retirement security as well as the nation 's future prosperity .
while saving the social security surpluses is a laudable fiscal policy goal , americans need to save more to [make sure] their own retirement security as well as the nation 's future prosperity .

This Ricardian equivalence hypothesis holds that people are forward-looking and recognize that current government surpluses or deficits affect government debt and future tax rates.6 Thus , when the government runs deficits and accumulates debt , Ricardian consumers would save more to ensure that they or their descendants can pay the expected higher future taxes .
this ricardian equivalence hypothesis holds that people are forward-looking and recognize that current government surpluses or deficits affect government debt and future tax rates.6 thus , when the government runs deficits and accumulates debt , ricardian consumers would save more to [make sure] that they or their descendants can pay the expected higher future taxes .

Thus , saving Social Security surpluses is not enough to ensure retirement security for the aging population without placing a heavy burden on future generations .
thus , saving social security surpluses is not enough to [make sure] retirement security for the aging population without placing a heavy burden on future generations .

It also asks statement recipients to check their listed earnings to help correct errors and ensure benefits are correct when workers retire , become disabled , or die .
it also asks statement recipients to check their listed earnings to help correct errors and [make sure] benefits are correct when workers retire , become disabled , or die .

The key to effectively addressing these challenges is to ensure that long-standing modernization management and technical weaknesses are corrected before IRS invests large sums of modernization funds .
the key to effectively addressing these challenges is to [make sure] that long-standing modernization management and technical weaknesses are corrected before irs invests large sums of modernization funds .

Agencies that expect their employees to take greater responsibility and be held accountable for results must ensure that the employees have the training and tools they need to fulfill these expectations .
agencies that expect their employees to take greater responsibility and be held accountable for results must [make sure] that the employees have the training and tools they need to fulfill these expectations .

The Office of Student Financial Assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , accurate , and timely data to ensure program integrity .
the office of student financial assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , accurate , and timely data to [make sure] program integrity .

Through the appointment and confirmation process , the Senate has an added opportunity to make clear its commitment to sound federal management and explore what prospective nominees plan to do to ensure that their agencies are well-managed and striving to be high-performing organizations .
through the appointment and confirmation process , the senate has an added opportunity to make clear its commitment to sound federal management and explore what prospective nominees plan to do to [make sure] that their agencies are well-managed and striving to be high-performing organizations .

The Commission also adopted amendments to its Quote Rule to ensure that all investors are fully informed of the best price at which specialists or market makers are willing to trade a security .
the commission also adopted amendments to its quote rule to [make sure] that all investors are fully informed of the best price at which specialists or market makers are willing to trade a security .

Principles and practices gleaned from the case studies presented in our guide offer concrete suggestions on what agency executives can do to ensure the effectiveness of their CIO organizations .
principles and practices gleaned from the case studies presented in our guide offer concrete suggestions on what agency executives can do to [make sure] the effectiveness of their cio organizations .

Even with the guidance provided by OMB for establishing the new information technology management leadership positions , agencies face distinct challenges in effectively positioning federal CIOs and supporting organizations to ensure that information management adds value in their business/mission performance .4 CIOs in the federal sector face structural and cultural hurdles generally not found elsewhere .
even with the guidance provided by omb for establishing the new information technology management leadership positions , agencies face distinct challenges in effectively positioning federal cios and supporting organizations to [make sure] that information management adds value in their business/mission performance .4 cios in the federal sector face structural and cultural hurdles generally not found elsewhere .

The principle that addresses the need to ensure the credibility of the CIO organization and the principle that encourages measuring success and demonstrating results , if executed successfully , will lead to the confidence of those with operational responsibility in the enterprise .
the principle that addresses the need to [make sure] the credibility of the cio organization and the principle that encourages measuring success and demonstrating results , if executed successfully , will lead to the confidence of those with operational responsibility in the enterprise .

In addition , the participation of the CIO in long-range strategic planning is necessary to take full advantage of the opportunities IT can provide and to ensure that the technology infrastructure is in place as business strategies develop .
in addition , the participation of the cio in long-range strategic planning is necessary to take full advantage of the opportunities it can provide and to [make sure] that the technology infrastructure is in place as business strategies develop .

The company had outsourced its information management function , but lacked the infrastructure to provide strategic direction , discipline , and overall management of information management to ensure optimal implementation and cost .
the company had outsourced its information management function , but lacked the infrastructure to provide strategic direction , discipline , and overall management of information management to [make sure] optimal implementation and cost .

Executives ensure this by giving the CIO a key role in IT investment decision-making , providing budget control , or ensuring leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .
executives [make sure] this by giving the cio a key role in it investment decision-making , providing budget control , or ensuring leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .

CIOs generally report to and partner with their agency heads , forging relationships that ensure high visibility and support for far-reaching information management initiatives .
cios generally report to and partner with their agency heads , forging relationships that [make sure] high visibility and support for far-reaching information management initiatives .

Strategies to Consider In the absence of a single model for instituting a CIO , senior executives take precautions to ensure that their information management leadership positions are appropriately defined and implemented to meet their unique business needs .
strategies to consider in the absence of a single model for instituting a cio , senior executives take precautions to [make sure] that their information management leadership positions are appropriately defined and implemented to meet their unique business needs .

Having achieved senior management interest and backing , CIOs can leverage this support as needed to help ensure cooperation for carrying out information technology and management and business change initiatives across the enterprise .
having achieved senior management interest and backing , cios can leverage this support as needed to help [make sure] cooperation for carrying out information technology and management and business change initiatives across the enterprise .

Instead , they seek to bridge the gap between technology and the business by networking informally , forming alliances , and building friendships that help ensure support for information technology and management .
instead , they seek to bridge the gap between technology and the business by networking informally , forming alliances , and building friendships that help [make sure] support for information technology and management .

These CIOs are careful not to get caught in the cycle of continual planning , but take steps to ensure effective progression from planning to implementation .
these cios are careful not to get caught in the cycle of continual planning , but take steps to [make sure] effective progression from planning to implementation .

They posed such resistance that at one point , the CIO had the lieutenant governor make a surprise visit to a steering committee meeting to oversee project progress , demonstrate senior management support , and ensure agency cooperation toward meeting common objectives .
they posed such resistance that at one point , the cio had the lieutenant governor make a surprise visit to a steering committee meeting to oversee project progress , demonstrate senior management support , and [make sure] agency cooperation toward meeting common objectives .

Strategies to Consider While senior executives are responsible for creating the environments and positions likely to ensure CIO success , it is the responsibility of the CIOs themselves to make that success a reality .
strategies to consider while senior executives are responsible for creating the environments and positions likely to [make sure] cio success , it is the responsibility of the cios themselves to make that success a reality .

Regardless of all the promising skills , strategies , and technologies they may bring to bear , no CIO can be effective without first building credibility with business executives , IT professionals , and user communities alike to ensure commitment and support for their information management leadership and initiatives .
regardless of all the promising skills , strategies , and technologies they may bring to bear , no cio can be effective without first building credibility with business executives , it professionals , and user communities alike to [make sure] commitment and support for their information management leadership and initiatives .

The following practices , commonly used by CIOs in leading organizations to build credibility , can also be considered and applied by CIOs in federal departments and agencies to better legitimize their positions and help ensure success in their individual business/cultural environments .
the following practices , commonly used by cios in leading organizations to build credibility , can also be considered and applied by cios in federal departments and agencies to better legitimize their positions and help [make sure] success in their individual business/cultural environments .

Organizations balance various technical measures to ensure that IT products and services are deployed in the most effective and efficient ways and lead to desired business results .
organizations balance various technical measures to [make sure] that it products and services are deployed in the most effective and efficient ways and lead to desired business results .

Once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process , organizations are in a better position to ensure that goals and objectives clearly link and align with IT performance measures .
once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process , organizations are in a better position to [make sure] that goals and objectives clearly link and align with it performance measures .

Key Characteristics It is the duty of a CIO to manage expectations and help ensure that all members of a CIO organization have a clear understanding of their responsibilities .
key characteristics it is the duty of a cio to manage expectations and help [make sure] that all members of a cio organization have a clear understanding of their responsibilities .

Human resources systems were consolidated and new corporate structures were quickly defined to ensure continued support to the enlarged customer base .
human resources systems were consolidated and new corporate structures were quickly defined to [make sure] continued support to the enlarged customer base .

The corporate CIO works with CIOs or other information managers in each of the business units to ensure efficient , reliable , and interoperable technology for the entire corporation .
the corporate cio works with cios or other information managers in each of the business units to [make sure] efficient , reliable , and interoperable technology for the entire corporation .

Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 ( FASA ) ( Public Law 103-355 ) ¬ This law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include IT projects ) and monitor these programs to ensure that they remain within prescribed tolerances .
federal acquisition streamlining act of 1994 ( fasa ) ( public law 103-355 ) ¬ this law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include it projects ) and monitor these programs to [make sure] that they remain within prescribed tolerances .

The restrictions were considered necessary `` to ensure that the limits of the federal program [ were ] observed . ''
the restrictions were considered necessary `` to [make sure] that the limits of the federal program [ were ] observed . ''

As we said in Rosenberger , `` [ w ] hen the government disburses public funds to private entities to convey a governmental message , it may take legitimate and appropriate steps to ensure that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee . ''
as we said in rosenberger , `` [ w ] hen the government disburses public funds to private entities to convey a governmental message , it may take legitimate and appropriate steps to [make sure] that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee . ''

Although the government has the latitude to ensure that its own message is being delivered , neither that latitude nor its rationale applies to subsidies for private speech in every instance .
although the government has the latitude to [make sure] that its own message is being delivered , neither that latitude nor its rationale applies to subsidies for private speech in every instance .

LSC is also obligated to ensure that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the efforts of other providers of civil legal services .
lsc is also obligated to [make sure] that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the efforts of other providers of civil legal services .

Attorneys working for LSC-funded programs may no longer , for example , initiate or participate in class action lawsuits , collect courtawarded attorneys ' fees , represent prisoners or certain categories of aliens , or take cases involving political redistricting , abortion , or drug-related public housing evictions.4 Another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for LSC service contracts , requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a condition of continued federal funding.5 Finally , in 1996 Congress approved a one-third reduction in LSC 's annual appropriation , from $ 400 million to $ 278 million.6 In July 1995 , in anticipation of the funding cutbacks , LSC initiated the broad outlines of its `` state planning process '' to highlight strategies by which programs could stretch scarce federal dollars to help ensure that all low-income clients have an equal opportunity to receive the most accessible , effective legal assistance possible .
attorneys working for lsc-funded programs may no longer , for example , initiate or participate in class action lawsuits , collect courtawarded attorneys ' fees , represent prisoners or certain categories of aliens , or take cases involving political redistricting , abortion , or drug-related public housing evictions.4 another major reform of 1996 instituted a competitive bidding process for lsc service contracts , requiring programs to demonstrate results and progress as a condition of continued federal funding.5 finally , in 1996 congress approved a one-third reduction in lsc 's annual appropriation , from $ 400 million to $ 278 million.6 in july 1995 , in anticipation of the funding cutbacks , lsc initiated the broad outlines of its `` state planning process '' to highlight strategies by which programs could stretch scarce federal dollars to help [make sure] that all low-income clients have an equal opportunity to receive the most accessible , effective legal assistance possible .

LSC requires its grantees in each state to work with each other and equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .
lsc requires its grantees in each state to work with each other and equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , [make sure] the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .

Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income americans who can access the civil justice system and to [make sure] that all clients receive quality legal services .

Twenty-seven years ago , our government made a pledge to help ensure that all persons have access to America 's civil justice system by enacting legislation that created Legal Services Corporation .
twenty-seven years ago , our government made a pledge to help [make sure] that all persons have access to america 's civil justice system by enacting legislation that created legal services corporation .

To ensure that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , NLADA and LSC selected participants to reflect both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .
to [make sure] that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , nlada and lsc selected participants to reflect both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .

Conferees further noted that possibilities for promotion among women and members of `` disenfranchised groups '' must be in place to ensure that `` diversity '' goes beyond race .
conferees further noted that possibilities for promotion among women and members of `` disenfranchised groups '' must be in place to [make sure] that `` diversity '' goes beyond race .

On a broader level , conferees agreed that we must work to ensure that both individual state justice communities and the broader national counterpart becomes more diverse , inclusive and multiculturally competent .
on a broader level , conferees agreed that we must work to [make sure] that both individual state justice communities and the broader national counterpart becomes more diverse , inclusive and multiculturally competent .

Leaders are held accountable for progress in meeting goals that ensure our programs and state justice communities are diverse throughout , maintaining a `` glittering mosaic . ''
leaders are held accountable for progress in meeting goals that [make sure] our programs and state justice communities are diverse throughout , maintaining a `` glittering mosaic . ''

In 1997 , LSC began to initiate a series of efforts that we believed would ensure that services to clients did not falter in a time of decreasing resources and limited opportunities .
in 1997 , lsc began to initiate a series of efforts that we believed would [make sure] that services to clients did not falter in a time of decreasing resources and limited opportunities .

LSC required its grantees in each state to work with each other and with other equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .
lsc required its grantees in each state to work with each other and with other equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , [make sure] the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .

The twin objectives of Strategic Directions 2000-2005 were to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
the twin objectives of strategic directions 2000-2005 were to dramatically increase the number of low-income americans who can access the civil justice system and to [make sure] that all clients receive quality legal services .

Indeed , in recent internal budget battles within LSC , projects essential to the creation of world class delivery systems- such as the development of a new measurement system to measure our work and the work of our grantees in terms of outcomes for clients and projects to ensure that the delivery system is inclusive and multi-culturally competent-were summarily removed from the first drafts of the budget by the staff who prepare the budget .
indeed , in recent internal budget battles within lsc , projects essential to the creation of world class delivery systems- such as the development of a new measurement system to measure our work and the work of our grantees in terms of outcomes for clients and projects to [make sure] that the delivery system is inclusive and multi-culturally competent-were summarily removed from the first drafts of the budget by the staff who prepare the budget .

The Corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations , and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients .
the corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to [make sure] both compliance with program rules and regulations , and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients .

Of particular importance , however , are the methods for ensuring that LSC obtain necessary access to information in ways that ensure full compliance consistent with its statutory obligations .
of particular importance , however , are the methods for ensuring that lsc obtain necessary access to information in ways that [make sure] full compliance consistent with its statutory obligations .

Congress has mandated that LSC effectively monitor and audit its grant recipients , and that LSC respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that LSC recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .
congress has mandated that lsc effectively monitor and audit its grant recipients , and that lsc respect attorney-client privilege and [make sure] that lsc recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .

STATUTORY FRAMEWORK LSC has the statutory responsibility to ensure that recipients comply with the provisions of the LSC Act and regulations and any other laws , including appropriation provisions , which apply to LSC funds or recipients .
statutory framework lsc has the statutory responsibility to [make sure] that recipients comply with the provisions of the lsc act and regulations and any other laws , including appropriation provisions , which apply to lsc funds or recipients .

In addition , section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) includes both a prohibition that LSC `` shall not , under any provision of this title , interfere with any attorney in carrying out his professional responsibilities '' and also imposes an affirmative duty that LSC `` shall ensure that activities under this title are carried out in a manner consistent with attorneys ' professional responsibilities . ''
in addition , section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) includes both a prohibition that lsc `` shall not , under any provision of this title , interfere with any attorney in carrying out his professional responsibilities '' and also imposes an affirmative duty that lsc `` shall [make sure] that activities under this title are carried out in a manner consistent with attorneys ' professional responsibilities . ''

GENERAL PRINCIPLES LSC will act to carry out its statutory responsibilities to ensure compliance with the LSC Act , appropriation provisions and any other provisions of law and will do so consistent with the statutory provisions on both privileged and confidential information .
general principles lsc will act to carry out its statutory responsibilities to [make sure] compliance with the lsc act , appropriation provisions and any other provisions of law and will do so consistent with the statutory provisions on both privileged and confidential information .

Flexibility of Approaches : OCE shall consider and seek to accommodate reasonable approaches to access to records proposed by recipients to protect privileged or confidential information so long as such proposed approaches also ensure access by OCE to information it needs to carry out its responsibilities .
flexibility of approaches : oce shall consider and seek to accommodate reasonable approaches to access to records proposed by recipients to protect privileged or confidential information so long as such proposed approaches also [make sure] access by oce to information it needs to carry out its responsibilities .

Upon receipt of this notice , OCE will so notify the Vice President for Administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
upon receipt of this notice , oce will so notify the vice president for administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to [make sure] compliance .

If Vice Presidents for Administration and Programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then OCE will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
if vice presidents for administration and programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then oce will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to [make sure] compliance .

Such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign H2A workers and to ensure that the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers would not be undermined .
such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign h2a workers and to [make sure] that the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers would not be undermined .

In adopting the H-2A program , Congress sought `` a balanced program that would ensure an adequate source of labor , but would not exploit employees or provide an added incentive to hire foreign rather than resident workers . ''
in adopting the h-2a program , congress sought `` a balanced program that would [make sure] an adequate source of labor , but would not exploit employees or provide an added incentive to hire foreign rather than resident workers . ''

Congress designated a specific set of rights and guarantees for H-2A workers , including workers compensation , housing , and other benefits to ensure that these statutory goals were met .
congress designated a specific set of rights and guarantees for h-2a workers , including workers compensation , housing , and other benefits to [make sure] that these statutory goals were met .

The statutory protections set forth in the H-2A program , and the provision of legal representation to H-2A workers to enforce these rights , thus were intended to accomplish two purposes : to protect foreign workers from exploitation , and to ensure that the employment of such workers would not depress the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers .
the statutory protections set forth in the h-2a program , and the provision of legal representation to h-2a workers to enforce these rights , thus were intended to accomplish two purposes : to protect foreign workers from exploitation , and to [make sure] that the employment of such workers would not depress the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers .

The President of the North Carolina Bar Association reports that `` there just are not enough civil legal resources available from the private bar , paid or pro bono , to ensure that migrant workers achieve even minimum access to their basic human and contract rights . ''
the president of the north carolina bar association reports that `` there just are not enough civil legal resources available from the private bar , paid or pro bono , to [make sure] that migrant workers achieve even minimum access to their basic human and contract rights . ''

The USDOL had documented repeated and long-standing violations of the H-2A statute and regulations , but failed to take action either to correct the violations or to ensure that full restitution was made to the workers .
the usdol had documented repeated and long-standing violations of the h-2a statute and regulations , but failed to take action either to correct the violations or to [make sure] that full restitution was made to the workers .

Such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign H-2A workers and to ensure that the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers would not be undermined .
such representation was intended to prevent the exploitation of foreign h-2a workers and to [make sure] that the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers would not be undermined .

Employers who successfully excluded legal services representatives from their labor camps or intimidated workers into not contacting legal services during the course of employment could ensure a workforce without access to legal representation .
employers who successfully excluded legal services representatives from their labor camps or intimidated workers into not contacting legal services during the course of employment could [make sure] a workforce without access to legal representation .

Opposing litigants and H-2A employers could prolong the legal process simply by refusing to return legal service attorneys ' phone calls or delaying provision of records to which the worker was entitled to ensure that the H-2A worker left the United States before a dispute could be resolved .
opposing litigants and h-2a employers could prolong the legal process simply by refusing to return legal service attorneys ' phone calls or delaying provision of records to which the worker was entitled to [make sure] that the h-2a worker left the united states before a dispute could be resolved .

The protections of the H-2A statute were adopted , inter alia , to ensure that the employment of foreign workers would not undermine the wages and working conditions of U.S. workers , and Congress provided legal services representation `` to secure the rights of H-2 agricultural workers '' under their employment contracts .
the protections of the h-2a statute were adopted , inter alia , to [make sure] that the employment of foreign workers would not undermine the wages and working conditions of u.s. workers , and congress provided legal services representation `` to secure the rights of h-2 agricultural workers '' under their employment contracts .

This document established twin goals to be attained by the national legal services community by 2004 : to dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; and to ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high-quality legal assistance .
this document established twin goals to be attained by the national legal services community by 2004 : to dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; and to [make sure] that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high-quality legal assistance .

Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
similarly , oim revised the electronic grant renewal application to accommodate new information sought by lsc and to [make sure] greater ease for users .

The purpose of the self-inspection process is to give our grantees a means to ensure that their CSR data meet LSC standards for accuracy .
the purpose of the self-inspection process is to give our grantees a means to [make sure] that their csr data meet lsc standards for accuracy .

To ensure top quality representation , legal workers need ongoing training in new and complex areas of law .
to [make sure] top quality representation , legal workers need ongoing training in new and complex areas of law .

Protocols on closed cases will ensure the consistent application of our analysis factors .
protocols on closed cases will [make sure] the consistent application of our analysis factors .

Legal Work Management and Supervision One of best ways to obtain uniformly high quality services is to ensure that grantees ' legal work management and supervision is rigorous and effective .
legal work management and supervision one of best ways to obtain uniformly high quality services is to [make sure] that grantees ' legal work management and supervision is rigorous and effective .

When LSC staff found that one program lacked an effective way to monitor the quality of its advocates ' written legal work , we gave specific directions on how the program could establish a system to ensure high quality written legal work .
when lsc staff found that one program lacked an effective way to monitor the quality of its advocates ' written legal work , we gave specific directions on how the program could establish a system to [make sure] high quality written legal work .

The strategic directions adopted by the Board will achieve LSC 's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals : ( 1 ) By 2004 , LSC will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; ( 2 ) By 2004 , LSC will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance .
the strategic directions adopted by the board will achieve lsc 's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals : ( 1 ) by 2004 , lsc will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; ( 2 ) by 2004 , lsc will [make sure] that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance .

Twenty-five years ago , our government made a pledge to help ensure that all persons have access to America 's civil justice system by enacting legislation that created Legal Services Corporation .
twenty-five years ago , our government made a pledge to help [make sure] that all persons have access to america 's civil justice system by enacting legislation that created legal services corporation .

The reviews will allow LSC to more effectively execute its compliance function and ensure the accuracy of CSR reporting by its grantees .
the reviews will allow lsc to more effectively execute its compliance function and [make sure] the accuracy of csr reporting by its grantees .

While LSC will implement these performance measures on January 1 , 2001 , it will diligently evaluate the chosen method of analysis prior to implementation to ensure it provides useful and meaningful data .
while lsc will implement these performance measures on january 1 , 2001 , it will diligently evaluate the chosen method of analysis prior to implementation to [make sure] it provides useful and meaningful data .

Even though the poverty rate has slightly declined , 18.9 percent of children are still poor.12 In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system , a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital .
even though the poverty rate has slightly declined , 18.9 percent of children are still poor.12 in order to [make sure] these americans are not left out of the justice system , a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital .

In 1998 , LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .
in 1998 , lsc program letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and [make sure] that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .

They considered ways in which the 33 civil legal services programs in the state ( including the 12 LSC entities ) should expand partnerships to ensure that low-income Floridians had access to a full array of the highest quality legal services possible .
they considered ways in which the 33 civil legal services programs in the state ( including the 12 lsc entities ) should expand partnerships to [make sure] that low-income floridians had access to a full array of the highest quality legal services possible .

LSMV has non-LSC funding to represent clients in specific substantive areas , and ILS and LSMV are in the process of developing referral protocols to ensure that clients are referred to the appropriate organization .
lsmv has non-lsc funding to represent clients in specific substantive areas , and ils and lsmv are in the process of developing referral protocols to [make sure] that clients are referred to the appropriate organization .

Each region will have a Regional Advisory Council , with a large number of client representatives , which will develop these guidelines and work with the local ILS office to ensure that it is meeting the needs of clients in the region .
each region will have a regional advisory council , with a large number of client representatives , which will develop these guidelines and work with the local ils office to [make sure] that it is meeting the needs of clients in the region .

In order to ensure that advocates throughout the state are linked to each other , the 4 programs developed the Indiana Justice Center in 1999 .
in order to [make sure] that advocates throughout the state are linked to each other , the 4 programs developed the indiana justice center in 1999 .

The initial planning report submitted to LSC in March 1999 ranked continuing attention to resource development as a very high priority and outlined steps to ensure continued support for legal services from filing fees , attorney registration fees , IOLTA , and other sources .
the initial planning report submitted to lsc in march 1999 ranked continuing attention to resource development as a very high priority and outlined steps to [make sure] continued support for legal services from filing fees , attorney registration fees , iolta , and other sources .

The Oregon Law Center was specifically established to ensure access for disfavored client populations and issues restricted for LSC recipients .
the oregon law center was specifically established to [make sure] access for disfavored client populations and issues restricted for lsc recipients .

The programs have cooperated on a statewide training needs assessment , and advise the Oregon State Bar on continuing legal education events for private attorneys to ensure that poverty law issues are included .
the programs have cooperated on a statewide training needs assessment , and advise the oregon state bar on continuing legal education events for private attorneys to [make sure] that poverty law issues are included .

The fundamental principles of these two documents can be summarized as follows : ( a ) legal services providers must be `` client-centered , '' i.e. , activities must be conceived and carried out in service and in concert with the populations that are being served ; ( b ) legal services providers must strive to ensure the highest and best use of all available resources within the state of Washington and available to the statewide access to justice network ; and ( c ) legal services providers have a special responsibility to ensure that no population or client group is written out of the justice system based on perceived political unacceptability or controversy .
the fundamental principles of these two documents can be summarized as follows : ( a ) legal services providers must be `` client-centered , '' i.e. , activities must be conceived and carried out in service and in concert with the populations that are being served ; ( b ) legal services providers must strive to [make sure] the highest and best use of all available resources within the state of washington and available to the statewide access to justice network ; and ( c ) legal services providers have a special responsibility to [make sure] that no population or client group is written out of the justice system based on perceived political unacceptability or controversy .

Involving a broad-based group of stakeholders in the design , supervision , or administration of the study or report has helped to ensure that partners are fully invested in its findings and the implementation of proposed solutions .
involving a broad-based group of stakeholders in the design , supervision , or administration of the study or report has helped to [make sure] that partners are fully invested in its findings and the implementation of proposed solutions .

People like yourselves who in this era of diminishing resources and escalating need have devoted time and energy to strengthening legal services and helping to make essential changes in that way we practice legal services so that we can ensure that the phrase `` justice for all '' is not relegated to a sexy slogan on a t-shirt or a banner .
people like yourselves who in this era of diminishing resources and escalating need have devoted time and energy to strengthening legal services and helping to make essential changes in that way we practice legal services so that we can [make sure] that the phrase `` justice for all '' is not relegated to a sexy slogan on a t-shirt or a banner .

By 2004 , LSC will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance , which anticipates as outcomes :
by 2004 , lsc will [make sure] that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance , which anticipates as outcomes :

USE OF PROGRAM OVERSIGHT to ensure quality and accountability .
use of program oversight to [make sure] quality and accountability .

Undertaking regular visits to programs to ensure consistent program quality and compliance .
undertaking regular visits to programs to [make sure] consistent program quality and compliance .

Working with grantees in each state to develop systems and procedures to ensure that legal services program staff receive appropriate training and that the work in each state is performed in a coordinated manner .
working with grantees in each state to develop systems and procedures to [make sure] that legal services program staff receive appropriate training and that the work in each state is performed in a coordinated manner .

Grant conditions , riders , or reporting requirements are being added to a number of grant awards to ensure continued broad-based , inclusive state planning .
grant conditions , riders , or reporting requirements are being added to a number of grant awards to [make sure] continued broad-based , inclusive state planning .

Our grantee , working with the Management Information Exchange and experts on evaluations will create a national evaluation strategy to ensure that our grants improve access for clients to the fullest extent possible .
our grantee , working with the management information exchange and experts on evaluations will create a national evaluation strategy to [make sure] that our grants improve access for clients to the fullest extent possible .

To assist programs with implementing these web sites , the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time `` circuit riders '' to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community .
to assist programs with implementing these web sites , the northwest justice project and probononet in new york are hiring two full-time `` circuit riders '' to assist grantees with content management and to [make sure] that each web site supports the entire state justice community .

Use of Program Oversight Commitment : Develop methods to assess program quality , to ensure that case handling staff are well trained and that the legal work among programs is coordinated and of high quality .
use of program oversight commitment : develop methods to assess program quality , to [make sure] that case handling staff are well trained and that the legal work among programs is coordinated and of high quality .

LSC 's competition criteria have been refined to ensure that LSC recipients respond and adhere to performance standards that result in effective legal services for low-income people .
lsc 's competition criteria have been refined to [make sure] that lsc recipients respond and adhere to performance standards that result in effective legal services for low-income people .

Applicants for LSC funds must now describe efforts underway to cultivate new leadership in their program and in the state justice community , including how they ensure that leadership is diverse .
applicants for lsc funds must now describe efforts underway to cultivate new leadership in their program and in the state justice community , including how they [make sure] that leadership is diverse .

New Jersey continued its comprehensive efforts to ensure that each legal services program in New Jersey was integrated with the others such that all providers had a `` critical mass '' of attorneys on staff , allowing for specialization .
new jersey continued its comprehensive efforts to [make sure] that each legal services program in new jersey was integrated with the others such that all providers had a `` critical mass '' of attorneys on staff , allowing for specialization .

Missouri created the Missouri Legal Services Commission to , among other tasks , ensure that all of the Missouri delivery system components work together .
missouri created the missouri legal services commission to , among other tasks , [make sure] that all of the missouri delivery system components work together .

The Legal Services Corporation expects its grantees in each state and territory to work with one another and with a broad spectrum of other equal justice stakeholders3 to develop comprehensive , integrated statewide civil legal services delivery systems which are responsive to the most compelling needs of eligible clients and client communities , ensure the highest and most strategic use of all available resources , maximize the opportunity for clients throughout the state to receive timely , effective and appropriate legal services in the present and in the future , and operate efficiently and effectively.4 1 A `` Designated State Planning Body '' is an entity that has been established and charged with responsibility for coordinating state legal services delivery planning .
the legal services corporation expects its grantees in each state and territory to work with one another and with a broad spectrum of other equal justice stakeholders3 to develop comprehensive , integrated statewide civil legal services delivery systems which are responsive to the most compelling needs of eligible clients and client communities , [make sure] the highest and most strategic use of all available resources , maximize the opportunity for clients throughout the state to receive timely , effective and appropriate legal services in the present and in the future , and operate efficiently and effectively.4 1 a `` designated state planning body '' is an entity that has been established and charged with responsibility for coordinating state legal services delivery planning .

This will ensure that there is sufficient information on the dose-response relationship .
this will [make sure] that there is sufficient information on the dose-response relationship .

Laboratory ventilation systems should be checked to ensure that return air from chemistry laboratories and/or sample handling areas is not circulated to test organism culture rooms or toxicity test rooms , or that air from toxicity test rooms does not contaminate culture areas .
laboratory ventilation systems should be checked to [make sure] that return air from chemistry laboratories and/or sample handling areas is not circulated to test organism culture rooms or toxicity test rooms , or that air from toxicity test rooms does not contaminate culture areas .

If dry ocean salts are used , care must be taken to ensure that the added salts are completely dissolved and the solution is aerated 24 h before the test organisms are placed in the solutions .
if dry ocean salts are used , care must be taken to [make sure] that the added salts are completely dissolved and the solution is aerated 24 h before the test organisms are placed in the solutions .

Laboratory ventilation systems should be checked to ensure that return air from chemistry laboratories and/or sample handling areas is not circulated to test organism culture rooms or toxicity test rooms , or that air from toxicity test rooms does not contaminate culture areas .
laboratory ventilation systems should be checked to [make sure] that return air from chemistry laboratories and/or sample handling areas is not circulated to test organism culture rooms or toxicity test rooms , or that air from toxicity test rooms does not contaminate culture areas .

Test organisms obtained from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to ensure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .
test organisms obtained from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to [make sure] that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .

If dry ocean salts are used , care must be taken to ensure that the added salts are completely dissolved and the solution is aerated 24 h before the test organisms are placed in the solutions .
if dry ocean salts are used , care must be taken to [make sure] that the added salts are completely dissolved and the solution is aerated 24 h before the test organisms are placed in the solutions .

If a heater is immersed directly into the seawater , ensure that the heater materials do not corrode or leach any substances that would contaminate the brine .
if a heater is immersed directly into the seawater , [make sure] that the heater materials do not corrode or leach any substances that would contaminate the brine .

The brine should be checked daily ( depending on the volume being generated ) to ensure that the salinity does not exceed 100‰ and that the temperature does not exceed 40°C .
the brine should be checked daily ( depending on the volume being generated ) to [make sure] that the salinity does not exceed 100‰ and that the temperature does not exceed 40°c .

Sufficient ice should be placed with the sample in the shipping container to ensure that ice will still be present when the sample arrives at the laboratory and is unpacked .
sufficient ice should be placed with the sample in the shipping container to [make sure] that ice will still be present when the sample arrives at the laboratory and is unpacked .

One of the best ways to ensure independence is to properly follow rigorous randomization procedures .
one of the best ways to [make sure] independence is to properly follow rigorous randomization procedures .

Sufficient ice should be placed with the sample in the shipping container to ensure that ice will still be present when the sample arrives at the laboratory and is unpacked .
sufficient ice should be placed with the sample in the shipping container to [make sure] that ice will still be present when the sample arrives at the laboratory and is unpacked .

This will ensure that there is sufficient information on the dose-response relationship .
this will [make sure] that there is sufficient information on the dose-response relationship .

The firm caps and the adequate lead time create a predictable climate for long-term planning and capital investment in power generation , which will ensure an adequate energy supply .
the firm caps and the adequate lead time create a predictable climate for long-term planning and capital investment in power generation , which will [make sure] an adequate energy supply .

For each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .
for each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to [make sure] that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .

The procedure is designed to ensure that the Administrator will approve those qualified projects that will result in the largest amount of sulfur dioxide emission reductions achieved per allowance awarded .
the procedure is designed to [make sure] that the administrator will approve those qualified projects that will result in the largest amount of sulfur dioxide emission reductions achieved per allowance awarded .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to [make sure] that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to [make sure] that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to [make sure] that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .

Further , as provided under Section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( C ) , States must still ensure that the construction of a new or modified affected unit will not cause or contribute to a violation of the national ambient air quality standards ( NAAQS ) or interfere with the programs to assure that the NAAQS are met .
further , as provided under section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) , states must still [make sure] that the construction of a new or modified affected unit will not cause or contribute to a violation of the national ambient air quality standards ( naaqs ) or interfere with the programs to assure that the naaqs are met .

In addition , these areas need to ensure that growth in emissions following the time of designation does not negatively affect their ability to attain the standard .
in addition , these areas need to [make sure] that growth in emissions following the time of designation does not negatively affect their ability to attain the standard .

This will ensure that there is sufficient information on the dose-response relationship .
this will [make sure] that there is sufficient information on the dose-response relationship .

Laboratory ventilation systems should be checked to ensure that return air from chemistry laboratories and/or sample holding areas is not circulated to test organism culture rooms or toxicity test rooms , or that air from toxicity test rooms does not contaminate culture areas .
laboratory ventilation systems should be checked to [make sure] that return air from chemistry laboratories and/or sample holding areas is not circulated to test organism culture rooms or toxicity test rooms , or that air from toxicity test rooms does not contaminate culture areas .

The Acid Rain Program is achieving its emission reduction goal at a fraction of the estimated costs because it allows and encourages innovative thinking and long range planning.1 The existing program establishes a cap on SO2 emissions to ensure that the environmental goal is met , and employs an innovative market-based allowance trading program to achieve the goal at lowest cost .
the acid rain program is achieving its emission reduction goal at a fraction of the estimated costs because it allows and encourages innovative thinking and long range planning.1 the existing program establishes a cap on so2 emissions to [make sure] that the environmental goal is met , and employs an innovative market-based allowance trading program to achieve the goal at lowest cost .

To ensure that the cap is met and to provide credibility , sources also are required to install systems that continuously monitor and report emissions .
to [make sure] that the cap is met and to provide credibility , sources also are required to install systems that continuously monitor and report emissions .

We believe there is a better way , one that could cost American consumers and industry far less than under current law and ensure protection of the air we breathe in a far more certain , straightforward manner .
we believe there is a better way , one that could cost american consumers and industry far less than under current law and [make sure] protection of the air we breathe in a far more certain , straightforward manner .

Caps ensure that environmental goals are met .
caps [make sure] that environmental goals are met .

These principles are structured to ensure consistency with the NEP objectives .
these principles are structured to [make sure] consistency with the nep objectives .

The goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative , cost-effective environmental technologies ; develop scientific and engineering information needed by EPA to support regulatory and policy decisions ; and provide technical support and information transfer to ensure effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies .
the goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative , cost-effective environmental technologies ; develop scientific and engineering information needed by epa to support regulatory and policy decisions ; and provide technical support and information transfer to [make sure] effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies .

For attainment areas , to prevent significant deterioration of our nation 's air quality , new major sources and major modifications to existing sources must apply the best available control technology and ensure that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality , such as in pristine areas like national parks .
for attainment areas , to prevent significant deterioration of our nation 's air quality , new major sources and major modifications to existing sources must apply the best available control technology and [make sure] that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality , such as in pristine areas like national parks .

This assumption is made to ensure proper calculation of the ozone statistic used in the exposure-response functions .
this assumption is made to [make sure] proper calculation of the ozone statistic used in the exposure-response functions .

Such regulations may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
such regulations may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will [make sure] the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

The Administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
the administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will [make sure] the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

The Administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .
the administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to [make sure] the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .

Congress would no longer set postal rates , but it wanted to ensure that the public had an opportunity to be heard before the Postal Service changed rates or services .
congress would no longer set postal rates , but it wanted to [make sure] that the public had an opportunity to be heard before the postal service changed rates or services .

Thus , it might be argued that a monopoly is necessary to ensure service to those households .
thus , it might be argued that a monopoly is necessary to [make sure] service to those households .

Generators had to be shut down to ensure safety , and elevators stopped .
generators had to be shut down to [make sure] safety , and elevators stopped .

In addition , an OEM field responder would be sent to the scene to ensure that the response was coordinated .
in addition , an oem field responder would be sent to the scene to [make sure] that the response was coordinated .

Firefighters periodically stopped on particular floors and searched to ensure that no civilians were still on it .
firefighters periodically stopped on particular floors and searched to [make sure] that no civilians were still on it .

The chief on the 23rd floor apparently aggressively took charge to ensure that all firefighters on the floors in the immediate area were evacuating .
the chief on the 23rd floor apparently aggressively took charge to [make sure] that all firefighters on the floors in the immediate area were evacuating .

The ESU team on the 31st floor conferred with the FDNY personnel there to ensure that they , too , knew that they had to evacuate , then proceeded down stairwell B .
the esu team on the 31st floor conferred with the fdny personnel there to [make sure] that they , too , knew that they had to evacuate , then proceeded down stairwell b .

Indeed , at the time preparations were under way at many of these agencies to ensure public safety at the annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank scheduled to be held later that month in Washington , D.C .
indeed , at the time preparations were under way at many of these agencies to [make sure] public safety at the annual meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank scheduled to be held later that month in washington , d.c .

The 9/11 crisis tested the U.S. government 's plans and capabilities to ensure the continuity of constitutional government and the continuity of government operations .
the 9/11 crisis tested the u.s. government 's plans and capabilities to [make sure] the continuity of constitutional government and the continuity of government operations .

Thus , the FBI must not only continue to bring on board more linguists , it must also continue to take advantage of technology and best practices to prioritize its workflow , enhance its capabilities , and ensure compliance with its quality control program .
thus , the fbi must not only continue to bring on board more linguists , it must also continue to take advantage of technology and best practices to prioritize its workflow , enhance its capabilities , and [make sure] compliance with its quality control program .

After the Watergate era , Congress established oversight committees to ensure that the CIA did not undertake covert action contrary to basic American law .
after the watergate era , congress established oversight committees to [make sure] that the cia did not undertake covert action contrary to basic american law .

The first President Bush had authorized the use of U.S. military forces to ensure humanitarian relief in war-torn Somalia .
the first president bush had authorized the use of u.s. military forces to [make sure] humanitarian relief in war-torn somalia .

We must act together , or unilaterally , if necessary to ensure that terrorists have no sanctuary-anywhere . ''
we must act together , or unilaterally , if necessary to [make sure] that terrorists have no sanctuary-anywhere . ''

The president is required by law to ensure the congressional Intelligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the United States .
the president is required by law to [make sure] the congressional intelligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the united states .

Shelton told President Clinton he would go forward with `` boots on the ground '' if the President ordered him to do so ; however , he had to ensure that the President was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military operation .
shelton told president clinton he would go forward with `` boots on the ground '' if the president ordered him to do so ; however , he had to [make sure] that the president was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military operation .

The President also tasked Rumsfeld to ensure that robust measures to protect American military forces against terrorist attack were implemented worldwide .
the president also tasked rumsfeld to [make sure] that robust measures to protect american military forces against terrorist attack were implemented worldwide .

Far we have mentioned two reasons for joint action-the virtue of joint planning and the advantage of having someone in charge to ensure a unified effort .
far we have mentioned two reasons for joint action-the virtue of joint planning and the advantage of having someone in charge to [make sure] a unified effort .

We want to ensure that the Bureau 's shift to a preventive counterterrorism posture is more fully institutionalized so that it survives beyond Director Mueller 's tenure .
we want to [make sure] that the bureau 's shift to a preventive counterterrorism posture is more fully institutionalized so that it survives beyond director mueller 's tenure .

We want to ensure that this does not happen again .
we want to [make sure] that this does not happen again .

Recommendation : A specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the FBI consisting of agents , analysts , linguists , and surveillance specialists who are recruited , trained , rewarded , and retained to ensure the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security .
recommendation : a specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the fbi consisting of agents , analysts , linguists , and surveillance specialists who are recruited , trained , rewarded , and retained to [make sure] the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security .

This individual would have management oversight and ensure that the national priorities are carried out in the field .
this individual would have management oversight and [make sure] that the national priorities are carried out in the field .

The FBI should align its budget structure according to its four main programs-intelligence , counterterrorism and counterintelligence , criminal , and criminal justice services-to ensure better transparency on program costs , management of resources , and protection of the intelligence program .
the fbi should align its budget structure according to its four main programs-intelligence , counterterrorism and counterintelligence , criminal , and criminal justice services-to [make sure] better transparency on program costs , management of resources , and protection of the intelligence program .

Congress should ensure that analysts are afforded training and career opportunities on a par with those offered analysts in other intelligence community agencies .
congress should [make sure] that analysts are afforded training and career opportunities on a par with those offered analysts in other intelligence community agencies .

The secretary of homeland security must ensure that these components work with the Information Analysis and Infrastructure Protection Directorate so that this office can perform its mission .
the secretary of homeland security must [make sure] that these components work with the information analysis and infrastructure protection directorate so that this office can perform its mission .

Neither this designation nor UN sanctions had much additional practical effect ; the sanctions were easily circumvented , and there were no multilateral mechanisms to ensure that other countries ' financial systems were not used as conduits for terrorist funding .
neither this designation nor un sanctions had much additional practical effect ; the sanctions were easily circumvented , and there were no multilateral mechanisms to [make sure] that other countries ' financial systems were not used as conduits for terrorist funding .

Noncompliance would mean U.S. `` force directed at the Taliban itself `` and U.S. efforts to ensure that the Taliban would never defeat the Northern Alliance .
noncompliance would mean u.s. `` force directed at the taliban itself `` and u.s. efforts to [make sure] that the taliban would never defeat the northern alliance .

At the end of 1979 , the Soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would remain securely under Moscow 's influence .
at the end of 1979 , the soviet government sent in military units to [make sure] that the country would remain securely under moscow 's influence .

Most importantly , in March 2000 , Motassadeq paid Shehhi 's semester fees at the university , to ensure Shehhi 's continued receipt of scholarship payments from the UAE .
most importantly , in march 2000 , motassadeq paid shehhi 's semester fees at the university , to [make sure] shehhi 's continued receipt of scholarship payments from the uae .

One provision from PDD-62 not updated and reiterated in 2000 was a directive to CIA to ensure that names ( and aliases ) of terrorists were collected and disseminated to State , INS , and the FBI in a timely way , so that the border agencies could place them on a watchlist and the FBI could identify them in the United States .
one provision from pdd-62 not updated and reiterated in 2000 was a directive to cia to [make sure] that names ( and aliases ) of terrorists were collected and disseminated to state , ins , and the fbi in a timely way , so that the border agencies could place them on a watchlist and the fbi could identify them in the united states .

In May 2001 , Ashcroft altered the FISA application process to ensure greater accuracy .
in may 2001 , ashcroft altered the fisa application process to [make sure] greater accuracy .

The United States can promote moderation , but can not ensure its ascendancy .
the united states can promote moderation , but can not [make sure] its ascendancy .

Updates of database information and other checks can ensure ongoing reliability .
updates of database information and other checks can [make sure] ongoing reliability .

We should also work with other countries to ensure effective inspection regimes at all airports .
we should also work with other countries to [make sure] effective inspection regimes at all airports .

At many entry points to vulnerable facilities , including gates for boarding aircraft , sources of identification are the last opportunity to ensure that people are who they say they are and to check whether they are terrorists .
at many entry points to vulnerable facilities , including gates for boarding aircraft , sources of identification are the last opportunity to [make sure] that people are who they say they are and to check whether they are terrorists .

Recommendation : The burden of proof for retaining a particular governmental power should be on the executive , to explain ( a ) that the power actually materially enhances security and ( b ) that there is adequate supervision of the executive 's use of the powers to ensure protection of civil liberties .
recommendation : the burden of proof for retaining a particular governmental power should be on the executive , to explain ( a ) that the power actually materially enhances security and ( b ) that there is adequate supervision of the executive 's use of the powers to [make sure] protection of civil liberties .

Third , during the course of our inquiry , we were told that there is no office within the government whose job it is to look across the government at the actions we are taking to protect ourselves to ensure that liberty concerns are appropriately considered .
third , during the course of our inquiry , we were told that there is no office within the government whose job it is to look across the government at the actions we are taking to protect ourselves to [make sure] that liberty concerns are appropriately considered .

Key decisionmakers who are represented at the incident command level help to ensure an effective response , the efficient use of resources , and responder safety .
key decisionmakers who are represented at the incident command level help to [make sure] an effective response , the efficient use of resources , and responder safety .

Furthermore , high-risk urban areas such as New York City and Washington , D.C. , should establish signal corps units to ensure communications connectivity between and among civilian authorities , local first responders , and the National Guard .
furthermore , high-risk urban areas such as new york city and washington , d.c. , should establish signal corps units to [make sure] communications connectivity between and among civilian authorities , local first responders , and the national guard .

Private-Sector Preparedness The mandate of the Department of Homeland Security does not end with government ; the department is also responsible for working with the private sector to ensure preparedness .
private-sector preparedness the mandate of the department of homeland security does not end with government ; the department is also responsible for working with the private sector to [make sure] preparedness .

Indeed , the major message of the von Dassow article was that the authors had uncovered a “ robust developmental module , ” which could ensure the formation of an appropriate pattern even across distantly related insect species whose earliest steps of embryogenesis are quite different from one another ( von Dassow et al .
indeed , the major message of the von dassow article was that the authors had uncovered a “ robust developmental module , ” which could [make sure] the formation of an appropriate pattern even across distantly related insect species whose earliest steps of embryogenesis are quite different from one another ( von dassow et al .

Stratification was based on risk for sleep-disordered breathing ( SDB ) , with an oversampling of habitual snorers to ensure an adequate distribution of SDB .
stratification was based on risk for sleep-disordered breathing ( sdb ) , with an oversampling of habitual snorers to [make sure] an adequate distribution of sdb .

The need for grant funding to launch any such initiative has to be accompanied by a sound business plan to ensure long-term economic viability .
the need for grant funding to launch any such initiative has to be accompanied by a sound business plan to [make sure] long-term economic viability .

A blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” These drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” The scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” This practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” If a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .
a blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” these drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” the scientist said that , “ to [make sure] that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” this practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” if a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .

Some oversight might be necessary to ensure that the taxpaying public has been granted the fullest possible access and that unwarranted redaction does not occur .
some oversight might be necessary to [make sure] that the taxpaying public has been granted the fullest possible access and that unwarranted redaction does not occur .

In addition , partnerships need to be brokered with national programs in Africa to ensure that the new capacity can be sustained over time .
in addition , partnerships need to be brokered with national programs in africa to [make sure] that the new capacity can be sustained over time .

Specifically , we determine the optimal allocation strategy that would ensure that each individual with HIV has an equal chance of receiving ARVs .
specifically , we determine the optimal allocation strategy that would [make sure] that each individual with hiv has an equal chance of receiving arvs .

We developed an equity objective function to assess how the limited supply of ARVs should be allocated to each HCF to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .
we developed an equity objective function to assess how the limited supply of arvs should be allocated to each hcf to [make sure] that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .

To obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are A ARV regimes for a total of individuals with HIV , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes Our goal is to minimize E , by solving for the number of ARVs to be allocated to each HCF ( S 1 , S 2 , … , S n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of ARVs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all HCFs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of ARVs are allocated to each HCF ( S j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with HIV in the community ( T i ≤ I i , i = 1… m ) .
to obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are a arv regimes for a total of individuals with hiv , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes our goal is to minimize e , by solving for the number of arvs to be allocated to each hcf ( s 1 , s 2 , … , s n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) [make sure] that the total number of arvs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all hcfs , ( ii ) [make sure] that only a positive number of arvs are allocated to each hcf ( s j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) [make sure] that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with hiv in the community ( t i ≤ i i , i = 1… m ) .

The clinician must carry out the discussion in layperson 's terms , assess the patient 's understanding along the way , and ensure that the patient understands the information and consents to it voluntarily [ 19 ] .
the clinician must carry out the discussion in layperson 's terms , assess the patient 's understanding along the way , and [make sure] that the patient understands the information and consents to it voluntarily [ 19 ] .

An immediate investment to ensure the education of all existing clinical staff about HIV/AIDS , including modes of transmission , universal precautions , and the rights of PLWA would likely reduce the number of discriminatory practices towards PLWA and may improve these patients ' care and access to health services .
an immediate investment to [make sure] the education of all existing clinical staff about hiv/aids , including modes of transmission , universal precautions , and the rights of plwa would likely reduce the number of discriminatory practices towards plwa and may improve these patients ' care and access to health services .

The findings of this study suggest that , in order to fulfill its obligations , the government of Nigeria should continue to address gaps in policy and legislation and work together with the international community to ensure that health professionals receive the training , protective materials , and medications they need to treat PLWA .
the findings of this study suggest that , in order to fulfill its obligations , the government of nigeria should continue to address gaps in policy and legislation and work together with the international community to [make sure] that health professionals receive the training , protective materials , and medications they need to treat plwa .

Despite efforts to ensure privacy during interviews , the lack of privacy , or concern about job status , may have resulted in an underreporting of discriminatory behavior and/or an overreporting of “ correct ” practices or attitudes .
despite efforts to [make sure] privacy during interviews , the lack of privacy , or concern about job status , may have resulted in an underreporting of discriminatory behavior and/or an overreporting of “ correct ” practices or attitudes .

Such analyses need to be taxonomically broad and need to extend beyond the focal geographic region to ensure that potential sister taxa are evaluated and can be discriminated .
such analyses need to be taxonomically broad and need to extend beyond the focal geographic region to [make sure] that potential sister taxa are evaluated and can be discriminated .

Outreach efforts to include surgeons in a variety of study sections should be made to ensure that important insights into the pathophysiology and treatment of disease , with which surgeons are concerned on a daily basis , are not overlooked .
outreach efforts to include surgeons in a variety of study sections should be made to [make sure] that important insights into the pathophysiology and treatment of disease , with which surgeons are concerned on a daily basis , are not overlooked .

These efforts may help ensure that surgical research is a vital part of the future of medicine and that it leads to the kind of high-quality work that shapes and remodels the face of medicine .
these efforts may help [make sure] that surgical research is a vital part of the future of medicine and that it leads to the kind of high-quality work that shapes and remodels the face of medicine .

Organisations competing for prizes might be expected to behave secretly to ensure that they are the ones to obtain ‘ credit ’ for the fruits of their work .
organisations competing for prizes might be expected to behave secretly to [make sure] that they are the ones to obtain ‘ credit ’ for the fruits of their work .

Competitive Intermediators An R & D contribution norm , established by treaty , would ensure that the amount of money being spent on R & D is maintained .
competitive intermediators an r & d contribution norm , established by treaty , would [make sure] that the amount of money being spent on r & d is maintained .

We can raise global R & D levels as a matter of policy and ensure that resources flow into the areas of the greatest need , and we can do so knowing that the poor and the rich will have access to new inventions at marginal cost .
we can raise global r & d levels as a matter of policy and [make sure] that resources flow into the areas of the greatest need , and we can do so knowing that the poor and the rich will have access to new inventions at marginal cost .

As protection usually does n't extend to different serotypes , vaccination with capsule components from different serotypes is necessary to ensure broad protection .
as protection usually does n't extend to different serotypes , vaccination with capsule components from different serotypes is necessary to [make sure] broad protection .

Both advocacy groups and government programs have started to bring together neuroscience and genetics experts , clinicians , and families to sharpen the focus of studies and ensure progress in what has often been a messy field .
both advocacy groups and government programs have started to bring together neuroscience and genetics experts , clinicians , and families to sharpen the focus of studies and [make sure] progress in what has often been a messy field .

Here is a case where a modest infusion of funds could greatly enhance our ability to annotate both existing and new genome sequences and ensure that our current investments in genomic sequences yield the richest biological harvest possible .
here is a case where a modest infusion of funds could greatly enhance our ability to annotate both existing and new genome sequences and [make sure] that our current investments in genomic sequences yield the richest biological harvest possible .

It can be tricky for the celebrity to ensure that all product messages are delivered…. ’ Her other big tip for drug-makers is to rate your prospective celebrity with a ‘ Q score ’ , a measure of their likeability and recognisability with the public .
it can be tricky for the celebrity to [make sure] that all product messages are delivered…. ’ her other big tip for drug-makers is to rate your prospective celebrity with a ‘ q score ’ , a measure of their likeability and recognisability with the public .

The transition from aerobic to anaerobic metabolism during intense work requires that several systems are rapidly activated to ensure a constant supply of ATP for the working muscles .
the transition from aerobic to anaerobic metabolism during intense work requires that several systems are rapidly activated to [make sure] a constant supply of atp for the working muscles .

Such approaches reduce authors ' reliance on individual grants to support charges directly and ensure equal access to publishing options that require such payments .
such approaches reduce authors ' reliance on individual grants to support charges directly and [make sure] equal access to publishing options that require such payments .

To ensure that this happens , PLoS has a firewall in place such that neither the editors nor the reviewers know which authors have indicated whether or not they can pay .
to [make sure] that this happens , plos has a firewall in place such that neither the editors nor the reviewers know which authors have indicated whether or not they can pay .

In both cases , funding open access is an effective way to fulfill mandates for public access to and accountability over scientific research and to ensure that all worthy research is published .
in both cases , funding open access is an effective way to fulfill mandates for public access to and accountability over scientific research and to [make sure] that all worthy research is published .

Universities or their public funding agencies should ensure private sponsors can not block research they do not like .
universities or their public funding agencies should [make sure] private sponsors can not block research they do not like .

In addition to individual studies , editors should ( and at PLoS Medicine we do ) ensure there is a place for articles that synthesize evidence from different sources .
in addition to individual studies , editors should ( and at plos medicine we do ) [make sure] there is a place for articles that synthesize evidence from different sources .

He emphasises the need to continually review the evidence underpinning risk assessments , to communicate effectively with the media , to ensure that actions to manage risks are effectively implemented and audited .
he emphasises the need to continually review the evidence underpinning risk assessments , to communicate effectively with the media , to [make sure] that actions to manage risks are effectively implemented and audited .

Pace ( 2001 ) has argued that alien biochemistry will turn out to be the same as biochemistry on Earth , because there is one best way to do things and that natural selection will ensure that life everywhere discovers that way .
pace ( 2001 ) has argued that alien biochemistry will turn out to be the same as biochemistry on earth , because there is one best way to do things and that natural selection will [make sure] that life everywhere discovers that way .

In addition , to increase resources , intensified commitment is required to ensure every opportunity is taken to integrate prevention and treatment .
in addition , to increase resources , intensified commitment is required to [make sure] every opportunity is taken to integrate prevention and treatment .

We must focus on the development of training , monitoring , and quality assurance systems that ensure that prevention and care are integrated whenever possible .
we must focus on the development of training , monitoring , and quality assurance systems that [make sure] that prevention and care are integrated whenever possible .

The title of the article , “ A Compendium to Ensure Reproducibility in High-Dimensional Classification Tasks , ” may not lend itself easily to a clinical audience , but the underlying message to clinicians could not be more important : that , currently , studies involving large datasets , especially ones that have a clinical outcome , are so poorly reported ( or possibly so poorly done ) that many are not reproducible .
the title of the article , “ a compendium to [make sure] reproducibility in high-dimensional classification tasks , ” may not lend itself easily to a clinical audience , but the underlying message to clinicians could not be more important : that , currently , studies involving large datasets , especially ones that have a clinical outcome , are so poorly reported ( or possibly so poorly done ) that many are not reproducible .

In 1994 ( BMJ 308 : 283–284 ) , Doug Altman , who was instrumental in developing the CONSORT guidelines for reporting of clinical trials , said that “ huge sums of money are spent annually on research that is seriously flawed through the use of inappropriate designs , unrepresentative samples , small samples , incorrect methods of analysis , and faulty interpretation , ” and “ that quality control needs to be built in from the start rather than the failures being discarded. ” How can we ensure that the wealth of data pouring out of microarray and other molecular diagnostic studies is turned into meaningful knowledge ?
in 1994 ( bmj 308 : 283–284 ) , doug altman , who was instrumental in developing the consort guidelines for reporting of clinical trials , said that “ huge sums of money are spent annually on research that is seriously flawed through the use of inappropriate designs , unrepresentative samples , small samples , incorrect methods of analysis , and faulty interpretation , ” and “ that quality control needs to be built in from the start rather than the failures being discarded. ” how can we [make sure] that the wealth of data pouring out of microarray and other molecular diagnostic studies is turned into meaningful knowledge ?

In order to ensure that investigators are honest with potential research volunteers , the system of institutional review boards ( IRBs ) evolved .
in order to [make sure] that investigators are honest with potential research volunteers , the system of institutional review boards ( irbs ) evolved .

The institution needs to assure the presence of an independent data safety monitoring board , thorough audits of good clinical practice , and a publications committee that will ensure submission of all meaningful study results , whether positive , negative , or neutral .
the institution needs to assure the presence of an independent data safety monitoring board , thorough audits of good clinical practice , and a publications committee that will [make sure] submission of all meaningful study results , whether positive , negative , or neutral .

All organisms have mechanisms to ensure that dividing cells produce new cells with the proper number of chromosomes .
all organisms have mechanisms to [make sure] that dividing cells produce new cells with the proper number of chromosomes .

Measures should be taken to ensure that their views and approaches , even if deemed unconventional , are not stifled by the newly established system .
measures should be taken to [make sure] that their views and approaches , even if deemed unconventional , are not stifled by the newly established system .

Nor are pesticide manufacturers obligated to supply basic premarket toxicity and exposure data necessary to ensure that children will be protected from exposure and potential harm from use of those pesticides .
nor are pesticide manufacturers obligated to supply basic premarket toxicity and exposure data necessary to [make sure] that children will be protected from exposure and potential harm from use of those pesticides .

Indeed , there is compelling evidence from epidemiologic studies of widespread contaminants such as lead , tobacco , and PCBs that human studies are essential to ensure that children are not harmed by low levels of exposure [ 11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22 , 23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35 , 36,37,38,39,40 ] .
indeed , there is compelling evidence from epidemiologic studies of widespread contaminants such as lead , tobacco , and pcbs that human studies are essential to [make sure] that children are not harmed by low levels of exposure [ 11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22 , 23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35 , 36,37,38,39,40 ] .

Children would be followed , when indicated , to ensure that an excess of neurobehavioral problems or other relevant outcomes did not develop among those whose homes were assigned to receive the pesticide application .
children would be followed , when indicated , to [make sure] that an excess of neurobehavioral problems or other relevant outcomes did not develop among those whose homes were assigned to receive the pesticide application .

A universal , single-payer , publicly funded and publicly administered program of social insurance would ensure access to affordable , comprehensive , high-quality health care for all .
a universal , single-payer , publicly funded and publicly administered program of social insurance would [make sure] access to affordable , comprehensive , high-quality health care for all .

All mutant clones were fully re-sequenced bidirectionally to ensure that no additional mutations were introduced .
all mutant clones were fully re-sequenced bidirectionally to [make sure] that no additional mutations were introduced .

Bringing the entire world of learners into a global conversation should be accompanied by a shift in editorial priorities to ensure that medical journals inform practice in a way that offers the greatest benefits to those suffering the greatest burdens .
bringing the entire world of learners into a global conversation should be accompanied by a shift in editorial priorities to [make sure] that medical journals inform practice in a way that offers the greatest benefits to those suffering the greatest burdens .

They stated that “ Wilson and Blower developed a mathematical model that could inform policy-makers ' decisions regarding the optimal distribution of treatment sites to ensure equal access by all individuals infected with HIV. ” However , our model does not determine the optimal distribution of treatment sites .
they stated that “ wilson and blower developed a mathematical model that could inform policy-makers ' decisions regarding the optimal distribution of treatment sites to [make sure] equal access by all individuals infected with hiv. ” however , our model does not determine the optimal distribution of treatment sites .

As we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( HCFs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
as we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( hcfs ) if the objective is to [make sure] treatment equity .

However , Capron and Reis [ 2 ] did not discuss our actual results : we determined how to decide how many drugs to allocate to each of the available HCFs in order to achieve an optimal allocation if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
however , capron and reis [ 2 ] did not discuss our actual results : we determined how to decide how many drugs to allocate to each of the available hcfs in order to achieve an optimal allocation if the objective is to [make sure] treatment equity .

With the arrival of the community journals , we are providing a greater range of open-access venues for researchers who wish to ensure that anyone can read , use , and build on their work .
with the arrival of the community journals , we are providing a greater range of open-access venues for researchers who wish to [make sure] that anyone can read , use , and build on their work .

In the hands of an already successful scholar , the `` extras '' that endowments provide ensure continued success - for the scholar and the school .
in the hands of an already successful scholar , the `` extras '' that endowments provide [make sure] continued success - for the scholar and the school .

It 's clear that if we do n't increase our base of private funding , we wo n't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer .
it 's clear that if we do n't increase our base of private funding , we wo n't have the kind of control we need to [make sure] the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer .

Your gift and mine will help to ensure that the Indianapolis Zoological Society continues to provide excellent programs , activities and facilities that contribute to the quality of life in this community .
your gift and mine will help to [make sure] that the indianapolis zoological society continues to provide excellent programs , activities and facilities that contribute to the quality of life in this community .

Purdue : Vision 21 seeks to raise $ 250 million in private support to ensure that students of the future will receive an education unsurpassed .
purdue : vision 21 seeks to raise $ 250 million in private support to [make sure] that students of the future will receive an education unsurpassed .

Knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- ensure that your gift is spent wisely and that 88 PERCENT OF FUNDS RAISED GO TO HELP PEOPLE IN NEED RIGHT HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA .
knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- [make sure] that your gift is spent wisely and that 88 percent of funds raised go to help people in need right here in central indiana .

Pound services ensure that lost pets have a clean and safe place to stay and be cared for until their owners can be located .
pound services [make sure] that lost pets have a clean and safe place to stay and be cared for until their owners can be located .

Your dues directly support active and vital programs to protect wildlife and habitat , and help ensure a healthier environment .
your dues directly support active and vital programs to protect wildlife and habitat , and help [make sure] a healthier environment .

A gift to the 1997 Girl Scout Annual Campaign helps to ensure that girls will continue to receive the benefits that Girl Scouting offers .
a gift to the 1997 girl scout annual campaign helps to [make sure] that girls will continue to receive the benefits that girl scouting offers .

Ensure the future of tomorrow 's leaders .
[make sure] the future of tomorrow 's leaders .

We are proud of all that was accomplished in 1998 , but we still have $ 120,000 to raise in order to meet this year 's annual operating goal and to ensure programs and special exhibitions already scheduled for 1999 .
we are proud of all that was accomplished in 1998 , but we still have $ 120,000 to raise in order to meet this year 's annual operating goal and to [make sure] programs and special exhibitions already scheduled for 1999 .

Will you make a financial gift to Big Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the guidance they need , that more young people stay in school , stay off drugs and make good choices ?
will you make a financial gift to big sisters in 1999 that will [make sure] that more young people receive the guidance they need , that more young people stay in school , stay off drugs and make good choices ?

In our community , there is a partnership that pulls together every year to meet urgent needs , and helps ensure that central Indiana continues to be a good place to live , work and do business - the partnership between businesses like yours , United Way of Central Indiana , and its family of 82 human service agencies .
in our community , there is a partnership that pulls together every year to meet urgent needs , and helps [make sure] that central indiana continues to be a good place to live , work and do business - the partnership between businesses like yours , united way of central indiana , and its family of 82 human service agencies .

Your annual gift directly funds the council services that ensure girls and volunteers will continue to benefit from the quality programming of Hoosier capital .
your annual gift directly funds the council services that [make sure] girls and volunteers will continue to benefit from the quality programming of hoosier capital .

To ensure Habitat 's worldwide building efforts , I enclose my tax-deductible contribution of : * $ 20 $ 30 $ 40 Other $ * PLEASE TRY TO CONTRIBUTE THIS AMOUNT OR MORE IF YOU CAN .
to [make sure] habitat 's worldwide building efforts , i enclose my tax-deductible contribution of : * $ 20 $ 30 $ 40 other $ * please try to contribute this amount or more if you can .

As advocates throughout the community devoting your time , talent , and resources , you help ensure the IMA 's success in realizing its new vision to join the ranks of the top tier of American museums .
as advocates throughout the community devoting your time , talent , and resources , you help [make sure] the ima 's success in realizing its new vision to join the ranks of the top tier of american museums .

Your gift to the 1997 Girl Scout Annual Campaign can ensure that even more girls will receive the benefits that Girl Scouting has to offer .
your gift to the 1997 girl scout annual campaign can [make sure] that even more girls will receive the benefits that girl scouting has to offer .

It will take the very best from all of us to ensure that her future shines as brightly as has her past .
it will take the very best from all of us to [make sure] that her future shines as brightly as has her past .

Wackiest detail reported by the Times : `` Because Long 's doctor deemed such a move 'risky , ' state officials used an airplane staffed by medical personnel to ensure that he arrived in good health after the 25-minute trip . ''
wackiest detail reported by the times : `` because long 's doctor deemed such a move 'risky , ' state officials used an airplane staffed by medical personnel to [make sure] that he arrived in good health after the 25-minute trip . ''

USA Today leads with a new outside study blaming government and industry for failing to sufficiently ensure the Y2K-compliance of the nation 's drinking water and sewage systems .
usa today leads with a new outside study blaming government and industry for failing to sufficiently [make sure] the y2k-compliance of the nation 's drinking water and sewage systems .

Another subpoena will probably go to Clinton himself , requiring that he ensure that Reno comply with the committee 's request .
another subpoena will probably go to clinton himself , requiring that he [make sure] that reno comply with the committee 's request .

A Wall Street Journal front-page feature explores a worrisome unintended consequence of the pesticide strictures in the food safety law passed two years ago : to ensure compliance , some top pesticide manufacturers have resumed testing their products on people , a practice that , although legal , they 'd abandoned in the early 1980s .
a wall street journal front-page feature explores a worrisome unintended consequence of the pesticide strictures in the food safety law passed two years ago : to [make sure] compliance , some top pesticide manufacturers have resumed testing their products on people , a practice that , although legal , they 'd abandoned in the early 1980s .

When Russert asked Gore and Bradley what steps they would consider to ensure long-term solvency for Social Security and Medicare , both candidates tried to rule out the option of raising the retirement age .
when russert asked gore and bradley what steps they would consider to [make sure] long-term solvency for social security and medicare , both candidates tried to rule out the option of raising the retirement age .

DeLay mobilized his whip organization to ensure his deputy 's election as speaker , and Democratic members are already wondering if Coach will be The Hammer 's tool .
delay mobilized his whip organization to [make sure] his deputy 's election as speaker , and democratic members are already wondering if coach will be the hammer 's tool .

Investmentmeister Warren Buffett persuaded Sen. Bob Kerrey to up the limit on how many bequeathed publicly traded shares a private foundation can own in a single company , while Rep. Jennifer Dunn worked on behalf of retail outlets to ensure that their incentives to build in shopping malls would n't be taxed heavily .
investmentmeister warren buffett persuaded sen. bob kerrey to up the limit on how many bequeathed publicly traded shares a private foundation can own in a single company , while rep. jennifer dunn worked on behalf of retail outlets to [make sure] that their incentives to build in shopping malls would n't be taxed heavily .

That prohibitions on establishing religion ensure free exercise is such a simple concept , and yet it 's so widely ignored .
that prohibitions on establishing religion [make sure] free exercise is such a simple concept , and yet it 's so widely ignored .

The perpetual quoting of Clinton 's high job approval ratings helps ensure that his job approval remains high .
the perpetual quoting of clinton 's high job approval ratings helps [make sure] that his job approval remains high .

Jews are now successful people who want to move the levers of the system ( levers whose location we 're quite familiar with ) so as to ensure that our children will be as successful as we are .
jews are now successful people who want to move the levers of the system ( levers whose location we 're quite familiar with ) so as to [make sure] that our children will be as successful as we are .

Other devices ensure that USA Today 's editors keep the focus on the exact community the paper covered : the USA To Neuharth , that meant the USA , not `` America . ''
other devices [make sure] that usa today 's editors keep the focus on the exact community the paper covered : the usa to neuharth , that meant the usa , not `` america . ''

Swarming female locusts can also manipulate the genes in their eggs to ensure that their young will want to join the swarm immediately .
swarming female locusts can also manipulate the genes in their eggs to [make sure] that their young will want to join the swarm immediately .

Like the GOP , they exhibit no shyness about raising and spending record amounts of cash to ensure victory .
like the gop , they exhibit no shyness about raising and spending record amounts of cash to [make sure] victory .

It said his main task -- in addition to improving military capabilities and technology in Europe `` so that all members , not just the bigger ones , can play their full parts in operations such as Kosovo '' -- was to ensure that NATO `` continues to function as one , unified alliance . ''
it said his main task -- in addition to improving military capabilities and technology in europe `` so that all members , not just the bigger ones , can play their full parts in operations such as kosovo '' -- was to [make sure] that nato `` continues to function as one , unified alliance . ''

The precedent had been set with the 1968 Supreme Court decision Green vs. County School Board of New Kent County , Va. , in which the court ruled school boards had an `` affirmative duty '' to ensure `` racial discrimination would be eliminated root and branch . ''
the precedent had been set with the 1968 supreme court decision green vs. county school board of new kent county , va. , in which the court ruled school boards had an `` affirmative duty '' to [make sure] `` racial discrimination would be eliminated root and branch . ''

The authorities plan to introduce the stringent safeguards to ensure that pig viruses do not spread to humans , the paper said .
the authorities plan to introduce the stringent safeguards to [make sure] that pig viruses do not spread to humans , the paper said .

More resources for economic development and alternative crops are the only way to quell guerrilla violence , ensure political stability , and cut drug production .
more resources for economic development and alternative crops are the only way to quell guerrilla violence , [make sure] political stability , and cut drug production .

The International Herald Tribune maintains that the selection was a deliberate effort to ensure that Singapore 's head of state would come from one of its non-Chinese minorities .
the international herald tribune maintains that the selection was a deliberate effort to [make sure] that singapore 's head of state would come from one of its non-chinese minorities .

On Wednesday , the Xinhua news agency described a step China has taken to ensure `` social stability and safety '' during their big 50 Years of Revolutionary Rule celebration set for Oct. 1 .
on wednesday , the xinhua news agency described a step china has taken to [make sure] `` social stability and safety '' during their big 50 years of revolutionary rule celebration set for oct. 1 .

Gaia theorists , who contend that the planet is a superorganism in which creatures unconsciously regulate the atmosphere in order to ensure favorable conditions for life , also believe Mother Nature is on the warpath .
gaia theorists , who contend that the planet is a superorganism in which creatures unconsciously regulate the atmosphere in order to [make sure] favorable conditions for life , also believe mother nature is on the warpath .

On Wednesday , the Xinhua news agency described a step China has taken to ensure `` social stability and safety '' during their big 50 Years of Revolutionary Rule celebration set for Oct. 1 ?
on wednesday , the xinhua news agency described a step china has taken to [make sure] `` social stability and safety '' during their big 50 years of revolutionary rule celebration set for oct. 1 ?

Either obtain your programs from trustworthy sources , or ensure that the programs behave .
either obtain your programs from trustworthy sources , or [make sure] that the programs behave .

The agency ca n't really ensure their client 's behavior , but you would know that it had done its very best to choose only well-behaved children .
the agency ca n't really [make sure] their client 's behavior , but you would know that it had done its very best to choose only well-behaved children .

Thompson recently came up with $ 25 million more for `` affordable quality child care '' as welfare mothers head to work -- $ 20 million to ensure that the working poor are n't edged out of the subsidized care they count on , and $ 5 million to increase the supply and quality of overall care .
thompson recently came up with $ 25 million more for `` affordable quality child care '' as welfare mothers head to work -- $ 20 million to [make sure] that the working poor are n't edged out of the subsidized care they count on , and $ 5 million to increase the supply and quality of overall care .

Yet if these factors play some role , and I am sure they do , whatever means we try to get to equal opportunity -- and we should use all of them , in principle -- wo n't ensure it .
yet if these factors play some role , and i am sure they do , whatever means we try to get to equal opportunity -- and we should use all of them , in principle -- wo n't [make sure] it .

I can appreciate that Miramax bosses Bob and Harvey Weinstein made a pragmatic move to ensure the film was seen , Disney was n't embarrassed , and the Catholic League could go away feeling that it had achieved something .
i can appreciate that miramax bosses bob and harvey weinstein made a pragmatic move to [make sure] the film was seen , disney was n't embarrassed , and the catholic league could go away feeling that it had achieved something .

To some extent this was true , but it was also a bit silly , since before the typewriter there was a great emphasis on people developing uniform , depersonalized handwriting to ensure legibility .
to some extent this was true , but it was also a bit silly , since before the typewriter there was a great emphasis on people developing uniform , depersonalized handwriting to [make sure] legibility .

In order to ensure that annual fund performance appears strong , managers may engage in `` profit taking , '' or selling stocks that have increased in value .
in order to [make sure] that annual fund performance appears strong , managers may engage in `` profit taking , '' or selling stocks that have increased in value .

The purpose is to guarantee defendants ' Sixth Amendment right to a speedy trial and to ensure that they will not have to defend themselves against stale evidence .
the purpose is to guarantee defendants ' sixth amendment right to a speedy trial and to [make sure] that they will not have to defend themselves against stale evidence .

I dogged the pages of a number of catalogs in November and called in my selections before Thanksgiving in order to ensure ample delivery time .
i dogged the pages of a number of catalogs in november and called in my selections before thanksgiving in order to [make sure] ample delivery time .

Cloning will merely present nervous Caucasian men with the means to attempt to ensure that they are n't outnumbered by those threatening masses of other races on what they consider their own territory .
cloning will merely present nervous caucasian men with the means to attempt to [make sure] that they are n't outnumbered by those threatening masses of other races on what they consider their own territory .

In fact , Sedlak and her colleagues described ( in a report to HHS ) how they planned to `` fine-tune '' the study to `` ensure that categories of key participants who were most likely to encounter suspected maltreatment cases in the [ 1986 incidence study ] are given higher probability of being included in the [ new study ] . ''
in fact , sedlak and her colleagues described ( in a report to hhs ) how they planned to `` fine-tune '' the study to `` [make sure] that categories of key participants who were most likely to encounter suspected maltreatment cases in the [ 1986 incidence study ] are given higher probability of being included in the [ new study ] . ''

Please ensure that your staff refrain from further contacts of this nature . ''
please [make sure] that your staff refrain from further contacts of this nature . ''

DARPANET was intentionally designed as a decentralized network in order to ( as much as possible ) ensure survivability in the event of World War III .
darpanet was intentionally designed as a decentralized network in order to ( as much as possible ) [make sure] survivability in the event of world war iii .

If this were a true biological world , competition between the species and the drive for survival would ensure that there is equilibrium between the sharks and the bottom feeders .
if this were a true biological world , competition between the species and the drive for survival would [make sure] that there is equilibrium between the sharks and the bottom feeders .

Ironically , those who rely on either Volokh 's constitutional `` spillover '' analysis or his assessment of software filters may feel compelled to craft laws that ensure we never escape from the `` spillover '' problem : laws that needlessly pit adults ' Amendment rights against the state 's interest in protecting children .
ironically , those who rely on either volokh 's constitutional `` spillover '' analysis or his assessment of software filters may feel compelled to craft laws that [make sure] we never escape from the `` spillover '' problem : laws that needlessly pit adults ' amendment rights against the state 's interest in protecting children .

On the forthcoming Middle East summit at Wye Plantation outside Washington , Ha'aretz of Israel reported Sunday as its main story that Ariel Sharon , Israel 's new hard-line foreign minister-designate , will act as a `` watchdog '' over Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to ensure he does n't make too many concessions to the Palestinians .
on the forthcoming middle east summit at wye plantation outside washington , ha'aretz of israel reported sunday as its main story that ariel sharon , israel 's new hard-line foreign minister-designate , will act as a `` watchdog '' over prime minister benjamin netanyahu to [make sure] he does n't make too many concessions to the palestinians .

We as a people must be willing to ensure at the minimum that the kids have a qualified teacher at the front of the room , a set of books , and a safe school .
we as a people must be willing to [make sure] at the minimum that the kids have a qualified teacher at the front of the room , a set of books , and a safe school .

A recession is inevitable , and we need Fed intervention to ensure it 's a mild one .
a recession is inevitable , and we need fed intervention to [make sure] it 's a mild one .

One of the most admired lines in the earl 's eulogy was his promise to Diana that the Spencer family will do all it can to ensure that Princes William and Harry `` are not simply immersed by duty and tradition , but can sing openly as you planned . ''
one of the most admired lines in the earl 's eulogy was his promise to diana that the spencer family will do all it can to [make sure] that princes william and harry `` are not simply immersed by duty and tradition , but can sing openly as you planned . ''

States have to create replacement programs that set limits ( five years ) on how long most ( four out of five ) families can get welfare , and ensure that half the families still on the rolls in 2002 have at least one ( part- or full-time ) working member .
states have to create replacement programs that set limits ( five years ) on how long most ( four out of five ) families can get welfare , and [make sure] that half the families still on the rolls in 2002 have at least one ( part- or full-time ) working member .

Organizations that sign up voters ca n't stay in touch with them , ca n't remind the newly registered to vote , and ca n't ensure that the new voters will remember their cause if they do vote .
organizations that sign up voters ca n't stay in touch with them , ca n't remind the newly registered to vote , and ca n't [make sure] that the new voters will remember their cause if they do vote .

Moreover , Congressional Democrats have a 7-percent-higher approval rating than Congressional Republicans ; if this holds , the NYT says it would ensure a Democratic House in 2001 .
moreover , congressional democrats have a 7-percent-higher approval rating than congressional republicans ; if this holds , the nyt says it would [make sure] a democratic house in 2001 .

Toshiba seems to have made the offer purely for its PR value , saying that it `` wants to continue to ensure its customers that the Toshiba brand name merits their trust . ''
toshiba seems to have made the offer purely for its pr value , saying that it `` wants to continue to [make sure] its customers that the toshiba brand name merits their trust . ''

Publishers often use the latest of the potential publishing dates in order to ensure that a new new book does n't look old too soon .
publishers often use the latest of the potential publishing dates in order to [make sure] that a new new book does n't look old too soon .

By that time , the review had already been loaded into Slate 's `` doomsday server , '' a device designed to ensure that this magazine continues to be propagated into cyberspace in the event of a nuclear war .
by that time , the review had already been loaded into slate 's `` doomsday server , '' a device designed to [make sure] that this magazine continues to be propagated into cyberspace in the event of a nuclear war .

The kindly King Harald V of Norway visits every year or so to ensure that Ballard remains within the realm .
the kindly king harald v of norway visits every year or so to [make sure] that ballard remains within the realm .

The Times also announced that its Independent National Directors , a body established when Rupert Murdoch bought the paper to ensure he did n't interfere in its editorial policies , had rejected allegations that he had suppressed criticism of the Chinese regime .
the times also announced that its independent national directors , a body established when rupert murdoch bought the paper to [make sure] he did n't interfere in its editorial policies , had rejected allegations that he had suppressed criticism of the chinese regime .

In Madrid , El Mundo called on Israel in an editorial to end its present `` stubbornness '' and to ensure the peace process resumed , `` so that in 2048 , Israel will be carrying on as strongly as now ... and that a viable and peaceful Palestine will be keeping it company . ''
in madrid , el mundo called on israel in an editorial to end its present `` stubbornness '' and to [make sure] the peace process resumed , `` so that in 2048 , israel will be carrying on as strongly as now ... and that a viable and peaceful palestine will be keeping it company . ''

Within these complex categories , there are national quotas to ensure that no country can take up more than 7 percent of the annual green-card allocation ( though some family-reunification categories are exempted from this limit ) .
within these complex categories , there are national quotas to [make sure] that no country can take up more than 7 percent of the annual green-card allocation ( though some family-reunification categories are exempted from this limit ) .

The long-term aim should be `` to get governments out of the airline business , other than to the extent required to ensure safety , essential infrastructure , and free competition . ''
the long-term aim should be `` to get governments out of the airline business , other than to the extent required to [make sure] safety , essential infrastructure , and free competition . ''

In an editorial titled `` Starr Should Not Tarry , '' the Post Express cautioned the independent counsel not to `` lose sight of the broader picture '' : It said his office was created not only `` to assure the unfettered investigation of charges against the highest government officials '' but also to ensure `` that a prosecutorial judgement be rendered in a timely manner . ''
in an editorial titled `` starr should not tarry , '' the post express cautioned the independent counsel not to `` lose sight of the broader picture '' : it said his office was created not only `` to assure the unfettered investigation of charges against the highest government officials '' but also to [make sure] `` that a prosecutorial judgement be rendered in a timely manner . ''

In an op-ed piece in Dawn , former Pakistani Finance Minister Mahbubul Haq said that Pakistan , which for the past 10 years has `` suffered the wrath of the global community on the nuclear issue , '' should now `` make the international community ashamed of itself through its nuclear restraint and ensure that it is India that is treated as a pariah nation . ''
in an op-ed piece in dawn , former pakistani finance minister mahbubul haq said that pakistan , which for the past 10 years has `` suffered the wrath of the global community on the nuclear issue , '' should now `` make the international community ashamed of itself through its nuclear restraint and [make sure] that it is india that is treated as a pariah nation . ''

Two , trying to ensure that the U.N. maintains a united front against Iraq .
two , trying to [make sure] that the u.n. maintains a united front against iraq .

The LAT census lead says that the House 's vote against allowing sampling techniques in the census might ensure an inaccurate count and cost California a billion dollars in lost revenue .
the lat census lead says that the house 's vote against allowing sampling techniques in the census might [make sure] an inaccurate count and cost california a billion dollars in lost revenue .

So the question that the Clinton health care reforms at least raised -- What to add to the marketplace to ensure availability ? -- remains in need of an answer .
so the question that the clinton health care reforms at least raised -- what to add to the marketplace to [make sure] availability ? -- remains in need of an answer .

The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' notes that although the Alternative Minimum Tax was originally designed to ensure that most upper-income taxpayers fork over at least some tax , if it is n't changed in any way , in the year 2007 it will apply to 8.4 million taxpayers , including many in the middle class .
the wall street journal `` tax report '' notes that although the alternative minimum tax was originally designed to [make sure] that most upper-income taxpayers fork over at least some tax , if it is n't changed in any way , in the year 2007 it will apply to 8.4 million taxpayers , including many in the middle class .

A related article concludes that the United States must spend more money on early-childhood development to ensure that babies are sufficiently stimulated .
a related article concludes that the united states must spend more money on early-childhood development to [make sure] that babies are sufficiently stimulated .

The Post 's Howard Kurtz reports that the NYT staff is upset over the metro section editor 's recent remark that it would be unfair for female journalists who take time off to have children to be as far along in their careers as men , and that the LAT newsroom is up in arms over the publisher 's claim that women readers are more drawn to emotional stories than men are , and his proposal of a system that would financially reward senior editors who ensure stories include more quotations from minority group members and women .
the post 's howard kurtz reports that the nyt staff is upset over the metro section editor 's recent remark that it would be unfair for female journalists who take time off to have children to be as far along in their careers as men , and that the lat newsroom is up in arms over the publisher 's claim that women readers are more drawn to emotional stories than men are , and his proposal of a system that would financially reward senior editors who [make sure] stories include more quotations from minority group members and women .

The LAT says that Habibie does not enjoy military support and that these moves appear to ensure that he will be an `` interim figure . ''
the lat says that habibie does not enjoy military support and that these moves appear to [make sure] that he will be an `` interim figure . ''

One -- the best of the lot -- sports a large plastic collar to ensure that you wo n't burn your fingers , no matter how clumsy you are .
one -- the best of the lot -- sports a large plastic collar to [make sure] that you wo n't burn your fingers , no matter how clumsy you are .

Why not ensure monetary virtue by trusting not in the wisdom of men but in an objective standard ?
why not [make sure] monetary virtue by trusting not in the wisdom of men but in an objective standard ?

To justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth ( as opposed to the quite different , more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim ) , you must convincingly argue that the Fed is impotent -- that it can not , by lowering interest rates , ensure that an increase in desired savings gets translated into higher investment .
to justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth ( as opposed to the quite different , more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim ) , you must convincingly argue that the fed is impotent -- that it can not , by lowering interest rates , [make sure] that an increase in desired savings gets translated into higher investment .

Last summer and fall , when it sometimes felt as if the global economy were on the verge of a massive nervous breakdown , the Federal Reserve cut interest rates three consecutive times -- including one between-meetings rate cut -- to ensure that suddenly panicky lenders did n't strangle access to credit .
last summer and fall , when it sometimes felt as if the global economy were on the verge of a massive nervous breakdown , the federal reserve cut interest rates three consecutive times -- including one between-meetings rate cut -- to [make sure] that suddenly panicky lenders did n't strangle access to credit .

The most extreme version of this concept , called `` group selection , '' is Gaia , which suggests that all of life cooperates so as to ensure its continued survival .
the most extreme version of this concept , called `` group selection , '' is gaia , which suggests that all of life cooperates so as to [make sure] its continued survival .

We 're more like Total Quality bosses , and we 're just what many new-style CEOs are : overwhelmed by a vast therapeutic mandate to keep control while dispersing power and to ensure not just the health but the happiness , not just the productivity but the loyalty , of our charges .
we 're more like total quality bosses , and we 're just what many new-style ceos are : overwhelmed by a vast therapeutic mandate to keep control while dispersing power and to [make sure] not just the health but the happiness , not just the productivity but the loyalty , of our charges .

Doing so , Kuhn notes , `` does ensure that our industry is credited , and that your progress is listed among the other business/industry sectors . ''
doing so , kuhn notes , `` does [make sure] that our industry is credited , and that your progress is listed among the other business/industry sectors . ''

Today 's development is that the country 's spy agency will help ensure compliance .
today 's development is that the country 's spy agency will help [make sure] compliance .

From the beginning , ev psych has portrayed the war between the sexes as both natural and inevitable : Men have to spread their genes around by having sex promiscuously and by whatever means necessary ; women lavish their scarce reproductive resources only on partners who 'll stick around to ensure that their children thrive .
from the beginning , ev psych has portrayed the war between the sexes as both natural and inevitable : men have to spread their genes around by having sex promiscuously and by whatever means necessary ; women lavish their scarce reproductive resources only on partners who 'll stick around to [make sure] that their children thrive .

He wanted to know what we should do to ensure the longest possible primary season .
he wanted to know what we should do to [make sure] the longest possible primary season .

A third group , including Cokie Roberts ( TW ) and Robert Novak ( CG ) , think that the INS should require the boy 's father to visit the United States first , to ensure that his decision to raise his son in Cuba is his own rather than Castro 's .
a third group , including cokie roberts ( tw ) and robert novak ( cg ) , think that the ins should require the boy 's father to visit the united states first , to [make sure] that his decision to raise his son in cuba is his own rather than castro 's .

The paper quotes unnamed senior trade and State Department officials explaining that the plan is to ensure that the matter is not resolved while Al Gore is running for president , thus keeping the Teamsters , who vehemently oppose the opening , from abandoning him .
the paper quotes unnamed senior trade and state department officials explaining that the plan is to [make sure] that the matter is not resolved while al gore is running for president , thus keeping the teamsters , who vehemently oppose the opening , from abandoning him .

It wants to keep prices high enough to ensure profits but low enough to deter the development of new fields .
it wants to keep prices high enough to [make sure] profits but low enough to deter the development of new fields .

It got the Reagan administration to negotiate telecommunications agreements with Japan that were then used to ensure Motorola 's access to the cellular market there .
it got the reagan administration to negotiate telecommunications agreements with japan that were then used to [make sure] motorola 's access to the cellular market there .

California 's law suggests letting state workers give the injections without medical supervision , but the serious side effects , and the need to ensure that appropriate doses are given , make this approach foolhardy .
california 's law suggests letting state workers give the injections without medical supervision , but the serious side effects , and the need to [make sure] that appropriate doses are given , make this approach foolhardy .

That saves time ( the new nursing exam takes less than two hours , on average ) and also makes tests more accurate , since the computer can ask more questions around your level to ensure you really are in the 63 rd percentile .
that saves time ( the new nursing exam takes less than two hours , on average ) and also makes tests more accurate , since the computer can ask more questions around your level to [make sure] you really are in the 63 rd percentile .

It 's about the fact that within a given industry , supply does not ensure demand , and that what is rational for the individual firm -- which needs to sell as much of its product as possible and so has to make sure that its product is available -- may be collectively irrational .
it 's about the fact that within a given industry , supply does not [make sure] demand , and that what is rational for the individual firm -- which needs to sell as much of its product as possible and so has to make sure that its product is available -- may be collectively irrational .

Whether or not this is really the best way to make money in the market , it is certainly the best way to ensure a steady supply of customers for Cook 's home-study materials and workshops .
whether or not this is really the best way to make money in the market , it is certainly the best way to [make sure] a steady supply of customers for cook 's home-study materials and workshops .

Bush replied that what had been uppermost in his mind was to ensure that Gorbachev 's position in the Soviet Union was not threatened by American triumphalism .
bush replied that what had been uppermost in his mind was to [make sure] that gorbachev 's position in the soviet union was not threatened by american triumphalism .

There is a theory that this search for a cause is an essentially superstitious act , an almost mystical hope that to name the cause is to ensure that disaster wo n't recur .
there is a theory that this search for a cause is an essentially superstitious act , an almost mystical hope that to name the cause is to [make sure] that disaster wo n't recur .

Even with volunteering at record levels ( 56 percent of Americans say they are so engaged , according to the latest Gallup survey ) , I think we have to take steps to ensure that the spirit upon which it ( and much else that 's worthwhile ) depends is transmitted from generation to generation .
even with volunteering at record levels ( 56 percent of americans say they are so engaged , according to the latest gallup survey ) , i think we have to take steps to [make sure] that the spirit upon which it ( and much else that 's worthwhile ) depends is transmitted from generation to generation .

He has since bowed out and said that , to ensure that the Games would be `` a great unifying national occasion , '' he will invite the queen 's representative in Australia , Governor-general Sir William Deane , to perform the opening ceremony .
he has since bowed out and said that , to [make sure] that the games would be `` a great unifying national occasion , '' he will invite the queen 's representative in australia , governor-general sir william deane , to perform the opening ceremony .

Finished , we ordered a chest X-ray to ensure the catheter was sitting in the right location .
finished , we ordered a chest x-ray to [make sure] the catheter was sitting in the right location .

In an editorial , the Times described the re-election of Jacques Diouf as Director-General of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization in Rome as `` a victory for machine politics and cronysim over much-needed reform in one of the oldest world organisations set up to ensure better food supplies for the millions of people around the world who go hungry . ''
in an editorial , the times described the re-election of jacques diouf as director-general of the u.n. food and agriculture organization in rome as `` a victory for machine politics and cronysim over much-needed reform in one of the oldest world organisations set up to [make sure] better food supplies for the millions of people around the world who go hungry . ''

Is the time for scientists to review and refine the system and for Major League Baseball to ensure compliance and train the estimators .
is the time for scientists to review and refine the system and for major league baseball to [make sure] compliance and train the estimators .

That would force many taxpayers to share the cost of any new government spending , and so ensure broad opposition to the growth of government .
that would force many taxpayers to share the cost of any new government spending , and so [make sure] broad opposition to the growth of government .

Promotions are reviewed by a Pentagon agency called the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute to ensure that the process was racism- and sexism-free .
promotions are reviewed by a pentagon agency called the defense equal opportunity management institute to [make sure] that the process was racism- and sexism-free .

By giving the president a sufficiently diversified portfolio -- some ranch land in Wyoming , a bit of California coastline , a few blocks in the South Bronx , a hill in Tennessee -- we can ensure that the nation 's interests and his personal interests coincide .
by giving the president a sufficiently diversified portfolio -- some ranch land in wyoming , a bit of california coastline , a few blocks in the south bronx , a hill in tennessee -- we can [make sure] that the nation 's interests and his personal interests coincide .

The army 's triumph will ensure Vladimir Putin 's election as president in March .
the army 's triumph will [make sure] vladimir putin 's election as president in march .

Several candidates already have taken public stands or made statements about whether or not they believe the government needs to ensure that consumer privacy is n't violated by online companies .
several candidates already have taken public stands or made statements about whether or not they believe the government needs to [make sure] that consumer privacy is n't violated by online companies .

Statements from Gore , McCain , Bradley , and Bush indicate they favor holding off on any general privacy legislation to allow industry to `` self-regulate '' by posting privacy policies and developing guidelines to ensure that consumers understand how their personally identifying information will be used .
statements from gore , mccain , bradley , and bush indicate they favor holding off on any general privacy legislation to allow industry to `` self-regulate '' by posting privacy policies and developing guidelines to [make sure] that consumers understand how their personally identifying information will be used .

Most favor forgoing federal regulation at this time in favor of allowing the marketplace to ensure that consumers have a choice of Internet service providers for high-speed Internet services .
most favor forgoing federal regulation at this time in favor of allowing the marketplace to [make sure] that consumers have a choice of internet service providers for high-speed internet services .

Since then , Rubin 's cautious advice has helped ensure that the administration did nothing to screw up the prosperity .
since then , rubin 's cautious advice has helped [make sure] that the administration did nothing to screw up the prosperity .

Selectivity in approaching issues of human rights and self-determination is a long-standing American trait , al-Husseini said , adding that `` its resolve in Kosovo perhaps has more to do with upholding the credibility of NATO as its 50 th anniversary approaches , and to ensure that Washington 's leadership of the alliance does not appear weak . ''
selectivity in approaching issues of human rights and self-determination is a long-standing american trait , al-husseini said , adding that `` its resolve in kosovo perhaps has more to do with upholding the credibility of nato as its 50 th anniversary approaches , and to [make sure] that washington 's leadership of the alliance does not appear weak . ''

They leaked to guarantee that they would not be blamed for a quagmire or be punished at budget time -- and to ensure that Clinton would suffer .
they leaked to guarantee that they would not be blamed for a quagmire or be punished at budget time -- and to [make sure] that clinton would suffer .

Why do those pictures always feel as if they 've been honed with the help of focus groups in suburban shopping malls to ensure that no aspect will be jarring to the middlest of middle-class viewers ?
why do those pictures always feel as if they 've been honed with the help of focus groups in suburban shopping malls to [make sure] that no aspect will be jarring to the middlest of middle-class viewers ?

The March issue of Essence magazine invites readers to visit a `` community activist '' Web site about Social Security and become involved `` to ensure that we get our fair share . ''
the march issue of essence magazine invites readers to visit a `` community activist '' web site about social security and become involved `` to [make sure] that we get our fair share . ''

As opinion polls showed Benjamin Netanyahu likely to lose in Monday 's national elections in Israel , the liberal daily Ha'aretz urged a large turnout by voters opposed to him , so as to ensure his defeat .
as opinion polls showed benjamin netanyahu likely to lose in monday 's national elections in israel , the liberal daily ha'aretz urged a large turnout by voters opposed to him , so as to [make sure] his defeat .

Ostensibly , this is a safety measure to ensure that only competent drivers are on the road .
ostensibly , this is a safety measure to [make sure] that only competent drivers are on the road .

In contrast , the Euro-skeptic Times of London speculated that the collective action might , in fact , represent a further avoidance of individual responsibility , and worried about the possible `` renomination '' of the entire commission ( an idea floated by Santer Tuesday ) : `` This supposedly cathartic drama could end up as a 'Japanese ' purge , in which heads roll only to ensure that things continue much as before , with much the same discredited cast .
in contrast , the euro-skeptic times of london speculated that the collective action might , in fact , represent a further avoidance of individual responsibility , and worried about the possible `` renomination '' of the entire commission ( an idea floated by santer tuesday ) : `` this supposedly cathartic drama could end up as a 'japanese ' purge , in which heads roll only to [make sure] that things continue much as before , with much the same discredited cast .

Careful placement of our beds would ensure that they did not appear unsightly in winter , and more importantly , that they create a satisfying grounding for the flowers to come .
careful placement of our beds would [make sure] that they did not appear unsightly in winter , and more importantly , that they create a satisfying grounding for the flowers to come .

When I 'm able to save for a decent house , put aside money for my future children 's education , ensure my retirement funds , and buy the gadgets I want , then maybe I 'll consider putting aside a dime for some miscreant fool whose need for attention drove him to illicit drug use .
when i 'm able to save for a decent house , put aside money for my future children 's education , [make sure] my retirement funds , and buy the gadgets i want , then maybe i 'll consider putting aside a dime for some miscreant fool whose need for attention drove him to illicit drug use .

The act also explicitly requires the Federal Communications Commission , for the first time , to ensure `` universal service `` -- guaranteeing that rural and other underserved areas receive telephone services comparable to those provided in urban areas .
the act also explicitly requires the federal communications commission , for the first time , to [make sure] `` universal service `` -- guaranteeing that rural and other underserved areas receive telephone services comparable to those provided in urban areas .

Customers who want to ensure fast access can replace their modems with pricey , high-bandwidth ISDN lines , T1 lines , cable modems , and so on .
customers who want to [make sure] fast access can replace their modems with pricey , high-bandwidth isdn lines , t1 lines , cable modems , and so on .

One is evolutionary : Men must determine which children they sire , something only strict monogamy can ensure .
one is evolutionary : men must determine which children they sire , something only strict monogamy can [make sure] .

Since the IRS relies on self-reported income , it audits returns to ensure payment .
since the irs relies on self-reported income , it audits returns to [make sure] payment .

At the same time that he resisted this irresponsible conservative position , Clinton saddled himself with one of his own : support for Medicare without higher payments by beneficiaries or structural reforms to ensure long-term solvency .
at the same time that he resisted this irresponsible conservative position , clinton saddled himself with one of his own : support for medicare without higher payments by beneficiaries or structural reforms to [make sure] long-term solvency .

The editorial goes on to note that between one-third and one-half of all divorced women spend some time on welfare : `` As for the famous gender gap , it appears to be merely part of the basic political tensions that now exist between defenders of the country 's post-War system of government guarantees and Republicans who argue for an updating of the ways we ensure personal and financial security . ''
the editorial goes on to note that between one-third and one-half of all divorced women spend some time on welfare : `` as for the famous gender gap , it appears to be merely part of the basic political tensions that now exist between defenders of the country 's post-war system of government guarantees and republicans who argue for an updating of the ways we [make sure] personal and financial security . ''

The idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .
the idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will [make sure] value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .

Thus , they may have opted for full , public disclosure because they knew that that was the only way to ensure that they shared equally in the spoils .
thus , they may have opted for full , public disclosure because they knew that that was the only way to [make sure] that they shared equally in the spoils .

The charities do n't test the products or ensure that the highest-quality ones get their logos .
the charities do n't test the products or [make sure] that the highest-quality ones get their logos .

The WTO is supposed to ensure that countries stick to the spirit and letter of the trade-liberalization agreements they have signed , and to authorize sanctions against countries that break the trade rules they had agreed on .
the wto is supposed to [make sure] that countries stick to the spirit and letter of the trade-liberalization agreements they have signed , and to authorize sanctions against countries that break the trade rules they had agreed on .

All athletes are required to pass physicals to ensure that they do not place themselves or other participants at risk .
all athletes are required to pass physicals to [make sure] that they do not place themselves or other participants at risk .

The NYT lead reports that , with Senate approval of a global-warming treaty pending , major corporations are spearheading legislation that would ensure they receive credit for cutbacks they have made in gas emissions over the last few years .
the nyt lead reports that , with senate approval of a global-warming treaty pending , major corporations are spearheading legislation that would [make sure] they receive credit for cutbacks they have made in gas emissions over the last few years .

Henry Porter , in a disapproving article in The Guardian Weekly for May 21 , 1995 , quotes the Prince as declaring , We must act now to ensure that English -- and that to my way of thinking means English English -- maintains its position as the world language .
henry porter , in a disapproving article in the guardian weekly for may 21 , 1995 , quotes the prince as declaring , we must act now to [make sure] that english -- and that to my way of thinking means english english -- maintains its position as the world language .

Still , for this to happen , all participants recognized that language was important to ensure that the public would understand acts and events as the speakers wished them to be understood .
still , for this to happen , all participants recognized that language was important to [make sure] that the public would understand acts and events as the speakers wished them to be understood .

Written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse ; moreover , written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading ( and reading ahead ) in order to ensure an accurate interpretation of a given sentence .
written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse ; moreover , written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading ( and reading ahead ) in order to [make sure] an accurate interpretation of a given sentence .

The only way students can be taught to improve their use of any language is by compelling them to use it , chiefly by requiring of them on a regular basis , preferably not less often than once a week , a piece of writing which is gone over carefully for usage and grammar to ensure a compatibility with a standard to be devoutly wished for if not achieved .
the only way students can be taught to improve their use of any language is by compelling them to use it , chiefly by requiring of them on a regular basis , preferably not less often than once a week , a piece of writing which is gone over carefully for usage and grammar to [make sure] a compatibility with a standard to be devoutly wished for if not achieved .

The reader wins because he is right -- it is up to the writer to ensure that the reader should not be given any False Scents .
the reader wins because he is right -- it is up to the writer to [make sure] that the reader should not be given any false scents .

Such policies are not only asinine , they are—and here I have found another appropriate place for the buzz word of the decade— counterproductive : the energies expended on vengeance are entirely wasted and should be channeled to changing the present system to ensure that they are not continued .
such policies are not only asinine , they are—and here i have found another appropriate place for the buzz word of the decade— counterproductive : the energies expended on vengeance are entirely wasted and should be channeled to changing the present system to [make sure] that they are not continued .

Anti-languages do just this : their reason for existence is to ensure secrecy by being understood by only a small band of people .
anti-languages do just this : their reason for existence is to [make sure] secrecy by being understood by only a small band of people .

All of these colonies were set up in the same way , with streets wide enough to ensure a full team of oxen could turn around .
all of these colonies were set up in the same way , with streets wide enough to [make sure] a full team of oxen could turn around .

Marc is a bit of a youpie yuppie and has to ensure he is keeping his standing social status .
marc is a bit of a youpie yuppie and has to [make sure] he is keeping his standing social status .

In the discussion of stick to one 's guns , Lederer states that “ many a soldier was actually chained to his gun to ensure bravery. ” I would like to know where that one came from .
in the discussion of stick to one 's guns , lederer states that “ many a soldier was actually chained to his gun to [make sure] bravery. ” i would like to know where that one came from .

A man chained to the gun ( to ensure bravery ? )
a man chained to the gun ( to [make sure] bravery ? )

As I was not at the symposium , I can only assume that the symposiasts concerned themselves less ( if at all ) with the problem of trying to urge editors to engage professional lexicographers as reviewers than with the effort of trying to ensure that editors be provided with certain guidelines on How To Review A Dictionary , which they fondly expect would be passed on to the selected amateur reviewers thereby making them competent , professional reviewers , a forlorn hope at best .
as i was not at the symposium , i can only assume that the symposiasts concerned themselves less ( if at all ) with the problem of trying to urge editors to engage professional lexicographers as reviewers than with the effort of trying to [make sure] that editors be provided with certain guidelines on how to review a dictionary , which they fondly expect would be passed on to the selected amateur reviewers thereby making them competent , professional reviewers , a forlorn hope at best .

Thus , many a soldier was actually chained to his gun to ensure bravery .
thus , many a soldier was actually chained to his gun to [make sure] bravery .

In any event , computers must use an elaborate method of double-checking transmitted data , to ensure that no error is made .
in any event , computers must use an elaborate method of double-checking transmitted data , to [make sure] that no error is made .

It was dropped at the court of Gaelic kings in favour of English about 900 years ago , perhaps to please an English queen or perhaps to ensure the retention of the English-speaking half of Northumbria ceded to Scotland .
it was dropped at the court of gaelic kings in favour of english about 900 years ago , perhaps to please an english queen or perhaps to [make sure] the retention of the english-speaking half of northumbria ceded to scotland .

