Midlands Electricity has ensured the site in Hereford is now safe .
midlands electricity has [made sure] the site in hereford is now safe .

The finding in Sir David Calcutt 's report on privacy and the press that the Press Complaints Commission 's lay members were dominated by the industry was baseless , Lord McGregor said , as their standing in the worlds in which their reputations had been made ensured they would never kowtow to proprietors or editors .
the finding in sir david calcutt 's report on privacy and the press that the press complaints commission 's lay members were dominated by the industry was baseless , lord mcgregor said , as their standing in the worlds in which their reputations had been made [made sure] they would never kowtow to proprietors or editors .

But as a result of suppressing these qualities , managers have ensured that we have built a low-wage , low-skilled workforce lacking in self-reliance and self-esteem .
but as a result of suppressing these qualities , managers have [made sure] that we have built a low-wage , low-skilled workforce lacking in self-reliance and self-esteem .

Responding to criticism on the lack of energy policy which led to the fiasco over pit closure proposals last year , the Government said competitive markets ensured the best assess to secure , diverse and sustainable prices of energy at the best prices .
responding to criticism on the lack of energy policy which led to the fiasco over pit closure proposals last year , the government said competitive markets [made sure] the best assess to secure , diverse and sustainable prices of energy at the best prices .

Smith 's brave effort ensured Britain 's 26-strong team finished the championships with two golds , two silver and one bronze — easily their best performance in any world indoor championship .
smith 's brave effort [made sure] britain 's 26-strong team finished the championships with two golds , two silver and one bronze — easily their best performance in any world indoor championship .

On Saturday , Payton fluffed a simple chance then regained his composure to score the goal that ensured victory and finished up having to change his jersey because it was stained with the blood of a cut that required him to go off temporarily for stitches .
on saturday , payton fluffed a simple chance then regained his composure to score the goal that [made sure] victory and finished up having to change his jersey because it was stained with the blood of a cut that required him to go off temporarily for stitches .

Robertson 's drive over the bar and Klinsmann 's shot , astutely blocked by Walker , ensured that there would have been adolescent opposition to the idea of an early exit while there was so much to appreciate .
robertson 's drive over the bar and klinsmann 's shot , astutely blocked by walker , [made sure] that there would have been adolescent opposition to the idea of an early exit while there was so much to appreciate .

The 15-12 quarter-final passage was attributed to a Jim Renwick drop goal after tries by Douglas Wyllie and Jim Hay — the latter 's converted by Simon Scott — had ensured the Survivors ' fightback from 0-12 adrift .
the 15-12 quarter-final passage was attributed to a jim renwick drop goal after tries by douglas wyllie and jim hay — the latter 's converted by simon scott — had [made sure] the survivors ' fightback from 0-12 adrift .

The home side 's tireless support play ensured they were rarely troubled .
the home side 's tireless support play [made sure] they were rarely troubled .

Andy Douglas , however , ensured the Melrose revival was delayed by crossing on the right after his colleague Liddle had been thwarted by a well-executed Ross Brown tackle .
andy douglas , however , [made sure] the melrose revival was delayed by crossing on the right after his colleague liddle had been thwarted by a well-executed ross brown tackle .

In effect , its use was an excellent example of successful space planning , and in a rolling , pitching ship ensured that blissful , undisturbed suspension which can never be matched by a static bunk !
in effect , its use was an excellent example of successful space planning , and in a rolling , pitching ship [made sure] that blissful , undisturbed suspension which can never be matched by a static bunk !

The Henry Cecil-trained filly 's massive reputation ensured that she , too , started a short-priced favourite to overcome her inexperience when taking on 11 rivals back in mid-April .
the henry cecil-trained filly 's massive reputation [made sure] that she , too , started a short-priced favourite to overcome her inexperience when taking on 11 rivals back in mid-april .

Certainly , the greed factor has ensured that when players fail at the highest level , the knife will just not be delivered , but twisted with venom
certainly , the greed factor has [made sure] that when players fail at the highest level , the knife will just not be delivered , but twisted with venom

It was veteran Sanchez who ensured justice was done .
it was veteran sanchez who [made sure] justice was done .

‘ There is the other side of the coin in that Alistair and Louis have deprived two local players of places so we ensured that they considered playing just as important as playing for Zimbabwe or Northern Transvaal . ’
‘ there is the other side of the coin in that alistair and louis have deprived two local players of places so we [made sure] that they considered playing just as important as playing for zimbabwe or northern transvaal . ’

The presence of Bedu may have been one reason for this — the marvellous rhythmical qualities of her movement and her simple ideas built up with many possibilities ( ! ) ensured some wonderful sessions .
the presence of bedu may have been one reason for this — the marvellous rhythmical qualities of her movement and her simple ideas built up with many possibilities ( ! ) [made sure] some wonderful sessions .

It simultaneously increased the surplus produced by the working class and ensured that this surplus found a market , generating steadily rising profits for the employers .
it simultaneously increased the surplus produced by the working class and [made sure] that this surplus found a market , generating steadily rising profits for the employers .

As the labour market tightened , faster product wage growth limited the expansion of the backward sector , and thereby ensured an elastic labour supply for the dynamic modern sectors .
as the labour market tightened , faster product wage growth limited the expansion of the backward sector , and thereby [made sure] an elastic labour supply for the dynamic modern sectors .

They ensured that few of the extra workers entering the market were trapped in small-scale operations and provided an elasticity of labour supply essential to very rapid accumulation in advanced sectors .
they [made sure] that few of the extra workers entering the market were trapped in small-scale operations and provided an elasticity of labour supply essential to very rapid accumulation in advanced sectors .

Fast productivity growth in the sectors producing means of production ensured a rapid reduction in the real cost of capital goods .
fast productivity growth in the sectors producing means of production [made sure] a rapid reduction in the real cost of capital goods .

Here the employers consolidated an industrial relations system which ensured maximum control .
here the employers consolidated an industrial relations system which [made sure] maximum control .

The management had the financial support of the Industrial Bank of Japan , the Employers Federation ensured that Nissan 's subcontractors would receive alternative orders , and its rivals guaranteed that they would not steal its markets while the firm was out of production .
the management had the financial support of the industrial bank of japan , the employers federation [made sure] that nissan 's subcontractors would receive alternative orders , and its rivals guaranteed that they would not steal its markets while the firm was out of production .

The pattern of demand — including the rise in the share of investment ( chapter 8 ) — ensured that industrial production rose more quickly than the output of services .
the pattern of demand — including the rise in the share of investment ( chapter 8 ) — [made sure] that industrial production rose more quickly than the output of services .

This additional borrowing , being routed in part through the banking system , ensured a faster growth of the money supply .
this additional borrowing , being routed in part through the banking system , [made sure] a faster growth of the money supply .

Stray bullets flying across their heads from both trenches ensured that they kept themselves low to the ground .
stray bullets flying across their heads from both trenches [made sure] that they kept themselves low to the ground .

The courtship has had its ups and downs , and rival suitors have ensured the course of true love did not run smooth .
the courtship has had its ups and downs , and rival suitors have [made sure] the course of true love did not run smooth .

Rev John Cave said the church had ensured the Archbishop 's attendance by ‘ booking ’ him two years ago .
rev john cave said the church had [made sure] the archbishop 's attendance by ‘ booking ’ him two years ago .

Said Prof Sunderland : ‘ We believe that it was the international reputation of these departments , together with the strength and imaginative nature of the particular proposals that ensured that Bangor did so well . ’
said prof sunderland : ‘ we believe that it was the international reputation of these departments , together with the strength and imaginative nature of the particular proposals that [made sure] that bangor did so well . ’

And because Lotus is the market leader , Microsoft has ensured that Excel is fully compatible with 123 .
and because lotus is the market leader , microsoft has [made sure] that excel is fully compatible with 123 .

But a first victory at Filbert Street ensured another landmark in the amazing rise and rise of Rovers .
but a first victory at filbert street [made sure] another landmark in the amazing rise and rise of rovers .

It will be held at Wallasey Town Hall next February and already the local authority has ensured several technical experts in an attempt to defeat the plan .
it will be held at wallasey town hall next february and already the local authority has [made sure] several technical experts in an attempt to defeat the plan .

Modern pressures have ensured that today 's youngsters have far too much to say for themselves and do not always display the respect for their elders which they should .
modern pressures have [made sure] that today 's youngsters have far too much to say for themselves and do not always display the respect for their elders which they should .

Spawning then takes place above this nest , the female clasping her anal fin around her vent and the male 's genital papilla , releasing some eggs which , within the fin , are virtually ensured fertilization .
spawning then takes place above this nest , the female clasping her anal fin around her vent and the male 's genital papilla , releasing some eggs which , within the fin , are virtually [made sure] fertilization .

Efficient use of C-Sat is ensured by a message store-and-forward system .
efficient use of c-sat is [made sure] by a message store-and-forward system .

The very circumstance , however , which made the public schools a perfect vehicle for propaganda — their isolation , through the boarding system , from the outside world and the idiosyncratic influence of families — ensured that Dr Arnold , in his crusade for the personal salvation of his charges , could enjoy no more than a limited success .
the very circumstance , however , which made the public schools a perfect vehicle for propaganda — their isolation , through the boarding system , from the outside world and the idiosyncratic influence of families — [made sure] that dr arnold , in his crusade for the personal salvation of his charges , could enjoy no more than a limited success .

’ The practical corollary of this , tirelessly expounded in the Round Table in the post-war years , was that the safest place for brown races , for now and the foreseeable future , was within the British empire , where their interests could be looked after and their development , at an appropriately gradual pace , ensured .
’ the practical corollary of this , tirelessly expounded in the round table in the post-war years , was that the safest place for brown races , for now and the foreseeable future , was within the british empire , where their interests could be looked after and their development , at an appropriately gradual pace , [made sure] .

Churchill was prime minister , and though he found it politic in the face of American and Labour pressure to allow negotiations about India 's constitutional future to go on , at the same time he ensured that all such negotiations came to nought .
churchill was prime minister , and though he found it politic in the face of american and labour pressure to allow negotiations about india 's constitutional future to go on , at the same time he [made sure] that all such negotiations came to nought .

Inside , a memorial tablet inscribed in Latin can be found , also an hour-glass timer that ensured that the sermons did not last too long .
inside , a memorial tablet inscribed in latin can be found , also an hour-glass timer that [made sure] that the sermons did not last too long .

The advantage of using hybrid methods is that high-order Markov dependencies do not have to be introduced because accuracy is ensured by using the dictionary .
the advantage of using hybrid methods is that high-order markov dependencies do not have to be introduced because accuracy is [made sure] by using the dictionary .

However , it is not the world 's statesmen that we have to thank for even this limited achievement in arms control , but the women and men whose political activity has ensured that some action must be taken .
however , it is not the world 's statesmen that we have to thank for even this limited achievement in arms control , but the women and men whose political activity has [made sure] that some action must be taken .

These were also the pressures behind the limited progress made between the superpowers : it is the world-wide mobilisation against nuclear testing that ensured the conclusion and adherence to the limited Test Ban Treaty of 1963 .
these were also the pressures behind the limited progress made between the superpowers : it is the world-wide mobilisation against nuclear testing that [made sure] the conclusion and adherence to the limited test ban treaty of 1963 .

In part the practical difficulty of withholding tax most of which is deducted at source has prevented it from ever assuming large-scale proportions , while the fact that opposition has in the past tended to focus on specific wars , of which the Vietnam war was the most prominent recent example , ensured that it was usually a relatively transient phenomenon .
in part the practical difficulty of withholding tax most of which is deducted at source has prevented it from ever assuming large-scale proportions , while the fact that opposition has in the past tended to focus on specific wars , of which the vietnam war was the most prominent recent example , [made sure] that it was usually a relatively transient phenomenon .

Instead the structure chosen for the Inquiry ensured that it could only be resolved in favour of the course supported by the government .
instead the structure chosen for the inquiry [made sure] that it could only be resolved in favour of the course supported by the government .

If a system of government is , in the long term to continue to enjoy the broad acquiescence on which , in a democratic society , it stands , it must be sufficiently responsive to the voices of the governed and this is most effectively ensured by the constitution 's providing for the regulation of social affairs at the lowest and most immediate level possible .
if a system of government is , in the long term to continue to enjoy the broad acquiescence on which , in a democratic society , it stands , it must be sufficiently responsive to the voices of the governed and this is most effectively [made sure] by the constitution 's providing for the regulation of social affairs at the lowest and most immediate level possible .

It was pointed out that this ensured the highest quality from such a large harvest and that the overall permitted yield of 95 hectolitres per hectare was in fact lower than the 95.3 hectolitres per hectare granted in 1982 .
it was pointed out that this [made sure] the highest quality from such a large harvest and that the overall permitted yield of 95 hectolitres per hectare was in fact lower than the 95.3 hectolitres per hectare granted in 1982 .

The Fish ensured that Charlie was in the news and firmly established as a Face .
the fish [made sure] that charlie was in the news and firmly established as a face .

The availability of cash support has ensured that virtually all local authorities are now aware of the position of the cycle in national transport policy and have their own cycle plan , usually integrated with their overall transportation plan .
the availability of cash support has [made sure] that virtually all local authorities are now aware of the position of the cycle in national transport policy and have their own cycle plan , usually integrated with their overall transportation plan .

When Tom Webster drew him wearing a knee-length sweater , he ensured that , thereafter , all his sweaters were oversized .
when tom webster drew him wearing a knee-length sweater , he [made sure] that , thereafter , all his sweaters were oversized .

Three Shield centuries , all made briskly , in the 1934–35 season ensured him of a place on Vic Richardson 's Australian tour of South Africa the following season , and he contributed steadily with two sixties and smart fielding as Australia , with their mighty spin attack , forged to a 4–0 victory .
three shield centuries , all made briskly , in the 1934–35 season [made sure] him of a place on vic richardson 's australian tour of south africa the following season , and he contributed steadily with two sixties and smart fielding as australia , with their mighty spin attack , forged to a 4–0 victory .

He eventually fell , seven short of a century , ‘ gated ’ by the offspinner after being stuck fast for 25 minutes , but Dermot Reeve , in his first Test , and watched by his mother Monica , who had flown halfway around the world to see him play , and Lewis , who unfurled drives and cuts of genuine quality , ensured progress was maintained as the weather closed in .
he eventually fell , seven short of a century , ‘ gated ’ by the offspinner after being stuck fast for 25 minutes , but dermot reeve , in his first test , and watched by his mother monica , who had flown halfway around the world to see him play , and lewis , who unfurled drives and cuts of genuine quality , [made sure] progress was maintained as the weather closed in .

After repelling the wiles of Tufnell , Wright and Jones ensured that three figures were raised by the close .
after repelling the wiles of tufnell , wright and jones [made sure] that three figures were raised by the close .

This not only entitled the State which manufactured and certified the aircraft type to participate formally in an investigation by means of an officially accredited representative , and so make their very considerable resources and knowledge available to the investigators , but it also ensured that when an accident occurred in one of those States which did not possess a well developed aviation industry , all the necessary expertise would be forthcoming and available to the investigation .
this not only entitled the state which manufactured and certified the aircraft type to participate formally in an investigation by means of an officially accredited representative , and so make their very considerable resources and knowledge available to the investigators , but it also [made sure] that when an accident occurred in one of those states which did not possess a well developed aviation industry , all the necessary expertise would be forthcoming and available to the investigation .

They needed an internal phone system that ensured fast and reliable communications between their commodity traders across the world .
they needed an internal phone system that [made sure] fast and reliable communications between their commodity traders across the world .

Tyndale ensured that the English Bible should be in a popular and spoken , rather than a literary , language .
tyndale [made sure] that the english bible should be in a popular and spoken , rather than a literary , language .

In problem 1 , we want and this can be ensured by imposing .
in problem 1 , we want and this can be [made sure] by imposing .

The point is , enough Lib Dems voted Labour here and ensured that John Major 's new majority is two fewer than it would otherwise have been .
the point is , enough lib dems voted labour here and [made sure] that john major 's new majority is two fewer than it would otherwise have been .

In terms of Oriental changelessness , the contrast implied is with western progressivism : the key value that has ensured science , technology , world leadership , imperialism , and the achievements of a materialistic civilisation .
in terms of oriental changelessness , the contrast implied is with western progressivism : the key value that has [made sure] science , technology , world leadership , imperialism , and the achievements of a materialistic civilisation .

One final note from a pedant : a lethal misprint on page 50 has ensured that a generation of students will be informing their tutors that the Socinians were nationalists , rather than rationalists .
one final note from a pedant : a lethal misprint on page 50 has [made sure] that a generation of students will be informing their tutors that the socinians were nationalists , rather than rationalists .

He argues that in the case of the optical company the return of control to the workers ensured a more effective productive unit .
he argues that in the case of the optical company the return of control to the workers [made sure] a more effective productive unit .

When two of the Society 's officials visited Orkney for consultation with the Social Work Department , the Orkney grapevine ensured that everyone in South Ronaldsay knew they were there within a very short time of their arrival .
when two of the society 's officials visited orkney for consultation with the social work department , the orkney grapevine [made sure] that everyone in south ronaldsay knew they were there within a very short time of their arrival .

The Greek god of love who inspired physical attraction between the sexes and thus ensured the continuity of life .
the greek god of love who inspired physical attraction between the sexes and thus [made sure] the continuity of life .

He then flew to a nearby magic mountain to gather healing herbs for his troops , which ensured their success in battle .
he then flew to a nearby magic mountain to gather healing herbs for his troops , which [made sure] their success in battle .

Hermes ’ musical talent ensured he remained a favourite with the gods , and he was credited with inventing the lyre from a tortoise shell . His mercurial personality was likened to quicksilver , to which was lent his name , according to Hoole 's Ariosto :
hermes ’ musical talent [made sure] he remained a favourite with the gods , and he was credited with inventing the lyre from a tortoise shell . his mercurial personality was likened to quicksilver , to which was lent his name , according to hoole 's ariosto :

Thus local landowners were promised that they too would share in any bonanza the mining brought , and this promise ensured their acquiescence in the company 's prospecting operations .
thus local landowners were promised that they too would share in any bonanza the mining brought , and this promise [made sure] their acquiescence in the company 's prospecting operations .

The intensity of these aspirations meant that they were inevitably ‘ brief and ‘ pure ’ and the constant reading ensured that they would be ‘ frequent ’ .
the intensity of these aspirations meant that they were inevitably ‘ brief and ‘ pure ’ and the constant reading [made sure] that they would be ‘ frequent ’ .

Nevertheless , the College could not have informants everywhere and though some funerals were based on the College 's formularies , the client ensured that the most important hallmarks of a College of Arms funeral — the funerary ‘ achievements ’ — were substituted by objects loosely indicative of them .
nevertheless , the college could not have informants everywhere and though some funerals were based on the college 's formularies , the client [made sure] that the most important hallmarks of a college of arms funeral — the funerary ‘ achievements ’ — were substituted by objects loosely indicative of them .

Kirk came into the project not just as actor , having ensured that his own production company , Bryna , would co-produce with director Richard Quine 's own production company .
kirk came into the project not just as actor , having [made sure] that his own production company , bryna , would co-produce with director richard quine 's own production company .

He had become a legend and he ensured he got the kind of treatment only a legend deserved .
he had become a legend and he [made sure] he got the kind of treatment only a legend deserved .

It ensured that no trigger-happy missile controller would fail to observe the safety precautions and attempt a little target practice .
it [made sure] that no trigger-happy missile controller would fail to observe the safety precautions and attempt a little target practice .

To meet this problem , most makes have polished smooth plastic handles — unlike one well-known manufacturer who , for many years and until only relatively recently , proudly proclaimed the brand name by imprinting it deeply all over the handles — which gave the user a good ‘ grip ’ , but therefore virtually ensured sore , blistered hands whenever there was much work to be done
to meet this problem , most makes have polished smooth plastic handles — unlike one well-known manufacturer who , for many years and until only relatively recently , proudly proclaimed the brand name by imprinting it deeply all over the handles — which gave the user a good ‘ grip ’ , but therefore virtually [made sure] sore , blistered hands whenever there was much work to be done

The repeal of the ‘ taxes on knowledge ’ in the mid-1850s is , therefore , an historical and political watershed ; it ensured that individuals and groups could voice opinions and circulate those opinions via the press without risk of prosecution .
the repeal of the ‘ taxes on knowledge ’ in the mid-1850s is , therefore , an historical and political watershed ; it [made sure] that individuals and groups could voice opinions and circulate those opinions via the press without risk of prosecution .

In addition to punitive legal and financial restraints , governments and officials ensured that preferential treatment and a steady stream of funds kept the press in check .
in addition to punitive legal and financial restraints , governments and officials [made sure] that preferential treatment and a steady stream of funds kept the press in check .

The vehement reaction to what was a unique challenge to accepted procedure has ensured that the basic pattern of newspapers working hand-in-hand with political parties and politicians continues to thrive .
the vehement reaction to what was a unique challenge to accepted procedure has [made sure] that the basic pattern of newspapers working hand-in-hand with political parties and politicians continues to thrive .

The hierarchical nature of news organizations — both as a chain of command and as an information processing organization — ensured that the power centre remained well removed from the specialist correspondents .
the hierarchical nature of news organizations — both as a chain of command and as an information processing organization — [made sure] that the power centre remained well removed from the specialist correspondents .

This is ensured , first , by ‘ democratic centralism ’ : ‘ the obligation of lower bodies to observe the decisions of higher ones ’ ; secondly , by Party oversight of all State bodies ; and , finally , by the system of nomenklatura , which reserves important appointments to the Party apparatus .
this is [made sure] , first , by ‘ democratic centralism ’ : ‘ the obligation of lower bodies to observe the decisions of higher ones ’ ; secondly , by party oversight of all state bodies ; and , finally , by the system of nomenklatura , which reserves important appointments to the party apparatus .

They also began firing in built kilns rather than in open fires , which ensured a more even and consistent firing , and more predictable results ( Alexiou , undated ) .
they also began firing in built kilns rather than in open fires , which [made sure] a more even and consistent firing , and more predictable results ( alexiou , undated ) .

This procedure enabled rewards and punishers to be given contingently within the intervention and ensured that there was little risk of reinforcing unwanted behaviour .
this procedure enabled rewards and punishers to be given contingently within the intervention and [made sure] that there was little risk of reinforcing unwanted behaviour .

Apparently a couple of somersaults ensured a complete write-off .
apparently a couple of somersaults [made sure] a complete write-off .

Having placed the design on screen and ensured that you are at Row one , Column one , within Magnify , click on to the printer icon with the right mouse button .
having placed the design on screen and [made sure] that you are at row one , column one , within magnify , click on to the printer icon with the right mouse button .

But it was the mercurial Fox , aided by skilful loose-forward David Heron , who ensured Northern 's seventh consecutive League victory and their first at Knowsley Road for six years .
but it was the mercurial fox , aided by skilful loose-forward david heron , who [made sure] northern 's seventh consecutive league victory and their first at knowsley road for six years .

Leeds , however , did not heed that warning , and paid the ultimate price in the 59th minute , when Rangers ensured their passage to the next phase of the competition .
leeds , however , did not heed that warning , and paid the ultimate price in the 59th minute , when rangers [made sure] their passage to the next phase of the competition .

Captain Tony Adams had promised Arsenal were ready ‘ to give some unlucky team a tonking ’ , and only the woodwork and some slack second-half finishing ensured it was n't Coventry , although their unbeaten away record was comprehensively shredded .
captain tony adams had promised arsenal were ready ‘ to give some unlucky team a tonking ’ , and only the woodwork and some slack second-half finishing [made sure] it was n't coventry , although their unbeaten away record was comprehensively shredded .

Not that their patronage would have necessarily ensured success .
not that their patronage would have necessarily [made sure] success .

Her thoughts were carefully filtered through her father 's public relations machine which ensured she was never interviewed .
her thoughts were carefully filtered through her father 's public relations machine which [made sure] she was never interviewed .

In a series of dramatic and highly publicized meetings with Hitler , culminating at Munich on September 29th , Neville Chamberlain ensured that the effective destruction of Czech independence did not immediately precipitate a general European war .
in a series of dramatic and highly publicized meetings with hitler , culminating at munich on september 29th , neville chamberlain [made sure] that the effective destruction of czech independence did not immediately precipitate a general european war .

The memory for the Second Division club will be of their historic 10-9 triumph over West Hartlepool last year , a victory secured with a last- minute try that ensured their promotion from the Courage League Division Three alongside their immediate rivals .
the memory for the second division club will be of their historic 10-9 triumph over west hartlepool last year , a victory secured with a last- minute try that [made sure] their promotion from the courage league division three alongside their immediate rivals .

In the match programme , Tottenham urged their fans to wear condoms — if only they could have ensured similar protection from Newton .
in the match programme , tottenham urged their fans to wear condoms — if only they could have [made sure] similar protection from newton .

The arrival of Dean Saunders from Liverpool has ensured that Atkinson does not drift back into his apathetic state of mind .
the arrival of dean saunders from liverpool has [made sure] that atkinson does not drift back into his apathetic state of mind .

And although it was a typical Lineker goal which ensured England 's place in the European Championship finals , when he scored a late equaliser in Poland , Taylor 's doubts began to emerge clearly .
and although it was a typical lineker goal which [made sure] england 's place in the european championship finals , when he scored a late equaliser in poland , taylor 's doubts began to emerge clearly .

The arrival of Dean Saunders from Liverpool has ensured that Atkinson does not drift back into his apathetic state of mind .
the arrival of dean saunders from liverpool has [made sure] that atkinson does not drift back into his apathetic state of mind .

Graeme Souness had ensured this fourth round replay would not be lacking in spice by making disparaging remarks about Palace 's muscular approach in the 1-1 draw at Anfield two weeks ago .
graeme souness had [made sure] this fourth round replay would not be lacking in spice by making disparaging remarks about palace 's muscular approach in the 1-1 draw at anfield two weeks ago .

Skelton ensured he would not be the only Everest team member without an outright win by beating new colleague John Whitaker in their sponsors ' Christmas Knockout .
skelton [made sure] he would not be the only everest team member without an outright win by beating new colleague john whitaker in their sponsors ' christmas knockout .

The Government of the day believed that takeover activity was the means by which the stockmarkets ensured that companies were motivated to become as efficient and successful as possible .
the government of the day believed that takeover activity was the means by which the stockmarkets [made sure] that companies were motivated to become as efficient and successful as possible .

The introduction of summary financial statements ensured that building society members did not have to cope with extensive , detailed financial information that they did not want and could not be expected to understand .
the introduction of summary financial statements [made sure] that building society members did not have to cope with extensive , detailed financial information that they did not want and could not be expected to understand .

Advances in telecommunications , the trend towards miniaturisation and falling hardware prices have ensured that access to information is not a problem .
advances in telecommunications , the trend towards miniaturisation and falling hardware prices have [made sure] that access to information is not a problem .

Domestic delivery is ensured within an average of 1.5 to two working days while cross-border delivery takes an average of four .
domestic delivery is [made sure] within an average of 1.5 to two working days while cross-border delivery takes an average of four .

The structure of the British court system , combined with the lack of effective policing , ensured that compromise and restitution remained possible during the nineteenth century for all but the most serious crimes .
the structure of the british court system , combined with the lack of effective policing , [made sure] that compromise and restitution remained possible during the nineteenth century for all but the most serious crimes .

Wales still struggled for possession although Copsey 's aggressive involvement ensured that Ireland 's ball was not delivered as smoothly as it might have been .
wales still struggled for possession although copsey 's aggressive involvement [made sure] that ireland 's ball was not delivered as smoothly as it might have been .

Later , in 449 the university and town were attacked by invading Picts and Scots , but Hengist 's victory over them , and subsequent decision to build the first Saxon town at Stamford , ensured its future .
later , in 449 the university and town were attacked by invading picts and scots , but hengist 's victory over them , and subsequent decision to build the first saxon town at stamford , [made sure] its future .

If it did anything this mass burning ensured that Lewes remained a stronghold of Protestantism , and the people of Cliffe still celebrate Bonfire Night at the Martyr 's Memorial with a sectarian fervour far exceeding the mild anti-Popery of other marchers .
if it did anything this mass burning [made sure] that lewes remained a stronghold of protestantism , and the people of cliffe still celebrate bonfire night at the martyr 's memorial with a sectarian fervour far exceeding the mild anti-popery of other marchers .

Together they inadvertently ensured that their four children would be little more than emotional cripples .
together they inadvertently [made sure] that their four children would be little more than emotional cripples .

Charles had ensured he completed his royal duties in Anglesey before rushing to be by their side at the school in Berkshire .
charles had [made sure] he completed his royal duties in anglesey before rushing to be by their side at the school in berkshire .

It has , for instance , appointed a lay chairman to its disciplinary committee and ensured that 25% of its investigation and disciplinary committees are non-accountants .
it has , for instance , appointed a lay chairman to its disciplinary committee and [made sure] that 25% of its investigation and disciplinary committees are non-accountants .

Whatever the reason for this behaviour , it ensured that the fish became available to surface-feeding birds such as kittiwakes and terns , and the fact is that it no longer happens .
whatever the reason for this behaviour , it [made sure] that the fish became available to surface-feeding birds such as kittiwakes and terns , and the fact is that it no longer happens .

Farm lobbies have already ensured that the treaties recently negotiated with Bulgaria and Romania are less generous on agriculture than the earlier batch .
farm lobbies have already [made sure] that the treaties recently negotiated with bulgaria and romania are less generous on agriculture than the earlier batch .

So began the chain of events which ensured that his name remains so widely known , two centuries later , because with the title of High Sheriff came the responsibility for the county gaol .
so began the chain of events which [made sure] that his name remains so widely known , two centuries later , because with the title of high sheriff came the responsibility for the county gaol .

The Church 's Eastern European resurgence , centred upon its long recognized strength in Poland — a country led from mid-1989 by a devout Catholic prime minister — but now including almost every country from Czechoslovakia to Lithuania , as well as what previously seemed the almost unimaginable resurrection of Uniate Catholicism in the Ukraine , has ensured that Catholic history and geography in the 1990s are likely to look very different from that of the 1980s .
the church 's eastern european resurgence , centred upon its long recognized strength in poland — a country led from mid-1989 by a devout catholic prime minister — but now including almost every country from czechoslovakia to lithuania , as well as what previously seemed the almost unimaginable resurrection of uniate catholicism in the ukraine , has [made sure] that catholic history and geography in the 1990s are likely to look very different from that of the 1980s .

Curial officials ensured conservative cardinals led discussions in the central commission , and that reports of commissions in the L'Osservatore Romano reflected conservative views .
curial officials [made sure] conservative cardinals led discussions in the central commission , and that reports of commissions in the l'osservatore romano reflected conservative views .

Principle , as well as expediency , therefore ensured that public service broadcasting was to be impartial .
principle , as well as expediency , therefore [made sure] that public service broadcasting was to be impartial .

It ensured that the Delaware law was partly scrapped in November 1991 , and is still trying to reduce the banks ' remaining powers , particularly in reinsurance .
it [made sure] that the delaware law was partly scrapped in november 1991 , and is still trying to reduce the banks ' remaining powers , particularly in reinsurance .

The profit from private trading , which was the chief attraction of service in an East Indiaman , was really a monopoly of the senior officers , and considerations of nepotism and private interest ensured that there was a considerable element of uncertainty in an officer 's career in this service .
the profit from private trading , which was the chief attraction of service in an east indiaman , was really a monopoly of the senior officers , and considerations of nepotism and private interest [made sure] that there was a considerable element of uncertainty in an officer 's career in this service .

Having ensured that Argyll 's deputy had been made aware of his wishes and of his loyalty to the duke 's interest , Drummond did not neglect to advise Lord Milton that he had been approached by Captain Haldane , another candidate seeking the votes of the freeholders of Perthshire .
having [made sure] that argyll 's deputy had been made aware of his wishes and of his loyalty to the duke 's interest , drummond did not neglect to advise lord milton that he had been approached by captain haldane , another candidate seeking the votes of the freeholders of perthshire .

The permanent military garrisons in Scotland provided a number of minor posts which featured prominently in burgh politics , particularly in Stirling , where the Christie family influence in council over an extended period ensured that much of the small change of military patronage came their way .
the permanent military garrisons in scotland provided a number of minor posts which featured prominently in burgh politics , particularly in stirling , where the christie family influence in council over an extended period [made sure] that much of the small change of military patronage came their way .

In law and practice , we often act as though the overvalued blood ties ensured satisfactory parenting , with the result that the child 's wellbeing is sacrificed to that of the adult .
in law and practice , we often act as though the overvalued blood ties [made sure] satisfactory parenting , with the result that the child 's wellbeing is sacrificed to that of the adult .

Competitively priced estimates ensured a high level of sales : Chagall , forty-four lots out of fifty-one sold in the room ; Miró , thirty-one lots out of fifty-one sold ; Picasso , seventy-five out of ninety-two lots sold ; Hockney , thirty-one lots out of thirty-three sold ; Tapies , nineteen out of twenty-four lots sold ; Warhol , thirteen lots out of twenty-one sold , including an astutely estimated set of Marilyns ( lot 842 ) , bought by a London dealer for £115,000 ( $173,650 , est. £100,000–120,000 ) .
competitively priced estimates [made sure] a high level of sales : chagall , forty-four lots out of fifty-one sold in the room ; miró , thirty-one lots out of fifty-one sold ; picasso , seventy-five out of ninety-two lots sold ; hockney , thirty-one lots out of thirty-three sold ; tapies , nineteen out of twenty-four lots sold ; warhol , thirteen lots out of twenty-one sold , including an astutely estimated set of marilyns ( lot 842 ) , bought by a london dealer for £115,000 ( $173,650 , est. £100,000–120,000 ) .

Inept handling of the match by the referee ensured that the game would not pass without incident .
inept handling of the match by the referee [made sure] that the game would not pass without incident .

Sarah was followed onto court by Hall , who only managed three games against Emmons , a result which ensured that the United States won the Cup for the 16th time in 19 contests .
sarah was followed onto court by hall , who only managed three games against emmons , a result which [made sure] that the united states won the cup for the 16th time in 19 contests .

Interested parties will find in it an array of ( other people 's ) opinion that can be dazzling , for postmodern methodology has ensured that a little bit of everything ( from a quartermaster 's appraisal of the value of art to a consideration of Santa Barbara 's peacocks ) is included .
interested parties will find in it an array of ( other people 's ) opinion that can be dazzling , for postmodern methodology has [made sure] that a little bit of everything ( from a quartermaster 's appraisal of the value of art to a consideration of santa barbara 's peacocks ) is included .

Although the invitation was surprisingly withdrawn the following day , Sweden had ensured that some free trade momentum would be maintained .
although the invitation was surprisingly withdrawn the following day , sweden had [made sure] that some free trade momentum would be maintained .

The years of research that went into preparing the Tests have ensured that they are accurate with all students from elementary level upwards .
the years of research that went into preparing the tests have [made sure] that they are accurate with all students from elementary level upwards .

Even then Chaplin avoided being too socially specific , for over and above this there was his own never quite fully adult quality and his essential reliance on mime technique and silence which ensured that he remained a fairy-tale symbol and never became a real-life person .
even then chaplin avoided being too socially specific , for over and above this there was his own never quite fully adult quality and his essential reliance on mime technique and silence which [made sure] that he remained a fairy-tale symbol and never became a real-life person .

Indeed for Beaton there had been no suggestion of acting for Spencer Tracy , George Raft , and John Wray had ensured that the movie was ‘ peopled with human beings ’ .
indeed for beaton there had been no suggestion of acting for spencer tracy , george raft , and john wray had [made sure] that the movie was ‘ peopled with human beings ’ .

To Daugherty this trick ensured that the audience ‘ automatically became his ally ’ and it was all therefore very much ‘ a matter of showmanship ’ .
to daugherty this trick [made sure] that the audience ‘ automatically became his ally ’ and it was all therefore very much ‘ a matter of showmanship ’ .

Even in the years of floundering and experimentation , Hollywood had ensured that the use of contemporary settings , themes , and issues had been largely governed by conventional dramatic or commercial needs .
even in the years of floundering and experimentation , hollywood had [made sure] that the use of contemporary settings , themes , and issues had been largely governed by conventional dramatic or commercial needs .

To achieve this aim a curriculum should be formulated which took into account the needs and expectations of society , ensured continuity of the education process throughout the years of compulsory schooling and the importance of the coherence of subject disciplines .
to achieve this aim a curriculum should be formulated which took into account the needs and expectations of society , [made sure] continuity of the education process throughout the years of compulsory schooling and the importance of the coherence of subject disciplines .

He was a black man raised in poverty , but who used his initiative , wit and boxing skill to rise to prominence , command multi-million dollar pay days and criticize the ‘ man and the system ’ which ensured him such monies !
he was a black man raised in poverty , but who used his initiative , wit and boxing skill to rise to prominence , command multi-million dollar pay days and criticize the ‘ man and the system ’ which [made sure] him such monies !

The ‘ racialization , of British politics throughout the last 20 years has ensured that most areas of public debate — law and order , the welfare state , unemployment , youth , education , the inner cities , the family — now have a racial dimension and often one in which black communities , but especially black youth , appear as threats in a wider demonology of scroungers , shirkers , muggers , drug pushers , school failures and inadequate parents ( Hall et al .
the ‘ racialization , of british politics throughout the last 20 years has [made sure] that most areas of public debate — law and order , the welfare state , unemployment , youth , education , the inner cities , the family — now have a racial dimension and often one in which black communities , but especially black youth , appear as threats in a wider demonology of scroungers , shirkers , muggers , drug pushers , school failures and inadequate parents ( hall et al .

By turning a blind eye to the activities of moderate Puritan laymen and clergy while at the same time dealing harshly with Presbyterian extremists , king and archbishop ensured that the first fifteen years of Abbot 's primacy were some of the most tranquil in the religious sphere during the entire century following the break with Rome ( see Chapter 7 ) .
by turning a blind eye to the activities of moderate puritan laymen and clergy while at the same time dealing harshly with presbyterian extremists , king and archbishop [made sure] that the first fifteen years of abbot 's primacy were some of the most tranquil in the religious sphere during the entire century following the break with rome ( see chapter 7 ) .

These modifications virtually ensured that Germany could not win the ensuing battle and would ultimately lose the war .
these modifications virtually [made sure] that germany could not win the ensuing battle and would ultimately lose the war .

Firstly , we need to recall that a feature of modernity is that infant mortality rates have dropped , people live longer , and medicine and improved diet have ensured that we have healthy populations .
firstly , we need to recall that a feature of modernity is that infant mortality rates have dropped , people live longer , and medicine and improved diet have [made sure] that we have healthy populations .

His substitute and colleague , ensured that the dance floor was filled all night with dancers young and not so young enjoying a varied programme , leaving the floor reluctantly at 12.30am .
his substitute and colleague , [made sure] that the dance floor was filled all night with dancers young and not so young enjoying a varied programme , leaving the floor reluctantly at 12.30am .

Either would have regarded it as a special achievement and in either the semi-democratic command structure would have ensured that a number of men would have participated in the decision where to detonate it .
either would have regarded it as a special achievement and in either the semi-democratic command structure would have [made sure] that a number of men would have participated in the decision where to detonate it .

However , the growth of economic nationalism on a world-wide scale during the war , the re-drawing of the political map of Europe , the effect of the Versailles Treaty , and the large debt due to the Americans to help pay for the war , all ensured that the freedom of action to expand welfare was strictly limited .
however , the growth of economic nationalism on a world-wide scale during the war , the re-drawing of the political map of europe , the effect of the versailles treaty , and the large debt due to the americans to help pay for the war , all [made sure] that the freedom of action to expand welfare was strictly limited .

‘ Its success can only be ensured by a maximum effort from all those willing and able to work to that end .
‘ its success can only be [made sure] by a maximum effort from all those willing and able to work to that end .

But the presence of Gladis Villalobos and other parents of disappeared people ensured the tragic reality was not forgotten .
but the presence of gladis villalobos and other parents of disappeared people [made sure] the tragic reality was not forgotten .

The wistful look back to the glorious and not-so-glorious age of steam has ensured that there has been a rush to print off books about the railwayman 's experience .
the wistful look back to the glorious and not-so-glorious age of steam has [made sure] that there has been a rush to print off books about the railwayman 's experience .

Political stability was ensured by a superficially representative electoral system — Spain received universal manhood suffrage in 1887 — which in reality was far from democratic .
political stability was [made sure] by a superficially representative electoral system — spain received universal manhood suffrage in 1887 — which in reality was far from democratic .

His successful dealings with Mussolini and Hitler , necessary in order to get his forces across the Straits of Gibraltar to Spain , ensured him a relationship with the Nationalists ' powerful allies such as no other rebel commander came close to possessing .
his successful dealings with mussolini and hitler , necessary in order to get his forces across the straits of gibraltar to spain , [made sure] him a relationship with the nationalists ' powerful allies such as no other rebel commander came close to possessing .

It certainly ensured that they were heavily dependent on their permanent officials .
it certainly [made sure] that they were heavily dependent on their permanent officials .

It was a stroke of genius : The name ensured that black holes entered the mythology of science fiction .
it was a stroke of genius : the name [made sure] that black holes entered the mythology of science fiction .

Bingo , skittles , old-tyme Kung-fu , spitting at the chicken , all ensured that the club 's calendar was full for 370 days a year .
bingo , skittles , old-tyme kung-fu , spitting at the chicken , all [made sure] that the club 's calendar was full for 370 days a year .

What his co-religionists sometimes found it difficult to put up with , however , was his abrasive personality and haranguing manner , a combination which ensured fiery exchanges and injured feelings in the frequent communal meetings .
what his co-religionists sometimes found it difficult to put up with , however , was his abrasive personality and haranguing manner , a combination which [made sure] fiery exchanges and injured feelings in the frequent communal meetings .

But there was less confidence that rapid growth could be ensured and less assurance that the gaps between the really poor and the better-off workers could be narrowed by the traditional remedies .
but there was less confidence that rapid growth could be [made sure] and less assurance that the gaps between the really poor and the better-off workers could be narrowed by the traditional remedies .

They have ensured that competition for rural housing has been carried out on increasingly unequal terms and that the population of many villages has become more socially exclusive .
they have [made sure] that competition for rural housing has been carried out on increasingly unequal terms and that the population of many villages has become more socially exclusive .

For some farmers and landowners the major impact of the newcomers has therefore been political rather than social , for their arrival in the village has ensured that landownership is no longer the automatic passport to the political domination of the countryside that it was once considered to be .
for some farmers and landowners the major impact of the newcomers has therefore been political rather than social , for their arrival in the village has [made sure] that landownership is no longer the automatic passport to the political domination of the countryside that it was once considered to be .

This arrangement ensured that , once a week , both women had an evening and a night off , followed by a leisurely rise the next morning .
this arrangement [made sure] that , once a week , both women had an evening and a night off , followed by a leisurely rise the next morning .

The Government has ensured , therefore , that if a person enters his or her name on the register in order to vote , he or she will also be billed for the poll tax .
the government has [made sure] , therefore , that if a person enters his or her name on the register in order to vote , he or she will also be billed for the poll tax .

The participative nature of Pilkingtons ' job analysis was vital in managing the change process because it ensured the practicality of work reorganization , while positive gains were made in commitment by relying on employee representatives .
the participative nature of pilkingtons ' job analysis was vital in managing the change process because it [made sure] the practicality of work reorganization , while positive gains were made in commitment by relying on employee representatives .

In turn , these tended to become complex and ambiguous images such that , as anthropomor-phized animals , they could represent the transformation of human and animal forms ( Vastokas 1978 ) , or through the focus upon the mouth could illustrate the principle of voracity according to which human killing and eating of animals ensured the cyclic reproduction of all life in the world ( Walens 1981 ) .
in turn , these tended to become complex and ambiguous images such that , as anthropomor-phized animals , they could represent the transformation of human and animal forms ( vastokas 1978 ) , or through the focus upon the mouth could illustrate the principle of voracity according to which human killing and eating of animals [made sure] the cyclic reproduction of all life in the world ( walens 1981 ) .

The villages were patrolled by company uniformed ‘ policemen ’ whose ‘ duties were primarily concerned with the maintenance of the appearance of the village , keeping the lawns tidy and litter off the streets , for example ’ ( Waller , 1983 , p. 98 ) , but Waller 's respondents also reported company ‘ policemen ’ who watched over children 's play , recorded untidy properties ( ‘ It seems clear that the threat of dismissal was thought to hang over men who did not keep their gardens tidy in several villages ’ — p. 100 ) , and ensured that dogs were not kept as pets ( thus preventing the men from engaging in the popular contemporary sport among miners of training and racing greyhounds and whippets ) .
the villages were patrolled by company uniformed ‘ policemen ’ whose ‘ duties were primarily concerned with the maintenance of the appearance of the village , keeping the lawns tidy and litter off the streets , for example ’ ( waller , 1983 , p. 98 ) , but waller 's respondents also reported company ‘ policemen ’ who watched over children 's play , recorded untidy properties ( ‘ it seems clear that the threat of dismissal was thought to hang over men who did not keep their gardens tidy in several villages ’ — p. 100 ) , and [made sure] that dogs were not kept as pets ( thus preventing the men from engaging in the popular contemporary sport among miners of training and racing greyhounds and whippets ) .

The Japanese committee 's work ensured that at launch there were 17 different discs available , including a multilingual dictionary bundled with the first players sold .
the japanese committee 's work [made sure] that at launch there were 17 different discs available , including a multilingual dictionary bundled with the first players sold .

But this has also ensured that when these structures become racialized , elders and women become mobilized around the defence of public proprieties while male youth become locked in struggles for territorial dominance .
but this has also [made sure] that when these structures become racialized , elders and women become mobilized around the defence of public proprieties while male youth become locked in struggles for territorial dominance .

For ancient Egyptians the careful preservation of the deceased and his tomb ensured success in the after-life .
for ancient egyptians the careful preservation of the deceased and his tomb [made sure] success in the after-life .

Since our first arrival here , their Seductive Highnesses had flirted with us as consistently as had their father ensured that we were together only during public occasions .
since our first arrival here , their seductive highnesses had flirted with us as consistently as had their father [made sure] that we were together only during public occasions .

Once herbs are in place , and you have ensured a good start to their lives with properly prepared soil and the right planting technique , there is little more to do .
once herbs are in place , and you have [made sure] a good start to their lives with properly prepared soil and the right planting technique , there is little more to do .

Privacy can be ensured , and warmth collected , in the shelter they provide .
privacy can be [made sure] , and warmth collected , in the shelter they provide .

The aromatic strength of the leaves has ensured a good deal of domestic and perfumery use , and it is also decorative , its pale blue flowers lasting many weeks and being much visited by bees .
the aromatic strength of the leaves has [made sure] a good deal of domestic and perfumery use , and it is also decorative , its pale blue flowers lasting many weeks and being much visited by bees .

By its control of entry into the profession , it has maintained a shortage of doctors and so ensured high rewards for medical services .
by its control of entry into the profession , it has maintained a shortage of doctors and so [made sure] high rewards for medical services .

After 1881 birth rates fell ; this , combined with continuing out-migration , ensured the decline of rural population .
after 1881 birth rates fell ; this , combined with continuing out-migration , [made sure] the decline of rural population .

Its relative cheapness combined with its decorative qualities ensured widespread local use for popular jewellery .
its relative cheapness combined with its decorative qualities [made sure] widespread local use for popular jewellery .

Greater continuity of supply could be ensured only by mining .
greater continuity of supply could be [made sure] only by mining .

Its scarcity contributed to its status as the most universally accepted precious substance , but this only ensured that unceasing efforts were made to reduce scarcity by increasing supplies .
its scarcity contributed to its status as the most universally accepted precious substance , but this only [made sure] that unceasing efforts were made to reduce scarcity by increasing supplies .

When the Cullinan diamond of 3,106 carats was recovered from the Premier Mine , Pretoria , its size and quality ensured at that time only one destination , the regalia of the king-emperor .
when the cullinan diamond of 3,106 carats was recovered from the premier mine , pretoria , its size and quality [made sure] at that time only one destination , the regalia of the king-emperor .

Whereas for Marxist-Leninists , the nationalization of property in the hands of a workers ' State ensured that through the institutions which represented them — the State , the party , the soviets and the trade unions — the working masses were now in command , for libertarians this represented little more than a ‘ change of guard ’ .
whereas for marxist-leninists , the nationalization of property in the hands of a workers ' state [made sure] that through the institutions which represented them — the state , the party , the soviets and the trade unions — the working masses were now in command , for libertarians this represented little more than a ‘ change of guard ’ .

What ensured that inchoate proletarian protest would yield a conscious revolutionary movement was the creation of a genuine revolutionary Marxist party , Lenin 's ‘ party of a new type ’ .
what [made sure] that inchoate proletarian protest would yield a conscious revolutionary movement was the creation of a genuine revolutionary marxist party , lenin 's ‘ party of a new type ’ .

True , workers ' protest moved in close correlation with the business cycle , rising as demand for labour rose , falling with mass unemployment ; and the rapid turnover of workers in the pre-war period ensured considerable ebb and flow in the movement .
true , workers ' protest moved in close correlation with the business cycle , rising as demand for labour rose , falling with mass unemployment ; and the rapid turnover of workers in the pre-war period [made sure] considerable ebb and flow in the movement .

The franchise reform of June 1907 ensured a preponderance of landowners in the Third and Fourth Dumas .
the franchise reform of june 1907 [made sure] a preponderance of landowners in the third and fourth dumas .

Official and unofficial anti-Semitism ensured that educated Jews faced the greatest obstacles to entering a satisfying career .
official and unofficial anti-semitism [made sure] that educated jews faced the greatest obstacles to entering a satisfying career .

It was in strict quarantine , and the Navy weapons systems stationed around it in space ensured that no one would ever achieve a landing there .
it was in strict quarantine , and the navy weapons systems stationed around it in space [made sure] that no one would ever achieve a landing there .

Rostov remembered the ring of plasma weapons which ensured that Tarvaras was forever isolated , but he said nothing .
rostov remembered the ring of plasma weapons which [made sure] that tarvaras was forever isolated , but he said nothing .

In that bizarre way which again and again seemed to link imperialism and social reform ( sometimes as allies , sometimes as competitors ) , it seemed to some that Britain would only be able to sustain its Empire if she ensured that the new generation of children , tomorrow 's Imperial Army , was properly nourished .
in that bizarre way which again and again seemed to link imperialism and social reform ( sometimes as allies , sometimes as competitors ) , it seemed to some that britain would only be able to sustain its empire if she [made sure] that the new generation of children , tomorrow 's imperial army , was properly nourished .

The terms under which children could be received into care were considerably widened , the methods of care were made more sensitive to the needs of children and the unified administrative structure ensured more uniform standards of care over the country .
the terms under which children could be received into care were considerably widened , the methods of care were made more sensitive to the needs of children and the unified administrative structure [made sure] more uniform standards of care over the country .

The growth of retirement and , more recently , early retirement has ensured that an increasing proportion of older people have been excluded from the labour force over the course of this century .
the growth of retirement and , more recently , early retirement has [made sure] that an increasing proportion of older people have been excluded from the labour force over the course of this century .

Such practices reflect pre-war pension policies which , from the point at which women first began to enter white-collar employment , were clearly geared towards the recruitment of successive cohorts of low-paid young women for routine duties , a rapid turnover being ensured via the marriage bar .
such practices reflect pre-war pension policies which , from the point at which women first began to enter white-collar employment , were clearly geared towards the recruitment of successive cohorts of low-paid young women for routine duties , a rapid turnover being [made sure] via the marriage bar .

However , even where , as in many public sector occupations , membership of an employer 's pension scheme was ( until 1988 ) automatic for permanent full-time staff , including women , horizontal segregation ensured that women , typically , ended their working lives with lower pension benefits than their male colleagues .
however , even where , as in many public sector occupations , membership of an employer 's pension scheme was ( until 1988 ) automatic for permanent full-time staff , including women , horizontal segregation [made sure] that women , typically , ended their working lives with lower pension benefits than their male colleagues .

Since the wealthy are also likely to be more healthy the scheme also reduces equity of access ; the more healthy are ensured privileged access to health care at the expense of those whose need is greater .
since the wealthy are also likely to be more healthy the scheme also reduces equity of access ; the more healthy are [made sure] privileged access to health care at the expense of those whose need is greater .

Since 1991 health authorities are meant to have ensured that mentally ill people who need continuing care are monitored on formal care programmes .
since 1991 health authorities are meant to have [made sure] that mentally ill people who need continuing care are monitored on formal care programmes .

It has also ensured that some of the proposals , particularly those concerned with improving access to health services , have been incorporated into the federal budget plans for 1992–3 and the five yearly hospital funding agreements between state and federal governments .
it has also [made sure] that some of the proposals , particularly those concerned with improving access to health services , have been incorporated into the federal budget plans for 1992–3 and the five yearly hospital funding agreements between state and federal governments .

Prompting in Islington also ensured very high levels of specific diabetes assessments , comparing favourably with the most comprehensive levels of care reported from hospital clinics and from general practitioner miniclinic care .
prompting in islington also [made sure] very high levels of specific diabetes assessments , comparing favourably with the most comprehensive levels of care reported from hospital clinics and from general practitioner miniclinic care .

They include : domiciliary support and mundane practical help ensuring contact between individuals and services ensuring contact between the range of staff contributing to care a structured `` care process `` the active coordination of case management the development of service schemes the mobilisation of informal and voluntary care resources One might add , as well , that the contribution of service users and their carers to the provision of care is to be acknowledged and their participation ensured .
they include : domiciliary support and mundane practical help ensuring contact between individuals and services ensuring contact between the range of staff contributing to care a structured `` care process `` the active coordination of case management the development of service schemes the mobilisation of informal and voluntary care resources one might add , as well , that the contribution of service users and their carers to the provision of care is to be acknowledged and their participation [made sure] .

The Commission had hardly begun its deliberations when public concern and political pressure ensured that it was asked `` to investigate and report similarly upon the condition and education of the Deaf and Dumb . ``
the commission had hardly begun its deliberations when public concern and political pressure [made sure] that it was asked `` to investigate and report similarly upon the condition and education of the deaf and dumb . ``

It is assumed that a particular 's individuality , its numerical distinctness from any other existent , is ensured by the spatial location it happens to occupy at any given time .
it is assumed that a particular 's individuality , its numerical distinctness from any other existent , is [made sure] by the spatial location it happens to occupy at any given time .

The pluralist arguments , on the other hand , are designed to show that the possibility of such criteria is ensured by the existence of logically irreducible relations ; or by the existence of irreducibly relational , and hence essentially `` pluralistically committed `` , properties .
the pluralist arguments , on the other hand , are designed to show that the possibility of such criteria is [made sure] by the existence of logically irreducible relations ; or by the existence of irreducibly relational , and hence essentially `` pluralistically committed `` , properties .

Adolf Hitler 's ruthless occupation policy across Europe and the discovery of the concentration camps ensured that Germans were loathed and hated and the destruction they suffered was seen as deserved .
adolf hitler 's ruthless occupation policy across europe and the discovery of the concentration camps [made sure] that germans were loathed and hated and the destruction they suffered was seen as deserved .

The need for German support ensured that the Allies ' original determination , to exact vengeance for wartime sufferings , melted away .
the need for german support [made sure] that the allies ' original determination , to exact vengeance for wartime sufferings , melted away .

The argument in favour of a divided profession which found favour with the Royal Commission was that the existence of a separate branch of the profession ensured that there was a body of specialist advocates available to all solicitors , which would be dispersed if the two branches were fused .
the argument in favour of a divided profession which found favour with the royal commission was that the existence of a separate branch of the profession [made sure] that there was a body of specialist advocates available to all solicitors , which would be dispersed if the two branches were fused .

The one act , as we shall see below , curbed some over-exuberant royal justices ; the other ensured that plaintiffs in the courts Christian could challenge the writ of prohibition before the king 's chief justice or the chancellor .
the one act , as we shall see below , curbed some over-exuberant royal justices ; the other [made sure] that plaintiffs in the courts christian could challenge the writ of prohibition before the king 's chief justice or the chancellor .

An arrangement between the West Wales Naturalists ' Trust and the Highway Authorities had ensured that the vegetation would be treated with the respect it deserves .
an arrangement between the west wales naturalists ' trust and the highway authorities had [made sure] that the vegetation would be treated with the respect it deserves .

She echoed her father 's assurance , ensured another place at table .
she echoed her father 's assurance , [made sure] another place at table .

Wilson 's reputation as a talent scout ensured that she was not out in the cold for long .
wilson 's reputation as a talent scout [made sure] that she was not out in the cold for long .

However , the proximity of Mr. Tee to Winchester , as it was perceived by Norwich , did cause concern to Norwich , and on 11 May they wrote to the applicant , requesting that he ensured ‘ that [ Mr. Tee ] does not attend Winchester Group 's premises or is in any way involved with the running of the business .
however , the proximity of mr. tee to winchester , as it was perceived by norwich , did cause concern to norwich , and on 11 may they wrote to the applicant , requesting that he [made sure] ‘ that [ mr. tee ] does not attend winchester group 's premises or is in any way involved with the running of the business .

She had flattered his self-esteem , protected him from the minor irritations of life , preserved his privacy with maternal pugnacity , had ensured , with infinite tact , that he knew all he needed to know about what was going on in his Laboratory .
she had flattered his self-esteem , protected him from the minor irritations of life , preserved his privacy with maternal pugnacity , had [made sure] , with infinite tact , that he knew all he needed to know about what was going on in his laboratory .

The only way that can be ensured , as the Minister recognised in our debate on pension schemes , is if the buy-outs are given a real opportunity to succeed .
the only way that can be [made sure] , as the minister recognised in our debate on pension schemes , is if the buy-outs are given a real opportunity to succeed .

Equally , it must be ensured that other pupils do not see such a change as a precedent which they can then seek to exploit .
equally , it must be [made sure] that other pupils do not see such a change as a precedent which they can then seek to exploit .

But the more procedures which eliminated middlemen ensured that the price of the finished product could be reduced .
but the more procedures which eliminated middlemen [made sure] that the price of the finished product could be reduced .

No marketing and no forecasting ensured huge flexibility .
no marketing and no forecasting [made sure] huge flexibility .

Such heightened public concern for the environment in 1969 ensured the emergence of the environment as a political issue .
such heightened public concern for the environment in 1969 [made sure] the emergence of the environment as a political issue .

As Alexander ( 1982 , p. 30 ) notes , agency agreements , superimposed ‘ on an already complicated allocation ’ of local authority functions , have added to the confusion experienced by consumers in service provision and ‘ ensured that the processes of public accountability and democratic control would be so convoluted as to raise serious doubts about their effectiveness ’ .
as alexander ( 1982 , p. 30 ) notes , agency agreements , superimposed ‘ on an already complicated allocation ’ of local authority functions , have added to the confusion experienced by consumers in service provision and ‘ [made sure] that the processes of public accountability and democratic control would be so convoluted as to raise serious doubts about their effectiveness ’ .

This dominance of the political level ensured that the state and its policies were always an instrument of class rule .
this dominance of the political level [made sure] that the state and its policies were always an instrument of class rule .

The control which the elite exercises is ensured by their moral and material superiority , and the distinction between the elite and the powerless majority results from this .
the control which the elite exercises is [made sure] by their moral and material superiority , and the distinction between the elite and the powerless majority results from this .

and the need for an ensured market for products is so important to recoup costs , that government contracting has become of crucial importance to the survival of large corporations .
and the need for an [made sure] market for products is so important to recoup costs , that government contracting has become of crucial importance to the survival of large corporations .

In this paper , animal behaviour , in particular learning and memory , has been reduced to the behaviour of proteins , whether individual or assembled in superstructures … the interplay of billions of such molecular events , ensured by appropriate wiring , brings about complex forms of learning in animals and in man .
in this paper , animal behaviour , in particular learning and memory , has been reduced to the behaviour of proteins , whether individual or assembled in superstructures … the interplay of billions of such molecular events , [made sure] by appropriate wiring , brings about complex forms of learning in animals and in man .

The wobbling but persistent angle between earth 's axis and ecliptic ( Figure 1.2 ) has ensured that , though not always icy , polar regions have always been strongly seasonal .
the wobbling but persistent angle between earth 's axis and ecliptic ( figure 1.2 ) has [made sure] that , though not always icy , polar regions have always been strongly seasonal .

In some cases a carefully monitored rolling programme ensured that over a given period of time , say a week or a fortnight , the teacher engaged directly with every child in every area of the curriculum ; but in other cases the inequality of investment was not adjusted in this way , and the result was the persistent neglect of certain children and certain areas of the curriculum .
in some cases a carefully monitored rolling programme [made sure] that over a given period of time , say a week or a fortnight , the teacher engaged directly with every child in every area of the curriculum ; but in other cases the inequality of investment was not adjusted in this way , and the result was the persistent neglect of certain children and certain areas of the curriculum .

Since local councils borrowed to finance virtually all their capital expenditure , permission to borrow was used by central departments to set the total capital spending limits for local authorities , determine national service priorities for capital spending , and set common design standards and cost yardsticks which ensured a tight degree of economy in capital projects .
since local councils borrowed to finance virtually all their capital expenditure , permission to borrow was used by central departments to set the total capital spending limits for local authorities , determine national service priorities for capital spending , and set common design standards and cost yardsticks which [made sure] a tight degree of economy in capital projects .

Perón 's capacity to deliver the tangible benefits that established unions working against the state apparatus could not hope to obtain for their members ( labour 's share of the national income increased by twenty-five per cent between 1946 and 1950 ) ensured that the loyalties of massive sectors of the post-1955 labour movement were to Peronism rather than to Communism or socialism .
perón 's capacity to deliver the tangible benefits that established unions working against the state apparatus could not hope to obtain for their members ( labour 's share of the national income increased by twenty-five per cent between 1946 and 1950 ) [made sure] that the loyalties of massive sectors of the post-1955 labour movement were to peronism rather than to communism or socialism .

Except that they did not go , as promised , to the Rotunda , but went instead to a rival attraction advertised in Saunder 's News-Letter & Daily Advertiser : one , indeed , which ensured that Monsieur Jerricault 's Great Picture did not triumph in Dublin as it had done in London .
except that they did not go , as promised , to the rotunda , but went instead to a rival attraction advertised in saunder 's news-letter & daily advertiser : one , indeed , which [made sure] that monsieur jerricault 's great picture did not triumph in dublin as it had done in london .

Who ensured that Noah 's mountain of all mountains would be blessed each day with a halo of cloud ?
who [made sure] that noah 's mountain of all mountains would be blessed each day with a halo of cloud ?

In Textermination the variety of reading experiences is ensured by the fact that for each reader the ‘ gaps of indeterminacy ’ will be different .
in textermination the variety of reading experiences is [made sure] by the fact that for each reader the ‘ gaps of indeterminacy ’ will be different .

The final fete of the year was held at the Plymouth Hoe on 20 July , where fine weather and crowds of people ensured much support for local charities and boosted club finds .
the final fete of the year was held at the plymouth hoe on 20 july , where fine weather and crowds of people [made sure] much support for local charities and boosted club finds .

This legislation ensured that the whole of Britain has been subject to compulsory land planning based on the application of two simple practices : the preparation ( including revision and updating ) of plans for the future allocation of land uses , and the control of development to accord with the provisions of those plans .
this legislation [made sure] that the whole of britain has been subject to compulsory land planning based on the application of two simple practices : the preparation ( including revision and updating ) of plans for the future allocation of land uses , and the control of development to accord with the provisions of those plans .

These professional barriers ensured that there would be little interaction even when the disciplines were working on parallel problems .
these professional barriers [made sure] that there would be little interaction even when the disciplines were working on parallel problems .

But Holly 's presence ensured she could do neither .
but holly 's presence [made sure] she could do neither .

The conductor saw Donna to her seat and ensured she was comfortable .
the conductor saw donna to her seat and [made sure] she was comfortable .

Having decided what sort of images you want to incorporate into your publication , and ensured that they exist in a form that the publishing package can understand , the next problem is that of positioning them .
having decided what sort of images you want to incorporate into your publication , and [made sure] that they exist in a form that the publishing package can understand , the next problem is that of positioning them .

Pre-planning had ensured that , from day one , we had a fully computerised subscription fulfillment system and a means to record information about potential subscribers .
pre-planning had [made sure] that , from day one , we had a fully computerised subscription fulfillment system and a means to record information about potential subscribers .

Warders on each of the individual landings also ensured that silence prevailed as he spoke .
warders on each of the individual landings also [made sure] that silence prevailed as he spoke .

They , at least , had ensured that the cocaine shipment was safely on its way .
they , at least , had [made sure] that the cocaine shipment was safely on its way .

This was essentially a gentle action and it ensured that as little corn as possible would be shed and lost on the ground .
this was essentially a gentle action and it [made sure] that as little corn as possible would be shed and lost on the ground .

In particular , the advent of the railways ensured that fresh fish , meat , and dairy produce could be speedily transported to urban centres .
in particular , the advent of the railways [made sure] that fresh fish , meat , and dairy produce could be speedily transported to urban centres .

His depth of vision , grasp of essentials , logical thinking , and the intuition by which he seemed to sense what was in the minds of those about him always ensured the best results .
his depth of vision , grasp of essentials , logical thinking , and the intuition by which he seemed to sense what was in the minds of those about him always [made sure] the best results .

Outside the diocese his cosmopolitan early training ensured that he was much in demand as a diplomat .
outside the diocese his cosmopolitan early training [made sure] that he was much in demand as a diplomat .

By the end of the war he accounted for thirty-five more spies to complete a wartime record which impressed the general staff and ensured the continuance of his organization into the peace , though on a much reduced basis from his final wartime strength of 800 .
by the end of the war he accounted for thirty-five more spies to complete a wartime record which impressed the general staff and [made sure] the continuance of his organization into the peace , though on a much reduced basis from his final wartime strength of 800 .

The discovery of oil in significant quantities ensured the successful formation of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company on 14 April 1909 , and marked the birth of the oil industry of the Middle East .
the discovery of oil in significant quantities [made sure] the successful formation of the anglo-persian oil company on 14 april 1909 , and marked the birth of the oil industry of the middle east .

An initiative by him in 1944 ensured that the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , would return to its proper activities after wartime use as a dancehall .
an initiative by him in 1944 [made sure] that the royal opera house , covent garden , would return to its proper activities after wartime use as a dancehall .

, head of the Meteorological Department established under the Board of Trade in 1854 , and FitzRoy ensured its acceptance within Britain by including it in his series of Meteorological Papers .
, head of the meteorological department established under the board of trade in 1854 , and fitzroy [made sure] its acceptance within britain by including it in his series of meteorological papers .

He particularly championed the ‘ step-by-step ’ policy which ensured the automatic adoption in Northern Ireland of the main British cash social services .
he particularly championed the ‘ step-by-step ’ policy which [made sure] the automatic adoption in northern ireland of the main british cash social services .

Somerset then cleared a buffer zone east of the Fish river ; but a later decision to allow a military settlement there ensured further conflict .
somerset then cleared a buffer zone east of the fish river ; but a later decision to allow a military settlement there [made sure] further conflict .

He took over a small department and greatly expanded it , planning a large new building , which ensured further expansion .
he took over a small department and greatly expanded it , planning a large new building , which [made sure] further expansion .

issued a licence for the conversion , which ensured the survival of at least part of the great abbey .
issued a licence for the conversion , which [made sure] the survival of at least part of the great abbey .

He published a number of articles on optics , petrology , and palaeontology , largely in the Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal ; and , although his many innovations did not receive the recognition they deserved , his eponymous prism ensured that his name was not forgotten .
he published a number of articles on optics , petrology , and palaeontology , largely in the edinburgh new philosophical journal ; and , although his many innovations did not receive the recognition they deserved , his eponymous prism [made sure] that his name was not forgotten .

William Edwards , who died in Halifax in January 1808 , was characterized by his final obituarist in the Gentleman 's Magazine as ‘ of no common estimation for the energies of his mind ’ and his creative approach to bookbinding has ensured that his name will remain esteemed by collectors and historians of the book .
william edwards , who died in halifax in january 1808 , was characterized by his final obituarist in the gentleman 's magazine as ‘ of no common estimation for the energies of his mind ’ and his creative approach to bookbinding has [made sure] that his name will remain esteemed by collectors and historians of the book .

Internal party reforms in recent years have ensured that the delegates to American party conventions are more representative of the population as a whole , with increased numbers of young people , ethnic minorities and women participating .
internal party reforms in recent years have [made sure] that the delegates to american party conventions are more representative of the population as a whole , with increased numbers of young people , ethnic minorities and women participating .

The coincidence of the decolonization process with the development of Cold War antagonism ensured , however , that the immediate impact was experienced primarily in terms of superpower competition for influence in the newly independent states .
the coincidence of the decolonization process with the development of cold war antagonism [made sure] , however , that the immediate impact was experienced primarily in terms of superpower competition for influence in the newly independent states .

The Soviet interest in undermining Western military influence in the Southeast Asian states also ensured a positive Soviet reception for a proposal by Prince Sihanouk at the end of 1962 for an agreement on international guarantees of the neutrality of Cambodia on the model of Laos .
the soviet interest in undermining western military influence in the southeast asian states also [made sure] a positive soviet reception for a proposal by prince sihanouk at the end of 1962 for an agreement on international guarantees of the neutrality of cambodia on the model of laos .

These considerations ensured that the Soviet plan would be rejected by the West , a rejection confirmed once the new American administration under Reagan was installed on 20 January .
these considerations [made sure] that the soviet plan would be rejected by the west , a rejection confirmed once the new american administration under reagan was installed on 20 january .

According to a Pakistani commentary , Shahi appeared to be suggesting that once the neutrality of the area was ensured by the regional states pursuing a policy of strict non-alignment , the superpowers could perhaps be persuaded to work towards some sort of mutual accommodation .
according to a pakistani commentary , shahi appeared to be suggesting that once the neutrality of the area was [made sure] by the regional states pursuing a policy of strict non-alignment , the superpowers could perhaps be persuaded to work towards some sort of mutual accommodation .

When such material is used it must be ensured that it conforms approximately in density and shape with the natural beach material .
when such material is used it must be [made sure] that it conforms approximately in density and shape with the natural beach material .

These staff have also reported to the Chief Administrative Officer , which has ensured seamless integration between modular and non-modular data processing .
these staff have also reported to the chief administrative officer , which has [made sure] seamless integration between modular and non-modular data processing .

By that time , however , refrigeration techniques had ensured that meat could be brought from much further afield : beef from North and South America , mutton from Australia and New Zealand .
by that time , however , refrigeration techniques had [made sure] that meat could be brought from much further afield : beef from north and south america , mutton from australia and new zealand .

The particular suitability of railways to carry bulk minerals like coal cheaply has ensured that the connection between the railways and such minerals has been maintained to the present day .
the particular suitability of railways to carry bulk minerals like coal cheaply has [made sure] that the connection between the railways and such minerals has been maintained to the present day .

But Alfred was a pharmacist ; would he have chosen such a terrible death when a narcotic drug would have ensured a tranquil wait for the ferryman and a smooth crossing ?
but alfred was a pharmacist ; would he have chosen such a terrible death when a narcotic drug would have [made sure] a tranquil wait for the ferryman and a smooth crossing ?

Living in such a rural community ensured that no one escaped the news .
living in such a rural community [made sure] that no one escaped the news .

This has ensured that the video is up to date , as well as giving me a few more grey hairs !
this has [made sure] that the video is up to date , as well as giving me a few more grey hairs !

They will undermine all the planning which has ensured that the integration of the city and the rest of the region was the basis of Lothian 's economic success .
they will undermine all the planning which has [made sure] that the integration of the city and the rest of the region was the basis of lothian 's economic success .

By this judicious purchase , the National Library has ensured the preservation of a significant cartographic collection for posterity .
by this judicious purchase , the national library has [made sure] the preservation of a significant cartographic collection for posterity .

Both of these books have been hailed as classics of the anti-imperialist school of historiography and their publication ensured that ‘ the posture of splendid moral isolation ’ , so typified in the historical view of British slave emancipation , would no longer be tolerated .
both of these books have been hailed as classics of the anti-imperialist school of historiography and their publication [made sure] that ‘ the posture of splendid moral isolation ’ , so typified in the historical view of british slave emancipation , would no longer be tolerated .

Despite the limited time available to prepare the Consortium 's case , the tremendous commitment of everyone involved — local people , expert witnesses , Mrs Kent ( our solicitor ) , and Mr Burrell — ensured that the case , when presented , was a strong one .
despite the limited time available to prepare the consortium 's case , the tremendous commitment of everyone involved — local people , expert witnesses , mrs kent ( our solicitor ) , and mr burrell — [made sure] that the case , when presented , was a strong one .

We believe therefore , that inter-generational equity is best ensured though the adoption of a precautionary approach to developments such as quarrying and dredging .
we believe therefore , that inter-generational equity is best [made sure] though the adoption of a precautionary approach to developments such as quarrying and dredging .

The Government has wisely ensured that it has the powers , under section 116 of the Planning and Compensation Act , to amend this regime as it sees fit .
the government has wisely [made sure] that it has the powers , under section 116 of the planning and compensation act , to amend this regime as it sees fit .

We believe therefore , that inter-generational equity is best ensured though the adoption of a precautionary approach to developments such as quarrying and dredging .
we believe therefore , that inter-generational equity is best [made sure] though the adoption of a precautionary approach to developments such as quarrying and dredging .

The strength and quality of Guinness ensured that it survived the rigours of long sea voyages , whereas other beers went under .
the strength and quality of guinness [made sure] that it survived the rigours of long sea voyages , whereas other beers went under .

This change in attitude together with the problems of housing the vehicles , ensured the rock-bottom values which enabled to collect .
this change in attitude together with the problems of housing the vehicles , [made sure] the rock-bottom values which enabled to collect .

However , in order to maintain this defence , it must be shown that the publisher exercised `` all reasonable care in relation to the publication `` — which means that the publisher took steps to avoid obvious confusion , ensured that sources were checked and that familiar reference works were consulted .
however , in order to maintain this defence , it must be shown that the publisher exercised `` all reasonable care in relation to the publication `` — which means that the publisher took steps to avoid obvious confusion , [made sure] that sources were checked and that familiar reference works were consulted .

Much of the archaeological treasure house decayed , but its sheer scale , coupled with the preserving qualities of the warm dry climate , ensured that a consciousness survived , however much overlain by later political and cultural changes .
much of the archaeological treasure house decayed , but its sheer scale , coupled with the preserving qualities of the warm dry climate , [made sure] that a consciousness survived , however much overlain by later political and cultural changes .

There , her bright and bubbly personality had ensured that she was one of the most popular girls in her year .
there , her bright and bubbly personality had [made sure] that she was one of the most popular girls in her year .

Heavier plate ensured attachment to the fuselage and the team created a crude cradle for their baby .
heavier plate [made sure] attachment to the fuselage and the team created a crude cradle for their baby .

In the case of owner-occupiers the commission had the right of pre-emption on terms which ensured that the amount of the concession ( and future increases in development value ) accrued to it .
in the case of owner-occupiers the commission had the right of pre-emption on terms which [made sure] that the amount of the concession ( and future increases in development value ) accrued to it .

The 1972 Local Government Act ensured continuing Conservative control of suburban and rural areas .
the 1972 local government act [made sure] continuing conservative control of suburban and rural areas .

As screening procedures prior to recruitment had ensured that mentally ill or emotionally disturbed men were not enlisted , it was reasonable to see stress , rather than predisposition , to be of critical importance ( Weissman and Klerman , 1978 ) .
as screening procedures prior to recruitment had [made sure] that mentally ill or emotionally disturbed men were not enlisted , it was reasonable to see stress , rather than predisposition , to be of critical importance ( weissman and klerman , 1978 ) .

Quiet operation is ensured by using larger numbers of smaller ‘ teeth ’ on a number of pinions .
quiet operation is [made sure] by using larger numbers of smaller ‘ teeth ’ on a number of pinions .

coconut , in that pollination is thereby ensured in both open and closed habitats .
coconut , in that pollination is thereby [made sure] in both open and closed habitats .

’ she had ensured that Cara could fly to Barney certain of one thing , if nothing else : that , her word given , she would not let her down .
’ she had [made sure] that cara could fly to barney certain of one thing , if nothing else : that , her word given , she would not let her down .

For example , one vital task undertaken by the clerks was a quinquennial valuation which ensured that the company 's assets matched its actuarial liabilities .
for example , one vital task undertaken by the clerks was a quinquennial valuation which [made sure] that the company 's assets matched its actuarial liabilities .

And here is another one of the paradoxes of the Williams life , the closed compartments that ensured Ken was a different person to different people .
and here is another one of the paradoxes of the williams life , the closed compartments that [made sure] ken was a different person to different people .

In the course of time , economic and social pressures ensured that the coincidence of sufficient financial resources and professional potential was encountered with diminishing frequency .
in the course of time , economic and social pressures [made sure] that the coincidence of sufficient financial resources and professional potential was encountered with diminishing frequency .

Because the purpose tests outlined above need to be satisfied throughout Newco 's accounting period , it should be ensured that Newco 's objects clause in its Memorandum of Association clearly states that its purpose is either to trade , or to be a holding company of shares in a company or companies which it controls .
because the purpose tests outlined above need to be satisfied throughout newco 's accounting period , it should be [made sure] that newco 's objects clause in its memorandum of association clearly states that its purpose is either to trade , or to be a holding company of shares in a company or companies which it controls .

That same party 's majority in the House of Commons ensured that the government 's measures were approved .
that same party 's majority in the house of commons [made sure] that the government 's measures were approved .

By the twentieth century , the hegemony of government in the political process ensured that measures could be carried through Parliament without too much difficulty .
by the twentieth century , the hegemony of government in the political process [made sure] that measures could be carried through parliament without too much difficulty .

This ensured that all participants , when not presenting their own version , had before them the narratives of each of the other groups .
this [made sure] that all participants , when not presenting their own version , had before them the narratives of each of the other groups .

When Kenneth MacAlpin decreed that his capital should be moved to Scone he also ensured that the Stone of Destiny went with him .
when kenneth macalpin decreed that his capital should be moved to scone he also [made sure] that the stone of destiny went with him .

They had the ( grudging ) backing of their union and the pressure of their occupation ensured that the company left the machinery which allowed the workers to save 180 jobs .
they had the ( grudging ) backing of their union and the pressure of their occupation [made sure] that the company left the machinery which allowed the workers to save 180 jobs .

In Sutherland alone , one third of the population was evicted ( by burning down their homes in most cases ) to make way for sheep ranching and game shooting — which ensured in their turn that the pine forests would stand little chance of regenerating .
in sutherland alone , one third of the population was evicted ( by burning down their homes in most cases ) to make way for sheep ranching and game shooting — which [made sure] in their turn that the pine forests would stand little chance of regenerating .

The procedure followed ensured that only a certain response would disambiguate the message .
the procedure followed [made sure] that only a certain response would disambiguate the message .

And if there was any one reason which , more than any other , ensured his defeat at the ensuing general election , then surely it was the inability of the trade union movement to assume during what had therefore become the winter of discontent , the responsibility required of them as a justification of the power and influence they claimed .
and if there was any one reason which , more than any other , [made sure] his defeat at the ensuing general election , then surely it was the inability of the trade union movement to assume during what had therefore become the winter of discontent , the responsibility required of them as a justification of the power and influence they claimed .

It would have ensured that all member States were in an identical legal position and avoided the problem that some member States , but not all , might be separate parties to the particular treaty .
it would have [made sure] that all member states were in an identical legal position and avoided the problem that some member states , but not all , might be separate parties to the particular treaty .

The Republicans lost their narrow majority in Congress at the 1954 mid-term elections ; but Eisenhower 's personal popularity ensured that they retained the White House in 1956 , when he defeated Adlai Stephenson by an even greater margin than in 1952 .
the republicans lost their narrow majority in congress at the 1954 mid-term elections ; but eisenhower 's personal popularity [made sure] that they retained the white house in 1956 , when he defeated adlai stephenson by an even greater margin than in 1952 .

Nor could it be argued that private property ensured an efficient allocation of resources since the market no longer resembled the model of perfect competition .
nor could it be argued that private property [made sure] an efficient allocation of resources since the market no longer resembled the model of perfect competition .

And , secondly , company law set about the task of demonstrating that the power of corporate managers was not unlimited but was subject to checks and controls which ensured that it could not be used for the manager 's own purposes or for any other arbitrary end .
and , secondly , company law set about the task of demonstrating that the power of corporate managers was not unlimited but was subject to checks and controls which [made sure] that it could not be used for the manager 's own purposes or for any other arbitrary end .

The legal model which allocated powers to manage to the directors but vested ultimate control in the shareholders ensured that managers were adequately constrained .
the legal model which allocated powers to manage to the directors but vested ultimate control in the shareholders [made sure] that managers were adequately constrained .

Since shareholders controlled the company they should be entitled to the profits and the managers obliged to act in their interests , for this ensured that the shareholders had the incentive to exploit wealth-maximizing opportunities .
since shareholders controlled the company they should be entitled to the profits and the managers obliged to act in their interests , for this [made sure] that the shareholders had the incentive to exploit wealth-maximizing opportunities .

The fact that the pieces have lain for 300 years under the sea bed means that they are remarkably fresh while the tight settings have ensured that the inlaid stones are still in place .
the fact that the pieces have lain for 300 years under the sea bed means that they are remarkably fresh while the tight settings have [made sure] that the inlaid stones are still in place .

Women were to be in charge of domestic morality , and their moral influence was to be ensured by the rule of indissoluble monogamous marriage .
women were to be in charge of domestic morality , and their moral influence was to be [made sure] by the rule of indissoluble monogamous marriage .

This is hardly surprising , for there were very few museums , and the high cost of oriental rugs ensured that they were only affordable by the very rich , who were understandably not inclined to open up their houses to public view .
this is hardly surprising , for there were very few museums , and the high cost of oriental rugs [made sure] that they were only affordable by the very rich , who were understandably not inclined to open up their houses to public view .

The policy thus ensured the Woodvilles , and indeed Gloucester , a continuing place in government and makes it unnecessary to see the events of April 1483 in terms of an immediate power struggle .
the policy thus [made sure] the woodvilles , and indeed gloucester , a continuing place in government and makes it unnecessary to see the events of april 1483 in terms of an immediate power struggle .

The testimony of abandoned women to Henry Mayhew in the mid-nineteenth century indicated the breakdown of traditional contexts which had ensured marriage in the event of an unplanned pregnancy .
the testimony of abandoned women to henry mayhew in the mid-nineteenth century indicated the breakdown of traditional contexts which had [made sure] marriage in the event of an unplanned pregnancy .

The dictates of self-preservation often ensured that the respectable young working woman dissociated herself from the known prostitute , since association with prostitutes rendered a woman 's character suspect to the police and could lead to her name being placed on the registration list .
the dictates of self-preservation often [made sure] that the respectable young working woman dissociated herself from the known prostitute , since association with prostitutes rendered a woman 's character suspect to the police and could lead to her name being placed on the registration list .

Competency of officials is ensured by proper selection and training so that they can effectively carry out their obligations and responsibilities .
competency of officials is [made sure] by proper selection and training so that they can effectively carry out their obligations and responsibilities .

The criterion of simplicity could itself be referred , as it was by Newton , to a God who had ensured that nature did nothing in vain or , as it was by Michael Faraday in the nineteenth century , to a God who had ensured that the book of his works would be as simple to comprehend as the book of his words .
the criterion of simplicity could itself be referred , as it was by newton , to a god who had [made sure] that nature did nothing in vain or , as it was by michael faraday in the nineteenth century , to a god who had [made sure] that the book of his works would be as simple to comprehend as the book of his words .

Until 1985 many psychiatrists ensured the supervision in the community of patients who were known to default from treatment by granting them leave of absence .
until 1985 many psychiatrists [made sure] the supervision in the community of patients who were known to default from treatment by granting them leave of absence .

He replaced the overlapping chancelleries with colleges in which efficiency was to be ensured by the mutual responsibility of thirteen top officials in each , and which at least in theory had more clearly defined duties .
he replaced the overlapping chancelleries with colleges in which efficiency was to be [made sure] by the mutual responsibility of thirteen top officials in each , and which at least in theory had more clearly defined duties .

Provided the landlord ensured that his serfs ' poll-tax did not fall too far into arrears , he was left to his own devices .
provided the landlord [made sure] that his serfs ' poll-tax did not fall too far into arrears , he was left to his own devices .

The rouble became progressively stronger and in 1897 foreign confidence was ensured by placing it on the gold standard .
the rouble became progressively stronger and in 1897 foreign confidence was [made sure] by placing it on the gold standard .

In a situation of massive rural underemployment and considerable urban unemployment , this ensured that labour 's bargaining power was minimal and that Russian wages were extremely low .
in a situation of massive rural underemployment and considerable urban unemployment , this [made sure] that labour 's bargaining power was minimal and that russian wages were extremely low .

Labour 's weak bargaining position , combined with the speed with which new industrial centres such as the Donets basin of the Ukraine were developed and older cities such as St Petersburg expanded , ensured that little attention was given to the needs of the work-force .
labour 's weak bargaining position , combined with the speed with which new industrial centres such as the donets basin of the ukraine were developed and older cities such as st petersburg expanded , [made sure] that little attention was given to the needs of the work-force .

In 1196 , the dowager countess Matilda , confirming Ghent 's privileges , ensured that no barriers would obstruct any competent person who wished to open a school in the town .
in 1196 , the dowager countess matilda , confirming ghent 's privileges , [made sure] that no barriers would obstruct any competent person who wished to open a school in the town .

The growth of independent towns in the twelfth century lent force to the revival of public courts on the Carolingian model ; while Mediterranean contacts ensured a warm welcome for the learning of Bolognese Roman lawyers in the early decades of the century .
the growth of independent towns in the twelfth century lent force to the revival of public courts on the carolingian model ; while mediterranean contacts [made sure] a warm welcome for the learning of bolognese roman lawyers in the early decades of the century .

Many writers have gone on to argue that such consensual preferences became even stronger once post-war reforms ensured a more representative structure through which citizens could contribute to the formation of a national consensus .
many writers have gone on to argue that such consensual preferences became even stronger once post-war reforms [made sure] a more representative structure through which citizens could contribute to the formation of a national consensus .

Although he had been brought up in a brothel , Katherine had ensured that neither of her children knew the true function of the house , and while they might suspect where some of here money came from — especially Patrick — they were in no position to argue about it .
although he had been brought up in a brothel , katherine had [made sure] that neither of her children knew the true function of the house , and while they might suspect where some of here money came from — especially patrick — they were in no position to argue about it .

They were not open or tolerant , and their popular character ensured that they were viewed with fear and horror by the propertied classes .
they were not open or tolerant , and their popular character [made sure] that they were viewed with fear and horror by the propertied classes .

The large numbers involved in the various institutions of decision-taking and law-making , the principle of ( usually annual ) rotation among office-holders , and the choice of members of these bodies by lot rather than election , all ensured that participation was not confined to a minority of activists but was spread across the whole citizen body .
the large numbers involved in the various institutions of decision-taking and law-making , the principle of ( usually annual ) rotation among office-holders , and the choice of members of these bodies by lot rather than election , all [made sure] that participation was not confined to a minority of activists but was spread across the whole citizen body .

Darwin 's work shows how little scientific thinking about dreaming has changed over two centuries , and its popularity and deep influence during his own lifetime ensured that these rationalist ideas became an accepted part of literary as well as scientific ideology . However , what can we say with confidence about the beliefs of ordinary people , either in the nineteenth or even in the late twentieth century ?
darwin 's work shows how little scientific thinking about dreaming has changed over two centuries , and its popularity and deep influence during his own lifetime [made sure] that these rationalist ideas became an accepted part of literary as well as scientific ideology . however , what can we say with confidence about the beliefs of ordinary people , either in the nineteenth or even in the late twentieth century ?

After the judgement the heart was returned to the dead person for his continued life and from the Sixth Dynasty onwards its presence might be ensured by the provision of a heart amulet on the chest .
after the judgement the heart was returned to the dead person for his continued life and from the sixth dynasty onwards its presence might be [made sure] by the provision of a heart amulet on the chest .

These removed the residue of barium and all faeces and ensured a clear view for both the investigations and the operation .
these removed the residue of barium and all faeces and [made sure] a clear view for both the investigations and the operation .

Mr Reynolds often looked tired and anxious during the days preceding his operation and it was important that the ward nurses gave him opportunities to ask questions and express his fears and also ensured that he had time to rest .
mr reynolds often looked tired and anxious during the days preceding his operation and it was important that the ward nurses gave him opportunities to ask questions and express his fears and also [made sure] that he had time to rest .

During the 14 hours prior to surgery the house officer explained the operation again to Mr Reynolds and ensured that he understood what was to happen before he signed the consent form .
during the 14 hours prior to surgery the house officer explained the operation again to mr reynolds and [made sure] that he understood what was to happen before he signed the consent form .

The success of Italian Euro-disco and House , and the more general context of Casa Latina , has ensured it wider recognition and consolidation .
the success of italian euro-disco and house , and the more general context of casa latina , has [made sure] it wider recognition and consolidation .

Ministerial caution and the General Election of 1964 ensured that these proposals were not implemented .
ministerial caution and the general election of 1964 [made sure] that these proposals were not implemented .

But the gimmicky nature of those films ( stooping to ‘ Blackula ’ and ‘ Blackenstein ’ ) and their poor production values — not to mention the fact that they were frequently made by white directors — ensured that their popularity quickly faded .
but the gimmicky nature of those films ( stooping to ‘ blackula ’ and ‘ blackenstein ’ ) and their poor production values — not to mention the fact that they were frequently made by white directors — [made sure] that their popularity quickly faded .

He had , of course , ensured this by demanding the presence of a Polish envoy to discuss them in Berlin before it would have been possible for anyone to get there .
he had , of course , [made sure] this by demanding the presence of a polish envoy to discuss them in berlin before it would have been possible for anyone to get there .

It ensured that the unemployed earned as much as the labourer , reminiscent of the ‘ poverty trap ’ problems of today 's welfare .
it [made sure] that the unemployed earned as much as the labourer , reminiscent of the ‘ poverty trap ’ problems of today 's welfare .

Geography and topography effectively ensured Ireland 's immunity from the Teutonic invasions — from the Saxons , for example , who were to overrun England and pit Wotan and the Germanic pantheon against a still fledgling Christianity .
geography and topography effectively [made sure] ireland 's immunity from the teutonic invasions — from the saxons , for example , who were to overrun england and pit wotan and the germanic pantheon against a still fledgling christianity .

Sound modern planning in a valley where traditions are lovingly maintained , has ensured Stuttgart , for all its industry , remains easy to enjoy .
sound modern planning in a valley where traditions are lovingly maintained , has [made sure] stuttgart , for all its industry , remains easy to enjoy .

Close co-operation between the relevant bodies and The Hague Conference have ensured compatibility between these various documents .
close co-operation between the relevant bodies and the hague conference have [made sure] compatibility between these various documents .

By the time the permissive climate of the late 1960s had come to allow boys and girls to admit tender feelings for one another , the first faint notes of anti-sexist protest ensured that girls would no longer be content to be victims awaiting rescue by dauntless boys .
by the time the permissive climate of the late 1960s had come to allow boys and girls to admit tender feelings for one another , the first faint notes of anti-sexist protest [made sure] that girls would no longer be content to be victims awaiting rescue by dauntless boys .

She remembered their birthdays , sent notes of apology to their wives when they had to accompany her on an overseas tours and ensured that they were ‘ fed and watered ’ when she went out with them from Kensington Palace .
she remembered their birthdays , sent notes of apology to their wives when they had to accompany her on an overseas tours and [made sure] that they were ‘ fed and watered ’ when she went out with them from kensington palace .

Specialised compartmentalization ensured that management was expert in the narrow range of financial services offered .
specialised compartmentalization [made sure] that management was expert in the narrow range of financial services offered .

This is an old-world hotel of character and charm where careful refurbishment has ensured past elegance and comfort remain .
this is an old-world hotel of character and charm where careful refurbishment has [made sure] past elegance and comfort remain .

Mr Lamont has , by his mismanagement of the economy , ensured that none of his colleagues will be canvassing hard for his job .
mr lamont has , by his mismanagement of the economy , [made sure] that none of his colleagues will be canvassing hard for his job .

The destruction of the monopolistic purchasing cartels , which was the commons ' real object , ensured that the tax would no longer be passed on to the producer in the form of lower prices , and the establishment of the Company of the Staple as a selling cartel enabled the real burden of the tax to be imposed upon the purchasers , the cloth manufacturers of Flanders .
the destruction of the monopolistic purchasing cartels , which was the commons ' real object , [made sure] that the tax would no longer be passed on to the producer in the form of lower prices , and the establishment of the company of the staple as a selling cartel enabled the real burden of the tax to be imposed upon the purchasers , the cloth manufacturers of flanders .

The king ensured that vital funds continued to flow , and was in any case disposed to make concessions on the question of cartels because many of the monopolistic companies had gone bankrupt and were useless to him .
the king [made sure] that vital funds continued to flow , and was in any case disposed to make concessions on the question of cartels because many of the monopolistic companies had gone bankrupt and were useless to him .

It would be wrong , however , to suggest that the commons ensured the flow of funds for the war simply in return for concessions on their most persistent grievances .
it would be wrong , however , to suggest that the commons [made sure] the flow of funds for the war simply in return for concessions on their most persistent grievances .

His closeness to the king and his enthusiasm for the war would have ensured him a place as a leader of the younger generation of nobles , and his death was yet another misfortune for the king .
his closeness to the king and his enthusiasm for the war would have [made sure] him a place as a leader of the younger generation of nobles , and his death was yet another misfortune for the king .

The trip to the Medway was sailed in 25–30 knots of wind with a 30-mile beat all the way down the Barrow to Garrison Point which pretty well ensured that this race would be a big boat benefit .
the trip to the medway was sailed in 25–30 knots of wind with a 30-mile beat all the way down the barrow to garrison point which pretty well [made sure] that this race would be a big boat benefit .

Our ever-smiling guide , Raka , ensured that we missed little .
our ever-smiling guide , raka , [made sure] that we missed little .

Training all technicians throughout the country was an onerous task , but Sandra Hannington , Caroline Mytton and Anthony Dracott ensured that everyone received personal tuition , and the day that the various branches ‘ went live ’ the skills were all put to use .
training all technicians throughout the country was an onerous task , but sandra hannington , caroline mytton and anthony dracott [made sure] that everyone received personal tuition , and the day that the various branches ‘ went live ’ the skills were all put to use .

However , only Sally knew where the bridleway left the reservoir and headed to the pub , so she ensured she was in the lead at that point , and then promptly declared her race over as she would not risk galloping the remaining mile of road .
however , only sally knew where the bridleway left the reservoir and headed to the pub , so she [made sure] she was in the lead at that point , and then promptly declared her race over as she would not risk galloping the remaining mile of road .

Joe Mallon , Fumigation Technician assisted by Dougie Gray both from the Glasgow Central branch , ensured that the vehicles were correctly fumigated , and to accommodate the length of the cars a double size bubble ( 7m x 3.5m x 2.5m ) was used .
joe mallon , fumigation technician assisted by dougie gray both from the glasgow central branch , [made sure] that the vehicles were correctly fumigated , and to accommodate the length of the cars a double size bubble ( 7m x 3.5m x 2.5m ) was used .

The scheme was carefully structured and effectively managed from the outset and this together with the outstanding support of our members has ensured the continued success of Autocover over the years .
the scheme was carefully structured and effectively managed from the outset and this together with the outstanding support of our members has [made sure] the continued success of autocover over the years .

Have you ensured : that participation will be made as easy and pleasant as possible ?
have you [made sure] : that participation will be made as easy and pleasant as possible ?

This meant that new buildings would often incorporate , for example , safety-oriented features such as computer-controlled fire alarm and sprinkler systems which not only reduced the risk of fire but , when fire did break out , ensured it was containable until the emergency services arrived .
this meant that new buildings would often incorporate , for example , safety-oriented features such as computer-controlled fire alarm and sprinkler systems which not only reduced the risk of fire but , when fire did break out , [made sure] it was containable until the emergency services arrived .

Unlike many of its southern competitors Bell Lawrie , which is very much an Edinburgh stockbroker , albeit with clients all over the country , ensured that the institutional money only represented 25 per cent of its equity — the money coming from the Bank of Scotland , Ivory & sime and Edinburgh Investment Trust .
unlike many of its southern competitors bell lawrie , which is very much an edinburgh stockbroker , albeit with clients all over the country , [made sure] that the institutional money only represented 25 per cent of its equity — the money coming from the bank of scotland , ivory & sime and edinburgh investment trust .

As the group consisted of both biology and physics teachers , the regular meetings ensured that good classroom practice and many teaching strategies which were successful in one subject area could be incorporated or modified in the other .
as the group consisted of both biology and physics teachers , the regular meetings [made sure] that good classroom practice and many teaching strategies which were successful in one subject area could be incorporated or modified in the other .

It was an act of needlessly gratuitous violence and one which ensured for good and all , that Meryl Streep would be declining to take the female lead in the film version of this one , just like she had with the last two .
it was an act of needlessly gratuitous violence and one which [made sure] for good and all , that meryl streep would be declining to take the female lead in the film version of this one , just like she had with the last two .

The neurological dominance of the large human cerebral cortex has ensured that basic instinct has come increasingly under its control and has thereby lost its specific and rigidly determined character .
the neurological dominance of the large human cerebral cortex has [made sure] that basic instinct has come increasingly under its control and has thereby lost its specific and rigidly determined character .

The university enjoys a location which historically has ensured that it is an important part of the fabric of the city of Edinburgh and thus placed in Scotland 's capital that it remains an important symbol for the nation 's egalitarian spirit , its diverse cultural identity and true internationalism .
the university enjoys a location which historically has [made sure] that it is an important part of the fabric of the city of edinburgh and thus placed in scotland 's capital that it remains an important symbol for the nation 's egalitarian spirit , its diverse cultural identity and true internationalism .

The state also ensured the general conditions needed for new commercial activities ( especially law and order ) .
the state also [made sure] the general conditions needed for new commercial activities ( especially law and order ) .

It was this hegemonic combination of a mighty domestic economy , a progressive ruling class ( in comparison with most others actually existing ) , and at least some desirable culturalideological features particularly attractive to ‘ modernizing ’ elites , that opened the global door to them and ensured the creation , persistence and often aggrandisement of social classes in countries all over the world willing and eager to adopt their transnational practices .
it was this hegemonic combination of a mighty domestic economy , a progressive ruling class ( in comparison with most others actually existing ) , and at least some desirable culturalideological features particularly attractive to ‘ modernizing ’ elites , that opened the global door to them and [made sure] the creation , persistence and often aggrandisement of social classes in countries all over the world willing and eager to adopt their transnational practices .

4 ) , ensured that for the most part the prices of raw materials were falling relative to the prices of manufactured goods .
4 ) , [made sure] that for the most part the prices of raw materials were falling relative to the prices of manufactured goods .

She had a respiratory infection and one reason for life termination was ‘ the threat of asphyxia ’ — so she was given high-dose opioids , which ensured that she died of asphyxia .
she had a respiratory infection and one reason for life termination was ‘ the threat of asphyxia ’ — so she was given high-dose opioids , which [made sure] that she died of asphyxia .

The policy thus ensured the Woodvilles , and indeed Gloucester , a continuing place in government and makes it unnecessary to see the events of April 1483 in terms of an immediate power struggle .
the policy thus [made sure] the woodvilles , and indeed gloucester , a continuing place in government and makes it unnecessary to see the events of april 1483 in terms of an immediate power struggle .

This restriction ensured that the study population was representative of the range of pediatric Crohn 's disease rather than a select group requiring tertiaty care .
this restriction [made sure] that the study population was representative of the range of pediatric crohn 's disease rather than a select group requiring tertiaty care .

Under the guidance of a skilled Development Adviser who works closely with the syndicate throughout the programme , effective group process is ensured and personal support , feedback and academic guidance is given .
under the guidance of a skilled development adviser who works closely with the syndicate throughout the programme , effective group process is [made sure] and personal support , feedback and academic guidance is given .

Nevertheless , high birth rates ensured that society was far more youthful in its composition than it is today .
nevertheless , high birth rates [made sure] that society was far more youthful in its composition than it is today .

When sorting the stimulus cards into order , it was ensured that subjects could not see the cards .
when sorting the stimulus cards into order , it was [made sure] that subjects could not see the cards .

When sorting the stimulus cards into order , it was ensured that subjects could not see the cards or the experimenter 's worksheet , on which s/he recorded the subject 's responses .
when sorting the stimulus cards into order , it was [made sure] that subjects could not see the cards or the experimenter 's worksheet , on which s/he recorded the subject 's responses .

But performance alone has never yet ensured the job of a French nationalised industry chairman .
but performance alone has never yet [made sure] the job of a french nationalised industry chairman .

The party was held in the canteen , bedecked in decorations with many activities , that ensured the children were occupied all afternoon .
the party was held in the canteen , bedecked in decorations with many activities , that [made sure] the children were occupied all afternoon .

The site of the grave in the Atacama desert had ensured the preservation of the corpses which were readily identified .
the site of the grave in the atacama desert had [made sure] the preservation of the corpses which were readily identified .

As detailed on May 2 , the measures gave the government the technical right to dismiss strikers in these sectors and laid down that strikes in non-essential services had to be approved by an assembly of at least one-third of union members concerned , while in essential services strikes had to be announced 48 hours in advance and a minimum level of service ensured .
as detailed on may 2 , the measures gave the government the technical right to dismiss strikers in these sectors and laid down that strikes in non-essential services had to be approved by an assembly of at least one-third of union members concerned , while in essential services strikes had to be announced 48 hours in advance and a minimum level of service [made sure] .

Despite an intensified terror campaign by , predominantly , the Maoist Sendero Luminoso ( Shining Path ) guerrillas to disrupt the elections , the deployment of an estimated 300,000 soldiers and police ensured that polling day passed off relatively peacefully , although at least 55 people were reported to have been injured in bomb attacks on April 7-8 . ``
despite an intensified terror campaign by , predominantly , the maoist sendero luminoso ( shining path ) guerrillas to disrupt the elections , the deployment of an estimated 300,000 soldiers and police [made sure] that polling day passed off relatively peacefully , although at least 55 people were reported to have been injured in bomb attacks on april 7-8 . ``

For more than 40 years , America and its allies held communism in check , and ensured that democracy would continue to exist .
for more than 40 years , america and its allies held communism in check , and [made sure] that democracy would continue to exist .

This , together with the closeness of the result ( which meant that the distribution of preference and postal votes was particularly significant ) , ensured that the final outcome of the election remained in doubt for several days after polling , during which time Hawke continued as Prime Minister in a caretaker capacity .
this , together with the closeness of the result ( which meant that the distribution of preference and postal votes was particularly significant ) , [made sure] that the final outcome of the election remained in doubt for several days after polling , during which time hawke continued as prime minister in a caretaker capacity .

Detailed clauses ensured that ( i ) the President once elected could not be a member of a political party ; ( ii ) the military were denied seats in the Senate ; ( iii ) members of the Securitate and militia bodies guilty of repression and public officials guilty of abuses were not eligible for election ; ( iv ) candidates for election to the Assembly of Deputies had to be over 21 years of age and for the presidency and Senate over 30 , with no upper age limit ; ( v ) prisoners and the mentally handicapped were not eligible for election or to vote ; ( vi ) independent candidates were eligible to stand for the Senate and Assembly if supported by at least 250 electors and for the presidency if supported by 100,000 electors ; ( vii ) the votes of Romanian citizens abroad via diplomatic missions , consulates or trade agencies would be treated as votes cast in the city of Bucharest ; ( viii ) the financing of political parties from abroad was forbidden ; ( ix ) strict procedures would be applied to check and validate nominations ; ( x ) hours of polling would be from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m .
detailed clauses [made sure] that ( i ) the president once elected could not be a member of a political party ; ( ii ) the military were denied seats in the senate ; ( iii ) members of the securitate and militia bodies guilty of repression and public officials guilty of abuses were not eligible for election ; ( iv ) candidates for election to the assembly of deputies had to be over 21 years of age and for the presidency and senate over 30 , with no upper age limit ; ( v ) prisoners and the mentally handicapped were not eligible for election or to vote ; ( vi ) independent candidates were eligible to stand for the senate and assembly if supported by at least 250 electors and for the presidency if supported by 100,000 electors ; ( vii ) the votes of romanian citizens abroad via diplomatic missions , consulates or trade agencies would be treated as votes cast in the city of bucharest ; ( viii ) the financing of political parties from abroad was forbidden ; ( ix ) strict procedures would be applied to check and validate nominations ; ( x ) hours of polling would be from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m .

What ensured regular Parliaments after 1689 was not any legal constraints imposed by the Declaration of Rights , but rather the Crown 's chronic shortage of money and its dependence upon Parliament for taxation .
what [made sure] regular parliaments after 1689 was not any legal constraints imposed by the declaration of rights , but rather the crown 's chronic shortage of money and its dependence upon parliament for taxation .

The Occasional Conformity and Schism Acts , it is true , were repealed in 1719 ( although there was some division in the party over this ) , but the sacramental test for office-holders remained , and the new Whig leadership developed a strong alliance with the Church establishment , which they ensured would be dominated by Whig clergy .
the occasional conformity and schism acts , it is true , were repealed in 1719 ( although there was some division in the party over this ) , but the sacramental test for office-holders remained , and the new whig leadership developed a strong alliance with the church establishment , which they [made sure] would be dominated by whig clergy .

Other circumstances as well as the interplay of national interests ensured that Britain was at first able to retain her special position in America 's network of alliances .
other circumstances as well as the interplay of national interests [made sure] that britain was at first able to retain her special position in america 's network of alliances .

From 395 onwards the rivalry between the advisers of Honorius in the west and Arcadius in the east had ensured a lack of cooperation , if not downright hostility , between the two halves of the Roman Empire .
from 395 onwards the rivalry between the advisers of honorius in the west and arcadius in the east had [made sure] a lack of cooperation , if not downright hostility , between the two halves of the roman empire .

Although the extra representation for zemstva did not arise out of St Petersburg 's enthusiasm for local government ( but out of the determination of central agencies to prevent any one of their number dominating the rest ) , it nevertheless ensured `` a large dose of decentralization `` in primary education and gave primary schools a better chance than they would have had otherwise .
although the extra representation for zemstva did not arise out of st petersburg 's enthusiasm for local government ( but out of the determination of central agencies to prevent any one of their number dominating the rest ) , it nevertheless [made sure] `` a large dose of decentralization `` in primary education and gave primary schools a better chance than they would have had otherwise .

The transformation of the European balance of power by the wars of 1854 – 71 , the revelation in 1866 and 1870 of what sheer military efficiency could achieve , ensured that the new institution spread rapidly .
the transformation of the european balance of power by the wars of 1854 – 71 , the revelation in 1866 and 1870 of what sheer military efficiency could achieve , [made sure] that the new institution spread rapidly .

The social engineering which placed them in positions of powerlessness ensured that the only female voice readily heard was that of the shrill tones of the satirised scold — a literary stereotype .
the social engineering which placed them in positions of powerlessness [made sure] that the only female voice readily heard was that of the shrill tones of the satirised scold — a literary stereotype .

However , it should be ensured that such considerations do not preclude the drafting of the document in as commercial a manner as possible , taking into account at all times the purpose of its production .
however , it should be [made sure] that such considerations do not preclude the drafting of the document in as commercial a manner as possible , taking into account at all times the purpose of its production .

In so doing , we have ensured to the best of our ability that all financial information is not misleading in any material respect .
in so doing , we have [made sure] to the best of our ability that all financial information is not misleading in any material respect .

It is not known whether the proper flow of information needed for those co-ordinating tasks is best ensured by continuing present practices , by having a human agent ( say a housekeeper or ward clerk ) , or by provision of some technological assistance ( say a small cheap microcomputer system or some form of electronic mail ) .
it is not known whether the proper flow of information needed for those co-ordinating tasks is best [made sure] by continuing present practices , by having a human agent ( say a housekeeper or ward clerk ) , or by provision of some technological assistance ( say a small cheap microcomputer system or some form of electronic mail ) .

But a combination on gardai and security men ensured that the Keenans and their guests enjoyed the privacy they craved .
but a combination on gardai and security men [made sure] that the keenans and their guests enjoyed the privacy they craved .

League dynamo Robert Irwin masterminded the thriving Greystone table tennis league and ensured that all the players had a feast of competition throughout the season , and pride of place went to the Cookstown team which included a unique father and daughter combination in Joe and Joanne Hutton , as well as the Scott brothers Alistair and Nigel .
league dynamo robert irwin masterminded the thriving greystone table tennis league and [made sure] that all the players had a feast of competition throughout the season , and pride of place went to the cookstown team which included a unique father and daughter combination in joe and joanne hutton , as well as the scott brothers alistair and nigel .

The craftsmen of Wedgwood have ensured faithful reproduction of the original painting by the skilful application of complex ceramic colours onto a translucent fine bone china plate , edged with a broad band of 22 carat gold .
the craftsmen of wedgwood have [made sure] faithful reproduction of the original painting by the skilful application of complex ceramic colours onto a translucent fine bone china plate , edged with a broad band of 22 carat gold .

Tenacious tackling and a great display from Peter Canavan at full forward , ensured the Ranch always held the upper hand .
tenacious tackling and a great display from peter canavan at full forward , [made sure] the ranch always held the upper hand .

For he ensured a replay at Inver Park on Tuesday night by ruling out a Ron Manley effort two minutes from time .
for he [made sure] a replay at inver park on tuesday night by ruling out a ron manley effort two minutes from time .

The former has watched his Garvey side fall from grace in the Harp Senior League championship , while Lutton 's Newry outfit ensured Section One survival .
the former has watched his garvey side fall from grace in the harp senior league championship , while lutton 's newry outfit [made sure] section one survival .

He ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research grant or ensured publication .
he ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research grant or [made sure] publication .

The environments did not change , it was the changes in the tectonic situation that ensured the preservation of the two formations .
the environments did not change , it was the changes in the tectonic situation that [made sure] the preservation of the two formations .

Despite various indications that Eva was a `` special person `` from fairly early on , the rough and tumble of a large family ensured that it did n't turn her head .
despite various indications that eva was a `` special person `` from fairly early on , the rough and tumble of a large family [made sure] that it did n't turn her head .

There were no street lights , even though the development of the Kariba dam ensured a more reliable source of electricity in the buildings .
there were no street lights , even though the development of the kariba dam [made sure] a more reliable source of electricity in the buildings .

Though such ribbon developments are a common small-town feature , at Ilchester their layout was partly constrained by the availability of higher ground above the river floodplain ; to the south-west , for instance , the Fosse Way and its associated suburbs took advantage of a rise in the natural gravel which ensured a dry and attractive area for settlement .
though such ribbon developments are a common small-town feature , at ilchester their layout was partly constrained by the availability of higher ground above the river floodplain ; to the south-west , for instance , the fosse way and its associated suburbs took advantage of a rise in the natural gravel which [made sure] a dry and attractive area for settlement .

Where he 'd come from and where he was ensured one thing : like Garnett , Mercer , and Loach , Goodwin was a socialist .
where he 'd come from and where he was [made sure] one thing : like garnett , mercer , and loach , goodwin was a socialist .

But it was also the year that the class structure of the underground , under pressure from a voracious music industry , ensured that a sizeable enclosure was partitioned off , in front of the stage , for the great and expensively attired of the new aristocracy .
but it was also the year that the class structure of the underground , under pressure from a voracious music industry , [made sure] that a sizeable enclosure was partitioned off , in front of the stage , for the great and expensively attired of the new aristocracy .

The Watch had ensured this by giving them ample time to escape via the back door , a neat compromise between caution and justice that benefited all parties .
the watch had [made sure] this by giving them ample time to escape via the back door , a neat compromise between caution and justice that benefited all parties .

Rune had treated her body with a considerate respect that had been faultless , ensuring her safety , even as he had ensured her ecstasy .
rune had treated her body with a considerate respect that had been faultless , ensuring her safety , even as he had [made sure] her ecstasy .

She tried to find the right words to explain but discovered only a great disconnection between her brain and her voice , which ensured her silence .
she tried to find the right words to explain but discovered only a great disconnection between her brain and her voice , which [made sure] her silence .

The ecstasy she 'd felt the night Rune had ensured the silence of the lur blowers in City Hall Square had overpowered and exhilarated her , but now it was eclipsed by the knowledge that he loved her .
the ecstasy she 'd felt the night rune had [made sure] the silence of the lur blowers in city hall square had overpowered and exhilarated her , but now it was eclipsed by the knowledge that he loved her .

The sweet ringing of the tills ensured a modest increase , boosted further by ‘ substantial ’ buying on bank holiday Monday .
the sweet ringing of the tills [made sure] a modest increase , boosted further by ‘ substantial ’ buying on bank holiday monday .

The true extent of the use is unknown but its high cost has certainly ensured that videodisc can claim only pockets of success and has by no means been widely influential .
the true extent of the use is unknown but its high cost has certainly [made sure] that videodisc can claim only pockets of success and has by no means been widely influential .

It ensured lively lunchtimes for the railway workers , especially when Crawford had to jump into the river to rescue a member of the rival gang who had fallen in .
it [made sure] lively lunchtimes for the railway workers , especially when crawford had to jump into the river to rescue a member of the rival gang who had fallen in .

Crawford ensured that no one under fourteen would be allowed into the performances because of the strong language and much hopping in and out of bed — and he banned his grandmother .
crawford [made sure] that no one under fourteen would be allowed into the performances because of the strong language and much hopping in and out of bed — and he banned his grandmother .

Intense heat and charcoal fumes from their stoves ensured that few wool combers reached the age of fifty .
intense heat and charcoal fumes from their stoves [made sure] that few wool combers reached the age of fifty .

The natural advantages of established manufacturing in England , reinforced by the artificial ones provided by the Navigation Laws and related manifestations of the `` colonial system `` , ensured that the high incomes of West Indian and Virginian planters created a growing market .
the natural advantages of established manufacturing in england , reinforced by the artificial ones provided by the navigation laws and related manifestations of the `` colonial system `` , [made sure] that the high incomes of west indian and virginian planters created a growing market .

By forming an exclusive club , the rich have ensured that their tax contributions do not have to go to supporting the poor in their neighbourhood .
by forming an exclusive club , the rich have [made sure] that their tax contributions do not have to go to supporting the poor in their neighbourhood .

The prince , who took his force into Wales from Chester in good tight order , and at every mile ensured his lines behind him , was on his guard against his own instinctive enthusiasm as well as against Welsh armies , and knew enough about them by this time to feel no surprise that he should probe ever more deeply and carefully into North Wales , and never touch hands with anything more than a darting patrol , gone almost as soon as sighted .
the prince , who took his force into wales from chester in good tight order , and at every mile [made sure] his lines behind him , was on his guard against his own instinctive enthusiasm as well as against welsh armies , and knew enough about them by this time to feel no surprise that he should probe ever more deeply and carefully into north wales , and never touch hands with anything more than a darting patrol , gone almost as soon as sighted .

‘ You could say that … ’ he began cautiously , and after that Kate ensured the conversation stayed firmly on business rails until they arrived at the hotel which the team used when testing in the south of France .
‘ you could say that … ’ he began cautiously , and after that kate [made sure] the conversation stayed firmly on business rails until they arrived at the hotel which the team used when testing in the south of france .

It certainly ensured that the banks got paid .
it certainly [made sure] that the banks got paid .

Thus he has ensured that ‘ Oman is run by Omanis and not by foreign powers ’ .
thus he has [made sure] that ‘ oman is run by omanis and not by foreign powers ’ .

Through the Children Act 1989 and its associated regulations and guidance , the Government have ensured that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .
through the children act 1989 and its associated regulations and guidance , the government have [made sure] that a much more effective framework for controlling children 's homes is now in position .

Proceedings for contempt of court are the means by which obedience to orders of the court and adherence to undertakings are ensured .
proceedings for contempt of court are the means by which obedience to orders of the court and adherence to undertakings are [made sure] .

Incidentally , if our Government really believed in the principle of subsidiarity , they would have ensured that decision-making would be decentralised within the United Kingdom as well as within the Community .
incidentally , if our government really believed in the principle of subsidiarity , they would have [made sure] that decision-making would be decentralised within the united kingdom as well as within the community .

It is essential that these councils are set up as soon as possible so that they may start work on all the detailed arrangements and consultations that will be necessary if a smooth transition to the new funding system is to be ensured .
it is essential that these councils are set up as soon as possible so that they may start work on all the detailed arrangements and consultations that will be necessary if a smooth transition to the new funding system is to be [made sure] .

The Government have already ensured that competitive political insurance can be provided by the private market , supported where necessary by Export Credits Guarantee Department reinsurance facilities .
the government have already [made sure] that competitive political insurance can be provided by the private market , supported where necessary by export credits guarantee department reinsurance facilities .

In paying tribute to those excellent voluntary organisations whom the Government have grant-aided to help vulnerable groups in Iraq , does not my right hon. Friend the Minister agree that Saddam Hussein has ensured the continuing torment and lack of help for his people , particularly for the southern Shias in the marshes ?
in paying tribute to those excellent voluntary organisations whom the government have grant-aided to help vulnerable groups in iraq , does not my right hon. friend the minister agree that saddam hussein has [made sure] the continuing torment and lack of help for his people , particularly for the southern shias in the marshes ?

They should have declared a state of emergency and ensured that Bellwin money was made available to councils so that they could take emergency action .
they should have declared a state of emergency and [made sure] that bellwin money was made available to councils so that they could take emergency action .

Does my hon. and learned Friend agree that the out-of-date nuclear systems that we are withdrawing from Europe have ensured that Europe is a very much safer place , and that the minimum deterrence that we are planning with Trident should be supported by hon. Members on both sides of the House , in practice as well as in theory ?
does my hon. and learned friend agree that the out-of-date nuclear systems that we are withdrawing from europe have [made sure] that europe is a very much safer place , and that the minimum deterrence that we are planning with trident should be supported by hon. members on both sides of the house , in practice as well as in theory ?

That is why we have ensured , through our know-how funds and all the other means at our disposal , that we are providing economic advice and sound advice for training members of the former republics to get on with the job of economic reform .
that is why we have [made sure] , through our know-how funds and all the other means at our disposal , that we are providing economic advice and sound advice for training members of the former republics to get on with the job of economic reform .

It is important that food should be not only dispatched but distributed to those who need it . That is why my right hon. Friend the Minister for Overseas Development has ensured that the Crown Agents , for example , are working with the authorities in St.
it is important that food should be not only dispatched but distributed to those who need it . that is why my right hon. friend the minister for overseas development has [made sure] that the crown agents , for example , are working with the authorities in st.

Friend the Prime Minister ensured at Maastricht that the British proposals on this matter were passed : first , all countries committed themselves to improving animal welfare , which was a major step forward never agreed between those countries before ; and , secondly , in future , the European Court of Justice will be in a position to fine countries that fail to keep their obligations under Community rules .
friend the prime minister [made sure] at maastricht that the british proposals on this matter were passed : first , all countries committed themselves to improving animal welfare , which was a major step forward never agreed between those countries before ; and , secondly , in future , the european court of justice will be in a position to fine countries that fail to keep their obligations under community rules .

The confessional is a matter of secrecy , but what is not secret is that , when they were really working at it , the previous Labour Government ensured that far more than 7 million days a year were lost through strikes .
the confessional is a matter of secrecy , but what is not secret is that , when they were really working at it , the previous labour government [made sure] that far more than 7 million days a year were lost through strikes .

The attractiveness of Britain today for new business and job creation has ensured that we have consistently secured more Japanese and American investment than any other member state of the European Community .
the attractiveness of britain today for new business and job creation has [made sure] that we have consistently secured more japanese and american investment than any other member state of the european community .

It is time that the Government realised that , took steps to protect people who are suffering as a consequence of their lamentable and disastrous poll tax , and ensured that the council tax reflects more sympathy and caring .
it is time that the government realised that , took steps to protect people who are suffering as a consequence of their lamentable and disastrous poll tax , and [made sure] that the council tax reflects more sympathy and caring .

Consciousness of all these pressures did not improve Michael Banks 's concentration and , together with fatigue , ensured that the lines were worse than ever on the Friday afternoon run .
consciousness of all these pressures did not improve michael banks 's concentration and , together with fatigue , [made sure] that the lines were worse than ever on the friday afternoon run .

The Taipei job was only unusual in that it would be a new experience to work in a country where English was not the official language , but the presence of a large population of Westerners , the bulk of them American , ensured high listenership figures even with the competition provided by the existence of other English-language stations .
the taipei job was only unusual in that it would be a new experience to work in a country where english was not the official language , but the presence of a large population of westerners , the bulk of them american , [made sure] high listenership figures even with the competition provided by the existence of other english-language stations .

Looking up in surprise , she found he had one eyebrow raised as though waiting for her to make some sarcastic comment , which successfully ensured that she did n't do any such thing .
looking up in surprise , she found he had one eyebrow raised as though waiting for her to make some sarcastic comment , which successfully [made sure] that she did n't do any such thing .

Mental and physical exhaustion ensured that Hilary slept deeply , and it was well after ten when she finally stirred .
mental and physical exhaustion [made sure] that hilary slept deeply , and it was well after ten when she finally stirred .

The question remains as to whether British policy-makers can fairly argue that by fighting ‘ from within ’ , although they may not have entirely succeeded in limiting the battleground to issues of trade and markets , they have nevertheless ensured that the economic policy itself has pointed in the right direction .
the question remains as to whether british policy-makers can fairly argue that by fighting ‘ from within ’ , although they may not have entirely succeeded in limiting the battleground to issues of trade and markets , they have nevertheless [made sure] that the economic policy itself has pointed in the right direction .

The Community shall adopt measures with the aim of progressively establishing the internal market over a period expiring on 31 December 1992 … The internal market shall comprise an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods , persons , services and capital is ensured in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty .
the community shall adopt measures with the aim of progressively establishing the internal market over a period expiring on 31 december 1992 … the internal market shall comprise an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods , persons , services and capital is [made sure] in accordance with the provisions of the treaty .

The trade union legislation introduced in Britain in the past decade has enabled the expression of a variety of worker attitudes to unionization , because it has ensured that workers can not be coerced into a union and it has also increased union democracy .
the trade union legislation introduced in britain in the past decade has enabled the expression of a variety of worker attitudes to unionization , because it has [made sure] that workers can not be coerced into a union and it has also increased union democracy .

It ensured there was no turning back , no switching to alternative paths , no way of avoiding the future it had prepared .
it [made sure] there was no turning back , no switching to alternative paths , no way of avoiding the future it had prepared .

The messenger sent ahead had ensured that there would be no difficulty in entering the palace compound , and the guards at the gate did no more than salute as the litter passed within the walls .
the messenger sent ahead had [made sure] that there would be no difficulty in entering the palace compound , and the guards at the gate did no more than salute as the litter passed within the walls .

Luke 's sense of humour ensured that the flowers invariably came addressed to ‘ Aphrosyne Taylor-Agathangelou ’ , whereas in the shop she was always plain ‘ Folly Taylor ’ .
luke 's sense of humour [made sure] that the flowers invariably came addressed to ‘ aphrosyne taylor-agathangelou ’ , whereas in the shop she was always plain ‘ folly taylor ’ .

Where a major difference arose was the means by which this might be ensured .
where a major difference arose was the means by which this might be [made sure] .

Such areas were not often used for arable , until later drainage operations ensured that water could be kept off the fields for most of the year .
such areas were not often used for arable , until later drainage operations [made sure] that water could be kept off the fields for most of the year .

He lost both office and influence at court as a result of factional enmity , but Louis the Pious 's disfavour ensured that the losses were permanent .
he lost both office and influence at court as a result of factional enmity , but louis the pious 's disfavour [made sure] that the losses were permanent .

First , internecine rivalries ensured that his opponents would never join forces to oust him ; for that reason alone , they would be allowed to continue , though never to reach a point at which they might get out of hand and overwhelm him .
first , internecine rivalries [made sure] that his opponents would never join forces to oust him ; for that reason alone , they would be allowed to continue , though never to reach a point at which they might get out of hand and overwhelm him .

This view was in large measure instantiated by the employer 's claim in an application for the Queen 's Award for Technology that use of the new valve ensured a ‘ startling 1 % improvement in scrapping rate which could equate to [ a ] saving of £0.5 million per annum ’ .
this view was in large measure instantiated by the employer 's claim in an application for the queen 's award for technology that use of the new valve [made sure] a ‘ startling 1 % improvement in scrapping rate which could equate to [ a ] saving of £0.5 million per annum ’ .

Raffles , stalls and a junior golf competition on the practice green ensured a great time was had by all .
raffles , stalls and a junior golf competition on the practice green [made sure] a great time was had by all .

The plans for reform in the Board of Education Green Book , the White Paper and the Bill as eventually published showed increasingly less sign of any such holistic enterprise — and ensured that social stratification remained safe within the educational system .
the plans for reform in the board of education green book , the white paper and the bill as eventually published showed increasingly less sign of any such holistic enterprise — and [made sure] that social stratification remained safe within the educational system .

There were also developments within educational psychology in the late 1940s which ensured that simple notions of merit did not go unchallenged .
there were also developments within educational psychology in the late 1940s which [made sure] that simple notions of merit did not go unchallenged .

By the end of 1941 , with the entry of the United States into the war as a belligerent , the prospects of a favourable outcome seemed to be ensured and discussion could begin in earnest about post-war reconstruction .
by the end of 1941 , with the entry of the united states into the war as a belligerent , the prospects of a favourable outcome seemed to be [made sure] and discussion could begin in earnest about post-war reconstruction .

Exhibition board lighting and clear signposting ensured a good attendance .
exhibition board lighting and clear signposting [made sure] a good attendance .

The energies of the Director of the South Cambs Forum , Alan Rowe , ensured that all ran smoothly , despite the many opportunities for chaos to ensue .
the energies of the director of the south cambs forum , alan rowe , [made sure] that all ran smoothly , despite the many opportunities for chaos to ensue .

In his acceptance of the pope 's lordship , John ensured the protection of the monarchy and of the succession .
in his acceptance of the pope 's lordship , john [made sure] the protection of the monarchy and of the succession .

The official compilation was of moment because it ensured that certain general claims of the papacy , and the specific reasons for these claims , were not lost sight of in the later history of the papacy .
the official compilation was of moment because it [made sure] that certain general claims of the papacy , and the specific reasons for these claims , were not lost sight of in the later history of the papacy .

He ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research grant or ensured publication .
he ignores the fact that the major argument for including the supervisor 's name in papers to which he or she has not made such a contribution is that it is the supervisor 's reputation which has attracted the research grant or [made sure] publication .

Although it was possible that the Pennsylvania law could be upheld without overturning Roe v. Wade in its entirety , the timing of the case ensured that the highly divisive issue of abortion was almost certain to be an important factor in the 1992 presidential and legislative election campaigns .
although it was possible that the pennsylvania law could be upheld without overturning roe v. wade in its entirety , the timing of the case [made sure] that the highly divisive issue of abortion was almost certain to be an important factor in the 1992 presidential and legislative election campaigns .

Rodríguez had refused to attend the final session on June 18 of the National Constituent Assembly , which over the previous six months had drafted the Constitution , because of the Assembly 's approval of a " transitory clause " on June 15 which ensured that he was included in a general constitutional ban on presidents standing for re-election .
rodríguez had refused to attend the final session on june 18 of the national constituent assembly , which over the previous six months had drafted the constitution , because of the assembly 's approval of a " transitory clause " on june 15 which [made sure] that he was included in a general constitutional ban on presidents standing for re-election .

Siding with the opposition in the 198-member Assembly , the dissidents sought to ensure an end to the military 's previous stranglehold on politics , which had ensured the routine re-election to the presidency of Gen. Alfredo Stroessner , dictator from 1953 until his removal by Rodríguez in a military coup in February 1989 [ see p. 36458 ] .
siding with the opposition in the 198-member assembly , the dissidents sought to ensure an end to the military 's previous stranglehold on politics , which had [made sure] the routine re-election to the presidency of gen. alfredo stroessner , dictator from 1953 until his removal by rodríguez in a military coup in february 1989 [ see p. 36458 ] .

In addition government control of the media ensured that the opposition 's campaign was given little coverage .
in addition government control of the media [made sure] that the opposition 's campaign was given little coverage .

The voting showed a split in the democratic movement and potential problems for Yeltsin , who had ensured that under the new constitution his presidential powers would be limited by those of the Supreme Soviet and its chairman .
the voting showed a split in the democratic movement and potential problems for yeltsin , who had [made sure] that under the new constitution his presidential powers would be limited by those of the supreme soviet and its chairman .

The New Hampshire result ensured that the challenge of Buchanan would be maintained at least into March , and increased the growing belief that Bush — despite having recorded popular approval ratings of up to 90 per cent in the immediate aftermath of the Gulf war — was vulnerable to defeat in his bid for a second presidential term .
the new hampshire result [made sure] that the challenge of buchanan would be maintained at least into march , and increased the growing belief that bush — despite having recorded popular approval ratings of up to 90 per cent in the immediate aftermath of the gulf war — was vulnerable to defeat in his bid for a second presidential term .

The law ensured the `` autonomy `` of the armed forces but expanded their existing responsibilities for sovereignty and national territorial integrity to involve them in civil defence and the restoration of internal order at the request of the head of the Senate .
the law [made sure] the `` autonomy `` of the armed forces but expanded their existing responsibilities for sovereignty and national territorial integrity to involve them in civil defence and the restoration of internal order at the request of the head of the senate .

By falling 27 votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority the House ensured that Bush maintained his record of never having had a veto overturned .
by falling 27 votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority the house [made sure] that bush maintained his record of never having had a veto overturned .

Restrained public spending under the Goss government , confounding his conservative opponents , had ensured that Queensland remained the country 's least indebted state .
restrained public spending under the goss government , confounding his conservative opponents , had [made sure] that queensland remained the country 's least indebted state .

While Brown 's victory did not immediate transform his candidacy from the status of quixotic eccentric to serious contender , it did establish him in third place behind Clinton and Tsongas , and ensured the continuance of federal matching funds .
while brown 's victory did not immediate transform his candidacy from the status of quixotic eccentric to serious contender , it did establish him in third place behind clinton and tsongas , and [made sure] the continuance of federal matching funds .

Independence was to be ensured by a national broadcasting council to comprise four people chosen by the Sejm , three by the President and two by the Senate .
independence was to be [made sure] by a national broadcasting council to comprise four people chosen by the sejm , three by the president and two by the senate .

Although both Beveridge and Bevan had acknowledged the superiority of prevention over cure , the design of the new system ensured that it remained underdeveloped .
although both beveridge and bevan had acknowledged the superiority of prevention over cure , the design of the new system [made sure] that it remained underdeveloped .

This ensured that the practice of medicine was based on possession of a university education , from which women were barred .
this [made sure] that the practice of medicine was based on possession of a university education , from which women were barred .

The advent of the National Curriculum makes it imperative that much closer curricular links are developed between secondary schools and their feeder primaries in order that continuity and progression can be ensured .
the advent of the national curriculum makes it imperative that much closer curricular links are developed between secondary schools and their feeder primaries in order that continuity and progression can be [made sure] .

( 2 ) The credence of such records must be ensured .
( 2 ) the credence of such records must be [made sure] .

Statute further ensured that reversionary leases ( i.e .
statute further [made sure] that reversionary leases ( i.e .

The origins of the Caribbean Creole languages in slavery and plantation labour have ensured that they have never enjoyed high status in their own communities — notwithstanding various local attempts over the last century , mainly by intellectuals without government support , to raise their status .
the origins of the caribbean creole languages in slavery and plantation labour have [made sure] that they have never enjoyed high status in their own communities — notwithstanding various local attempts over the last century , mainly by intellectuals without government support , to raise their status .

a redesigned department which ensured that all staff were in contact with each other — not hidden in offices or separate sections of the department .
a redesigned department which [made sure] that all staff were in contact with each other — not hidden in offices or separate sections of the department .

The proponents of the radical reform of the Poor Law which was to result in the workhouse-based act of 1834 , with its hated principle of `` less-eligibility `` , ensured that the wage-allowance system was presented in the worst possible light .
the proponents of the radical reform of the poor law which was to result in the workhouse-based act of 1834 , with its hated principle of `` less-eligibility `` , [made sure] that the wage-allowance system was presented in the worst possible light .

Compatibility between components was ensured by using a structurally uniform global database , the blackboard .
compatibility between components was [made sure] by using a structurally uniform global database , the blackboard .

‘ Four years ago , we recognised a gap in the marketplace for the provision of a highly personalised catering service that ensured catering facilities were totally integrated with the clients ’ objectives .
‘ four years ago , we recognised a gap in the marketplace for the provision of a highly personalised catering service that [made sure] catering facilities were totally integrated with the clients ’ objectives .

It is hoped that the acceptance of these recommendations will lead to all members being offered a greatly improved service by the Society and that a democratic system of elections for Executive Committee members will be ensured .
it is hoped that the acceptance of these recommendations will lead to all members being offered a greatly improved service by the society and that a democratic system of elections for executive committee members will be [made sure] .

Attendants ensured a steady feed to each head by scraping the material into a flow of water delivering into the mortars .
attendants [made sure] a steady feed to each head by scraping the material into a flow of water delivering into the mortars .

Opening his travelling exhibitions gave Carolan plenty of opportunities to speak , and the `` Left is Right Group `` ensured that he spoke to enthusiastic audiences of his followers .
opening his travelling exhibitions gave carolan plenty of opportunities to speak , and the `` left is right group `` [made sure] that he spoke to enthusiastic audiences of his followers .

This has ensured the realization of the Bank 's principal objective — that of increased competition and the minimization of the cost of funding the Government 's financing requirements .
this has [made sure] the realization of the bank 's principal objective — that of increased competition and the minimization of the cost of funding the government 's financing requirements .

When insulin was isolated at the Toronto Medical School in 1922 , a far-sighted decision by an executive of the Eli Lilly Company ensured the dominance of his firm in commercial production .
when insulin was isolated at the toronto medical school in 1922 , a far-sighted decision by an executive of the eli lilly company [made sure] the dominance of his firm in commercial production .

In the first vote of the day , they ensured that Central Committee members and regional party secretaries not elected as delegates were allowed to attend the congress only as observers .
in the first vote of the day , they [made sure] that central committee members and regional party secretaries not elected as delegates were allowed to attend the congress only as observers .

But her other Scottish attendants were quickly despatched home ; only at the insistence of Mary of Guise was her daughter 's governess , Lady Fleming , allowed to remain — until 1551 , when a brief affair with the French king ensured her disgrace and expulsion .
but her other scottish attendants were quickly despatched home ; only at the insistence of mary of guise was her daughter 's governess , lady fleming , allowed to remain — until 1551 , when a brief affair with the french king [made sure] her disgrace and expulsion .

But the Protestant Elizabeth , the queen whom he thought he was flattering by likening her to Deborah ( the prophetess who , with the help of the Lord , saved Israel from the Canaanites ) , was never to forgive him , and this ensured that his role in the years of success for the Scottish Protestants after 1560 was less than it might otherwise have been .
but the protestant elizabeth , the queen whom he thought he was flattering by likening her to deborah ( the prophetess who , with the help of the lord , saved israel from the canaanites ) , was never to forgive him , and this [made sure] that his role in the years of success for the scottish protestants after 1560 was less than it might otherwise have been .

The commitment of Paisley and his supporters to protesting against both religious apostasy and political compromise ensured that the movement would eventually be confronted by the legal powers of the state .
the commitment of paisley and his supporters to protesting against both religious apostasy and political compromise [made sure] that the movement would eventually be confronted by the legal powers of the state .

This enchanting white-faced chestnut could be excitable before her races — it was the Royal Hunt Cup winner Come On The Blues , her travelling companion and calming influence , on whom she had her crush — but was admirably genuine , and her home-stretch surge to bring British racing its first great triumph in the Breeders ' Cup ensured that the affection in which she was held during her racing career would not fade .
this enchanting white-faced chestnut could be excitable before her races — it was the royal hunt cup winner come on the blues , her travelling companion and calming influence , on whom she had her crush — but was admirably genuine , and her home-stretch surge to bring british racing its first great triumph in the breeders ' cup [made sure] that the affection in which she was held during her racing career would not fade .

It was a surge of acceleration which in any normal race would have ensured victory , but this was no normal race : suddenly Dancing Brave was there , charging up the middle of the track with a relentless power .
it was a surge of acceleration which in any normal race would have [made sure] victory , but this was no normal race : suddenly dancing brave was there , charging up the middle of the track with a relentless power .

Controlling the way her image was seen around the world ensured that Kylie made the most of her success as her face became familiar all across the globe .
controlling the way her image was seen around the world [made sure] that kylie made the most of her success as her face became familiar all across the globe .

Others included Cecil Parkinson , whose devotion ensured his survival even after an undistinguished ministerial career and despite his former mistress presenting their illegitimate child to the press .
others included cecil parkinson , whose devotion [made sure] his survival even after an undistinguished ministerial career and despite his former mistress presenting their illegitimate child to the press .

Salha was a woman of strong , open and reassuring character whose links with the women of nearly every household in Huaiwiri through her own daughters and her mother 's sisters ' descent in the women 's line ensured that she had influence in all households .
salha was a woman of strong , open and reassuring character whose links with the women of nearly every household in huaiwiri through her own daughters and her mother 's sisters ' descent in the women 's line [made sure] that she had influence in all households .

They ignored the prior consultations , the use of friendship between secretariat officials and local chairmen which ensured that the business of government was carried on in ways which often responded to local needs .
they ignored the prior consultations , the use of friendship between secretariat officials and local chairmen which [made sure] that the business of government was carried on in ways which often responded to local needs .

Yeltsin supporters , who formed a ‘ creative coalition ’ within the chamber , have ensured that the emergency powers to rule by decree for a year , which Congress bestowed on the President last autumn , remain wholly intact .
yeltsin supporters , who formed a ‘ creative coalition ’ within the chamber , have [made sure] that the emergency powers to rule by decree for a year , which congress bestowed on the president last autumn , remain wholly intact .

Torrential rain had left the game in some doubt and the waterlogged pitch ensured a tentative start by both sides .
torrential rain had left the game in some doubt and the waterlogged pitch [made sure] a tentative start by both sides .

Having ensured that a sterile first half ended goalless by making a tremendous reaction save to thwart Olney , Grobbelaar , who has been walking a selection tightrope all season , then allowed a far from ferocious low shot by Daley at the end of a thrilling 50-yard burst to slip under him and into the net .
having [made sure] that a sterile first half ended goalless by making a tremendous reaction save to thwart olney , grobbelaar , who has been walking a selection tightrope all season , then allowed a far from ferocious low shot by daley at the end of a thrilling 50-yard burst to slip under him and into the net .

When his form is good , he straight drives with awesome certainty , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has ensured a boundary .
when his form is good , he straight drives with awesome certainty , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has [made sure] a boundary .

When his form is good , he straight drives with awesome certainty , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has ensured a boundary .
when his form is good , he straight drives with awesome certainty , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has [made sure] a boundary .

Two events occurred that ensured , for the time being at least , no such a change in Congressional attitudes would occur .
two events occurred that [made sure] , for the time being at least , no such a change in congressional attitudes would occur .

The stability of the organochlorines , an advantage in their industrial applications , ensured that they were not broken down in the natural environment .
the stability of the organochlorines , an advantage in their industrial applications , [made sure] that they were not broken down in the natural environment .

The rest of the wickets slipped away , 209 all out gave England a win by 19 runs and , as Pakistan had already beaten Australia , ensured that the final would be between them and England .
the rest of the wickets slipped away , 209 all out gave england a win by 19 runs and , as pakistan had already beaten australia , [made sure] that the final would be between them and england .

First , Mr Deng was more committed to the power of the Communist Party and to party discipline , although he also understood that as long as basic stability and prosperity were ensured , the party should guide but not govern .
first , mr deng was more committed to the power of the communist party and to party discipline , although he also understood that as long as basic stability and prosperity were [made sure] , the party should guide but not govern .

That is why , if the stock exchange had built Taurus many years ago , as promised , it could also have ensured the earlier abolition of stamp duty .
that is why , if the stock exchange had built taurus many years ago , as promised , it could also have [made sure] the earlier abolition of stamp duty .

Morgan and others gave birth to the modern American corporation , but ensured that its mouth contained a silver spoon .
morgan and others gave birth to the modern american corporation , but [made sure] that its mouth contained a silver spoon .

In Pakistan an old system dating from the British occupation has ensured that large parts of the North-West Frontier Province remain out of bounds to government officials .
in pakistan an old system dating from the british occupation has [made sure] that large parts of the north-west frontier province remain out of bounds to government officials .

While we stood for election alongside the men , a decision taken in July by Labour MPs to bring more women into prominent positions in the party ensured that at least three women would be elected .
while we stood for election alongside the men , a decision taken in july by labour mps to bring more women into prominent positions in the party [made sure] that at least three women would be elected .

The presence of hundreds of journalists for the game ensured the kind of publicity that Miami preferred not to have .
the presence of hundreds of journalists for the game [made sure] the kind of publicity that miami preferred not to have .

The description of the battle is a stirring account of one of the most important in the history of Europe , one which ensured peace for 50 years .
the description of the battle is a stirring account of one of the most important in the history of europe , one which [made sure] peace for 50 years .

Further forward , Clarke ensured that Wright 's return after injury was not to be a gentle reintroduction , and the England central defender had to be at his very best .
further forward , clarke [made sure] that wright 's return after injury was not to be a gentle reintroduction , and the england central defender had to be at his very best .

Fiji 's scintillating performance was a long way from their fumbling 15-aside showing in France during the World Cup and one of their newcomers , Mesake Rasari , ensured the player of the tournament award by scoring three tries against New Zealand .
fiji 's scintillating performance was a long way from their fumbling 15-aside showing in france during the world cup and one of their newcomers , mesake rasari , [made sure] the player of the tournament award by scoring three tries against new zealand .

Their habits have probably always been similar , and if survival is to be taken as a measure of success , their conservative way of life has ensured them of a leading place in the evolutionary marathon .
their habits have probably always been similar , and if survival is to be taken as a measure of success , their conservative way of life has [made sure] them of a leading place in the evolutionary marathon .

the dependence of smaller states , Prussia 's ability to exert pressure in issues such as transport , tax , defence , for instance : in short , her political weight ensured her superiority … Prussian ministers took the lead in the federal Council , Prussian initiatives dominated in legislation .
the dependence of smaller states , prussia 's ability to exert pressure in issues such as transport , tax , defence , for instance : in short , her political weight [made sure] her superiority … prussian ministers took the lead in the federal council , prussian initiatives dominated in legislation .

This practice ensured as many bondholders as possible were reliable club members .
this practice [made sure] as many bondholders as possible were reliable club members .

It was the questions he implied rather than their apparently subjectivist formulation that ensured his place in current history .
it was the questions he implied rather than their apparently subjectivist formulation that [made sure] his place in current history .

It is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .
it is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that [made sure] the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .

We have ensured that Britain is at the heart of Europe ; a strong and respected partner .
we have [made sure] that britain is at the heart of europe ; a strong and respected partner .

We have ensured that the safety of employees comes first , and have given thousands the opportunity of acquiring a stake in their industry .
we have [made sure] that the safety of employees comes first , and have given thousands the opportunity of acquiring a stake in their industry .

More generally , creation has always been understood as an act of God 's grace , something He could perfectly well have chosen not to do , rather than some kind of necessary mechanism through which He ensured His own existence .
more generally , creation has always been understood as an act of god 's grace , something he could perfectly well have chosen not to do , rather than some kind of necessary mechanism through which he [made sure] his own existence .

If a builder is entrusted with the work , it must be ensured through a full briefing and careful supervision that only conscientious , knowledgeable and skilled tradesmen are employed who are able to give rational advice on the proper nature and extent of the remedial treatment if the initial assessment of the degree of damage proves to be inaccurate .
if a builder is entrusted with the work , it must be [made sure] through a full briefing and careful supervision that only conscientious , knowledgeable and skilled tradesmen are employed who are able to give rational advice on the proper nature and extent of the remedial treatment if the initial assessment of the degree of damage proves to be inaccurate .

Rank 's policy of having nothing to do with television prevented Balcon from becoming involved in any of the bids to secure a commercial television franchise in 1955 , and ensured that the film industry had no stake in the new medium .
rank 's policy of having nothing to do with television prevented balcon from becoming involved in any of the bids to secure a commercial television franchise in 1955 , and [made sure] that the film industry had no stake in the new medium .

But his mere appearance ensured a packed audience , eager for anything approaching intentional humour at their party conference .
but his mere appearance [made sure] a packed audience , eager for anything approaching intentional humour at their party conference .

In Easton , the dislike of it made some policemen reluctant to attend certain sorts of incident where a great deal of paperwork could be expected ( such as road traffic accidents ) , although means of formal control usually ensured they responded in the end .
in easton , the dislike of it made some policemen reluctant to attend certain sorts of incident where a great deal of paperwork could be expected ( such as road traffic accidents ) , although means of formal control usually [made sure] they responded in the end .

His sense of proportion and balance ensured that his music flowed no matter how the level of his inspiration varied .
his sense of proportion and balance [made sure] that his music flowed no matter how the level of his inspiration varied .

Professor Dudek had envisaged the series coming out in paper covers ( the format that was just becoming the way to the mass market ) ; Leonard ensured that it went into hard ; Dudek had not meant the books to be prestigious in format but vehicles of introduction ; Leonard saw to it that his book could stand alongside the best that there were from both sides of the Atlantic .
professor dudek had envisaged the series coming out in paper covers ( the format that was just becoming the way to the mass market ) ; leonard [made sure] that it went into hard ; dudek had not meant the books to be prestigious in format but vehicles of introduction ; leonard saw to it that his book could stand alongside the best that there were from both sides of the atlantic .

Their talent for self-promotion ensured that many people turned up at the Ritz to witness the intriguing spectacle of The Smiths falling on their collective backsides .
their talent for self-promotion [made sure] that many people turned up at the ritz to witness the intriguing spectacle of the smiths falling on their collective backsides .

Her winning time of 19:55 over the 5600m course , ensured the 19-year-old Parkside runner a place in the six-woman team at the World Cross-Country Championships in Antwerp .
her winning time of 19:55 over the 5600m course , [made sure] the 19-year-old parkside runner a place in the six-woman team at the world cross-country championships in antwerp .

Nevertheless its greater flexibility ensured the eventual triumph of the head-type and many railway companies killed two birds with one stone by building a hotel to serve as station frontage .
nevertheless its greater flexibility [made sure] the eventual triumph of the head-type and many railway companies killed two birds with one stone by building a hotel to serve as station frontage .

The highly competitive conditions of American railroad building ensured that every company was determined to display its power , success , and prestige to its patrons .
the highly competitive conditions of american railroad building [made sure] that every company was determined to display its power , success , and prestige to its patrons .

This ensured that Canadian stations always differed in appearance from the ‘ Dominion ’ styles adopted in Australia , New Zealand , and even South Africa .
this [made sure] that canadian stations always differed in appearance from the ‘ dominion ’ styles adopted in australia , new zealand , and even south africa .

The enormous cost of engineering the lines ensured that little money was left for the stations .
the enormous cost of engineering the lines [made sure] that little money was left for the stations .

In Australia the absence of population in the great central deserts ensured that the stations were built more for the benefit of the trains than for the nonexistent passengers and goods .
in australia the absence of population in the great central deserts [made sure] that the stations were built more for the benefit of the trains than for the nonexistent passengers and goods .

It was the fact that this was essentially a planters ' system which ensured that the stations were built of a standard and elegance which a plantocracy could use with comfort .
it was the fact that this was essentially a planters ' system which [made sure] that the stations were built of a standard and elegance which a plantocracy could use with comfort .

The innovation of Private Eye ensured that deference , if not quite dead , would henceforth have a hard time .
the innovation of private eye [made sure] that deference , if not quite dead , would henceforth have a hard time .

By creating the Redundant Churches Fund , the Church of England has ensured the preservation of some of its very finest buildings .
by creating the redundant churches fund , the church of england has [made sure] the preservation of some of its very finest buildings .

Even when industrialisation took most men out of the home , women ensured that the old neighbourly traditions lived on .
even when industrialisation took most men out of the home , women [made sure] that the old neighbourly traditions lived on .

Much later he joined forces with the fledgling Spitalfields Trust , and their efforts have ensured that since 1961 only two more Georgian houses have been destroyed , and those in flagrant defiance of the law .
much later he joined forces with the fledgling spitalfields trust , and their efforts have [made sure] that since 1961 only two more georgian houses have been destroyed , and those in flagrant defiance of the law .

Furthermore , this lack of a detailed history of Conservatism has handicapped the study of Thatcherism itself , for the absence of a clear historical perspective has ensured that , in spite of the proliferation of literature , the ideological origins of the Thatcherite Revolution remain obscure .
furthermore , this lack of a detailed history of conservatism has handicapped the study of thatcherism itself , for the absence of a clear historical perspective has [made sure] that , in spite of the proliferation of literature , the ideological origins of the thatcherite revolution remain obscure .

In other words , the Conservative party , and its propertied core constituency , became interested in new forms of appeal and organization when it became apparent that the political reliability and social stability of the lower orders could no longer be ensured by traditional methods of social and political control .
in other words , the conservative party , and its propertied core constituency , became interested in new forms of appeal and organization when it became apparent that the political reliability and social stability of the lower orders could no longer be [made sure] by traditional methods of social and political control .

In Joseph Rowntree 's words , this ensured ‘ that residents should not be placed in the position of being recipients of a bounty ’ .
in joseph rowntree 's words , this [made sure] ‘ that residents should not be placed in the position of being recipients of a bounty ’ .

The imposition of a severe censorship and the sacking of all hostile editors ( there were almost no spetsy in the press ) immediately upon the seizure of power in October 191 7 had ensured its smooth running from the political and administrative point of view .
the imposition of a severe censorship and the sacking of all hostile editors ( there were almost no spetsy in the press ) immediately upon the seizure of power in october 191 7 had [made sure] its smooth running from the political and administrative point of view .

For a given outlay of local currency it has ensured a higher value of imports than would have been available under a market valuation of the currency .
for a given outlay of local currency it has [made sure] a higher value of imports than would have been available under a market valuation of the currency .

In the 1950s and 1960s this ensured the rapid dissemination of such skills into towns and villages all over Kenya , and this process is being constantly reinforced .
in the 1950s and 1960s this [made sure] the rapid dissemination of such skills into towns and villages all over kenya , and this process is being constantly reinforced .

With its political basis ensured , the government could now settle down to consolidate and enjoy the fruits of recovery .
with its political basis [made sure] , the government could now settle down to consolidate and enjoy the fruits of recovery .

Their existence , like that of other nationalist splinter groups , was vital to the continuance of a Labour government , and private negotiations with them ( amongst whom was now numbered Enoch Powell ) ensured that their numbers in the new House of Commons would be raised from 12 to 18 .
their existence , like that of other nationalist splinter groups , was vital to the continuance of a labour government , and private negotiations with them ( amongst whom was now numbered enoch powell ) [made sure] that their numbers in the new house of commons would be raised from 12 to 18 .

Comfortable feet are ensured by a proofed leather upper which is much softer than most other lightweight boots , while a shock-absorbing wedge in midsole cushions every step .
comfortable feet are [made sure] by a proofed leather upper which is much softer than most other lightweight boots , while a shock-absorbing wedge in midsole cushions every step .

Not the retiring type : Tony Rudd 's outspokenness and engineering prowess ensured an eventful career with some significant names in motoring
not the retiring type : tony rudd 's outspokenness and engineering prowess [made sure] an eventful career with some significant names in motoring

They have always had a certain macho image and reasonable new prices have ensured that residual values are sensible .
they have always had a certain macho image and reasonable new prices have [made sure] that residual values are sensible .

Through monogamy , men obtained a sexual monopoly over individual women by which they ensured that the children of these women were their own .
through monogamy , men obtained a sexual monopoly over individual women by which they [made sure] that the children of these women were their own .

Their football was a credit to Hand , and Cecere ensured that it would at least be rewarded by an extra 30 minutes when he collected Maskell 's pass and tucked the ball behind Steve Sutton .
their football was a credit to hand , and cecere [made sure] that it would at least be rewarded by an extra 30 minutes when he collected maskell 's pass and tucked the ball behind steve sutton .

In the only giant-killing acts , Tranmere , top of the Third , defeated Ipswich , struggling in the Second , with a Chris Malkin goal ( 2-0 overall ) while Exeter ensured that the Fourth will have at least one representative in the third round .
in the only giant-killing acts , tranmere , top of the third , defeated ipswich , struggling in the second , with a chris malkin goal ( 2-0 overall ) while exeter [made sure] that the fourth will have at least one representative in the third round .

In addition , through a well-established tradition of legislative lobbying coupled with the complete juxtaposition of vested interests , the corporate businesses which largely control the extremely lucrative coal mining industry in Appalachia have ensured that while the profits returned from their increasingly automated ‘ long-wall ’ style of mining are being safely accumulated , the mineral taxes which they pay are derisory
in addition , through a well-established tradition of legislative lobbying coupled with the complete juxtaposition of vested interests , the corporate businesses which largely control the extremely lucrative coal mining industry in appalachia have [made sure] that while the profits returned from their increasingly automated ‘ long-wall ’ style of mining are being safely accumulated , the mineral taxes which they pay are derisory

During the next three years , nearly 10,000 million dollars were made available to Europe in ‘ Marshall Aid ’ , which not only enabled Europe to recover and increase goods and services by twenty-five per cent over that three years , but also ensured a market for American-made goods .
during the next three years , nearly 10,000 million dollars were made available to europe in ‘ marshall aid ’ , which not only enabled europe to recover and increase goods and services by twenty-five per cent over that three years , but also [made sure] a market for american-made goods .

There was considerable farmer involvement in the decision-making and administration of the co-operatives and this , allied to good management , ensured a firm control .
there was considerable farmer involvement in the decision-making and administration of the co-operatives and this , allied to good management , [made sure] a firm control .

Summer was the time when the town dwellers flocked to the countryside for their holidays and in winter the many ski activities ensured a constant demand for living quarters .
summer was the time when the town dwellers flocked to the countryside for their holidays and in winter the many ski activities [made sure] a constant demand for living quarters .

By the simple expedient of giving Charles control of the military elements of his kingdom , Pepin may have ensured that his elder son would retain greater control .
by the simple expedient of giving charles control of the military elements of his kingdom , pepin may have [made sure] that his elder son would retain greater control .

This moderate policy ensured that Italy would not be a perpetual hotbed of revolt and dissension .
this moderate policy [made sure] that italy would not be a perpetual hotbed of revolt and dissension .

Convinced of the Texel 's potential , despite the breed 's bumpy start in the early days when too many part-bred rams were passed off as pures , the Martins ensured they would take time in selecting sound foundation stock .
convinced of the texel 's potential , despite the breed 's bumpy start in the early days when too many part-bred rams were passed off as pures , the martins [made sure] they would take time in selecting sound foundation stock .

By the late 1920s the activities of birth control groups ensured that the matter was openly discussed , the matter being almost a compulsory subject for discussion in the local meetings of the Women 's Section of the Labour Party .
by the late 1920s the activities of birth control groups [made sure] that the matter was openly discussed , the matter being almost a compulsory subject for discussion in the local meetings of the women 's section of the labour party .

His almost religious conviction that the preservation of the gold standard was essential to British economic growth , plus his belief in the primacy of the state over party , ensured that he lacked ‘ the ability and willingness to jettison cherished assumptions in the face of changing realities .
his almost religious conviction that the preservation of the gold standard was essential to british economic growth , plus his belief in the primacy of the state over party , [made sure] that he lacked ‘ the ability and willingness to jettison cherished assumptions in the face of changing realities .

Most obviously , its rising trade-union support ensured that it was to become the party of the working class , a process which was speeded up by the split within the Liberal Party during the First World War .
most obviously , its rising trade-union support [made sure] that it was to become the party of the working class , a process which was speeded up by the split within the liberal party during the first world war .

Combined with other factors , the economic situation in Britain ensured the continued success of the Labour Party , despite the political setbacks of 1931 .
combined with other factors , the economic situation in britain [made sure] the continued success of the labour party , despite the political setbacks of 1931 .

Yet it might also be argued that the major political parties ensured that , despite the attention which Mosley attracted , the fascists were going to be marginalized .
yet it might also be argued that the major political parties [made sure] that , despite the attention which mosley attracted , the fascists were going to be marginalized .

In reality , the unhappy experiences of United Motors at its Dublin plant had effectively ensured that no major future expansion would be undertaken in that enigmatic country for many years .
in reality , the unhappy experiences of united motors at its dublin plant had effectively [made sure] that no major future expansion would be undertaken in that enigmatic country for many years .

Elaborate funerary rites , strenuously promoted by the emergent trade of the undertakers , ensured that the social pretensions of the middle-class would extend as far into the next world as money could take them .
elaborate funerary rites , strenuously promoted by the emergent trade of the undertakers , [made sure] that the social pretensions of the middle-class would extend as far into the next world as money could take them .

The secular temper of the times , however , ensured that the more extreme theories connected with evolution continued to gain ground .
the secular temper of the times , however , [made sure] that the more extreme theories connected with evolution continued to gain ground .

We nevertheless ensured that as individuals they were selected in a random way , by using an earlier sample survey as our starting list .
we nevertheless [made sure] that as individuals they were selected in a random way , by using an earlier sample survey as our starting list .

Accuracy is best ensured by writing an exact description of what is seen while looking at it and checking the completed description before moving on .
accuracy is best [made sure] by writing an exact description of what is seen while looking at it and checking the completed description before moving on .

The church was built for the German Lutherans in Prague between 1611 and 1613 , after the Letter of Majesty ( 1609 ) ensured freedom of worship once more to all ( see p. 9 ) .
the church was built for the german lutherans in prague between 1611 and 1613 , after the letter of majesty ( 1609 ) [made sure] freedom of worship once more to all ( see p. 9 ) .

Once , the oral tradition ensured that knowledge went not only to the brain but to the heart , to become the synthesis from within .
once , the oral tradition [made sure] that knowledge went not only to the brain but to the heart , to become the synthesis from within .

To a growing number of health professionals it was self-evident that Israel 's priority was the application of a system which ensured dependence and control rather than the good health of the community .
to a growing number of health professionals it was self-evident that israel 's priority was the application of a system which [made sure] dependence and control rather than the good health of the community .

The perverse laws of sexual attraction ensured that this lack of interest only added to the appeal of her generously-made , rosy beauty .
the perverse laws of sexual attraction [made sure] that this lack of interest only added to the appeal of her generously-made , rosy beauty .

Over the past few months , for instance , our Government has single-handedly ensured that the new directive on efficiency standards for boilers ended up far weaker than initially proposed by the commission .
over the past few months , for instance , our government has single-handedly [made sure] that the new directive on efficiency standards for boilers ended up far weaker than initially proposed by the commission .

Hopes of a mini-boom and perhaps another cut in interest rates ensured plenty of support for the stores .
hopes of a mini-boom and perhaps another cut in interest rates [made sure] plenty of support for the stores .

With the Malayan campaign and three tours in Northern Ireland behind him , Skinner knew just what the Army 's requirements were , and as far as possible ensured they were met .
with the malayan campaign and three tours in northern ireland behind him , skinner knew just what the army 's requirements were , and as far as possible [made sure] they were met .

When inserting posts or stakes into the ground for use as fence supports , good rigidity can be ensured by inserting the post through the centre of a four-litre plastic ice cream carton , then filling it with concrete mix .
when inserting posts or stakes into the ground for use as fence supports , good rigidity can be [made sure] by inserting the post through the centre of a four-litre plastic ice cream carton , then filling it with concrete mix .

Their promised availability and utilisation was such that one new vehicle was expected to replace two old ones , and thus considerable cost savings were ensured .
their promised availability and utilisation was such that one new vehicle was expected to replace two old ones , and thus considerable cost savings were [made sure] .

According to the researchers , highly specific antibodies have ensured that the technique is a success .
according to the researchers , highly specific antibodies have [made sure] that the technique is a success .

Wilf Medlam 's task was clearly not an easy one , but his efforts have ensured that at least one little country mill has been saved in order to show future generations just how a mill of 1830 would have been operated .
wilf medlam 's task was clearly not an easy one , but his efforts have [made sure] that at least one little country mill has been saved in order to show future generations just how a mill of 1830 would have been operated .

The size of the palazzo , and the intricacy of its design ensured a very long building period , the main staircase being completed only at the end of the century , after Alessi 's death .
the size of the palazzo , and the intricacy of its design [made sure] a very long building period , the main staircase being completed only at the end of the century , after alessi 's death .

Furthermore , full discussions with the National Rivers Authority have ensured that the water taken will not detract from the overall beauty of the Falls , and neither will the mosses and other flora be affected .
furthermore , full discussions with the national rivers authority have [made sure] that the water taken will not detract from the overall beauty of the falls , and neither will the mosses and other flora be affected .

We have done our best to protect her ; we ensured she would not see the baby at birth , removing him from the Maternity Unit as soon as he was delivered .
we have done our best to protect her ; we [made sure] she would not see the baby at birth , removing him from the maternity unit as soon as he was delivered .

In the early days of man 's evolution natural forces ensured that these individuals were weeded out of the human race and could not reproduce , but science has altered all that , made it possible to rear such frail specimens .
in the early days of man 's evolution natural forces [made sure] that these individuals were weeded out of the human race and could not reproduce , but science has altered all that , made it possible to rear such frail specimens .

The workers , wanting participation in management , exerted pressure on the union leadership and the government , who came to an agreement in December 1970 , that ensured the participation of workers in the running of enterprises in the social and mixed sectors of the economy .
the workers , wanting participation in management , exerted pressure on the union leadership and the government , who came to an agreement in december 1970 , that [made sure] the participation of workers in the running of enterprises in the social and mixed sectors of the economy .

Only the Maronites felt able to drink from the cup of French tutelage and even they quickly found that the chalice contained a special , colonial poison , the effects of which would be passed on to future generations ; for by adding such large areas of Muslim Syria to the new ‘ Lebanon ’ , the French ensured that the Christians ' precarious status as the largest religious community would — once the Muslim birthrate increased — be lost .
only the maronites felt able to drink from the cup of french tutelage and even they quickly found that the chalice contained a special , colonial poison , the effects of which would be passed on to future generations ; for by adding such large areas of muslim syria to the new ‘ lebanon ’ , the french [made sure] that the christians ' precarious status as the largest religious community would — once the muslim birthrate increased — be lost .

The Syrians ensured the continuation of Maronite rule by arranging for the installation of Elias Sarkis , a banker of political probity whose rule was to be marked by the further collapse of the country he promised to save .
the syrians [made sure] the continuation of maronite rule by arranging for the installation of elias sarkis , a banker of political probity whose rule was to be marked by the further collapse of the country he promised to save .

Yet it was often an element in earlier national struggles — in the Low Countries , between the Protestant north and the Catholic south ( where the Spanish Crown ensured , through the Inquisition , that the Catholic faith remained the religion of the loyalists ) .
yet it was often an element in earlier national struggles — in the low countries , between the protestant north and the catholic south ( where the spanish crown [made sure] , through the inquisition , that the catholic faith remained the religion of the loyalists ) .

In a strong judgment the Court also claimed that the ‘ dignity and freedom of an individual in a democratic society can not be ensured if his communications of a private nature , be they written or telephonic , are deliberately , consciously and unjustifiably intruded upon and interfered with ’ .
in a strong judgment the court also claimed that the ‘ dignity and freedom of an individual in a democratic society can not be [made sure] if his communications of a private nature , be they written or telephonic , are deliberately , consciously and unjustifiably intruded upon and interfered with ’ .

The Thames marshes ensured that the ague was carried into the courts of kings , who were less resistant to it than the hardy fen men .
the thames marshes [made sure] that the ague was carried into the courts of kings , who were less resistant to it than the hardy fen men .

It was the flood itself which often ensured the rich grazing .
it was the flood itself which often [made sure] the rich grazing .

Successive new channels cut in 1402 and 1455 failed to remedy the problem , and Pevensey Castle , which still rises dramatically above the marshes whose creation ensured its demise , was abandoned .
successive new channels cut in 1402 and 1455 failed to remedy the problem , and pevensey castle , which still rises dramatically above the marshes whose creation [made sure] its demise , was abandoned .

They appointed Cromwell their advocate at the commission of sewers in Huntingdon , and he ensured that a clause concerning the commandeering of common land was included in the catalogue of complaints known as the Grand Remonstrance presented to the king in 1641 .
they appointed cromwell their advocate at the commission of sewers in huntingdon , and he [made sure] that a clause concerning the commandeering of common land was included in the catalogue of complaints known as the grand remonstrance presented to the king in 1641 .

When war broke out in 1939 , the combination of a depressed agriculture at home and a convenient empire abroad had ensured that around 70 per cent of the nation 's food was imported from overseas .
when war broke out in 1939 , the combination of a depressed agriculture at home and a convenient empire abroad had [made sure] that around 70 per cent of the nation 's food was imported from overseas .

So complete was this victory that it ensured a kind of uneasy peace for nearly three years .
so complete was this victory that it [made sure] a kind of uneasy peace for nearly three years .

He captured this easily and chased Isaac inland , having ensured the safety of Berengaria and Joan .
he captured this easily and chased isaac inland , having [made sure] the safety of berengaria and joan .

He placed an old towel on the bathroom floor so that it would not get wet and he ensured that everything he needed was within reach so that he did not have to move from the spot and so drip water everywhere .
he placed an old towel on the bathroom floor so that it would not get wet and he [made sure] that everything he needed was within reach so that he did not have to move from the spot and so drip water everywhere .

It was a painstaking process , which ensured that he spent many hours in churchyards as a young man .
it was a painstaking process , which [made sure] that he spent many hours in churchyards as a young man .

Even then it ensured that there would be emasculating exemptions .
even then it [made sure] that there would be emasculating exemptions .

The Committee would have liked to secure legislation which ensured that at least the existence of every computerised system handling personal information was known : such provisions apply in other Western democracies , but the British tradition of shielding National Security matters even from Parliamentary scrutiny militated against such disclosures here .
the committee would have liked to secure legislation which [made sure] that at least the existence of every computerised system handling personal information was known : such provisions apply in other western democracies , but the british tradition of shielding national security matters even from parliamentary scrutiny militated against such disclosures here .

The greenbelts have so far ensured that towns and cities do not sprawl into one another .
the greenbelts have so far [made sure] that towns and cities do not sprawl into one another .

Rather than contend with the pain of being left , he ensured that relationships broke down if they were in danger of becoming important to him .
rather than contend with the pain of being left , he [made sure] that relationships broke down if they were in danger of becoming important to him .

By that time , of course , he would already have effected a great many ministerial and policy changes , but there would still have been sufficient sense of novelty about everything he touched to have ensured his eventual victory at the polls .
by that time , of course , he would already have effected a great many ministerial and policy changes , but there would still have been sufficient sense of novelty about everything he touched to have [made sure] his eventual victory at the polls .

As far as wages were concerned the development officers collected support workers ' timesheets each week , ensured that they were received by the wages office , and then distributed pay cheques ( or cash ) to their workers .
as far as wages were concerned the development officers collected support workers ' timesheets each week , [made sure] that they were received by the wages office , and then distributed pay cheques ( or cash ) to their workers .

The selective breeding techniques used became blueprints for other breeders and ensured that the Shorthorn quickly ousted Bakewell 's then ubiquitous Longhorn .
the selective breeding techniques used became blueprints for other breeders and [made sure] that the shorthorn quickly ousted bakewell 's then ubiquitous longhorn .

At home , the cows were managed by the women , who hand-milked them and ensured that they continued to yield plenty of good quality milk and were selected for being docile and good-tempered .
at home , the cows were managed by the women , who hand-milked them and [made sure] that they continued to yield plenty of good quality milk and were selected for being docile and good-tempered .

Pressure on available land ensured that less productive animals were culled regularly and the combination of these factors , along with what seems to be a natural milkiness among the lowland cattle of northwest Europe , produced dairy stock of the highest quality .
pressure on available land [made sure] that less productive animals were culled regularly and the combination of these factors , along with what seems to be a natural milkiness among the lowland cattle of northwest europe , produced dairy stock of the highest quality .

Opposition by burghers , who feared for the fishing , ensured that Plymouth Dock , later Devonport , was later chosen instead .
opposition by burghers , who feared for the fishing , [made sure] that plymouth dock , later devonport , was later chosen instead .

Boilies actually encouraged the carp to suck them back to their pharyngeal teeth in order to crush them ; this in turn ensured that the large hook entered well into their mouths .
boilies actually encouraged the carp to suck them back to their pharyngeal teeth in order to crush them ; this in turn [made sure] that the large hook entered well into their mouths .

Social security ensured that the costs of mass retirement were kept as low as possible and were spread over the whole population rather than falling only on employers .
social security [made sure] that the costs of mass retirement were kept as low as possible and were spread over the whole population rather than falling only on employers .

higher levels of income should be ensured for older workers ;
higher levels of income should be [made sure] for older workers ;

This ensured the future of its annual life saving patrols that take place each summer .
this [made sure] the future of its annual life saving patrols that take place each summer .

When he took over in October 1964 , he enjoyed two other advantages : his majority of four ensured that the fractious Parliamentary Labour Party would have to behave ; and , apart from Patrick Gordon Walker , whom he appointed Foreign Secretary , and James Griffiths , who was sent to the newly created Welsh Office , only he possessed Cabinet experience .
when he took over in october 1964 , he enjoyed two other advantages : his majority of four [made sure] that the fractious parliamentary labour party would have to behave ; and , apart from patrick gordon walker , whom he appointed foreign secretary , and james griffiths , who was sent to the newly created welsh office , only he possessed cabinet experience .

… If … one prescient soul at your level , say , early in 1982 , … really had thought ministers should be forced to meet on this issue and they kept postponing discussions on the Falklands , could you as Permanent Secretary of Defence have ensured that relevant Cabinet ministers did get together and look at the problem rationally and seriously , in so far as it 's possible , in time ? Could you have shifted it as an individual in the right direction ?
… if … one prescient soul at your level , say , early in 1982 , … really had thought ministers should be forced to meet on this issue and they kept postponing discussions on the falklands , could you as permanent secretary of defence have [made sure] that relevant cabinet ministers did get together and look at the problem rationally and seriously , in so far as it 's possible , in time ? could you have shifted it as an individual in the right direction ?

Traditional agricultural practices in the uplands of Wales have generally ensured in the past that agriculture and nature conservation have been compatible .
traditional agricultural practices in the uplands of wales have generally [made sure] in the past that agriculture and nature conservation have been compatible .

Blackpool 's experiences with its 47 post-war trams , of which only one Coronation and seven trailers are now running , ensured that any new cars would be well researched before going into production .
blackpool 's experiences with its 47 post-war trams , of which only one coronation and seven trailers are now running , [made sure] that any new cars would be well researched before going into production .

The success of the 1925 Lights ensured that there would be an even bigger display in the following year .
the success of the 1925 lights [made sure] that there would be an even bigger display in the following year .

All this minimised waste and thus ensured that each party contributed its fair share to the society .
all this minimised waste and thus [made sure] that each party contributed its fair share to the society .

The attentions of powerful lords in the Middle Ages brought borough status , a castle , and the right to hold a market and a fair , and ensured that Stowey was quickly established as one of the most important places between Bridgwater and Williton .
the attentions of powerful lords in the middle ages brought borough status , a castle , and the right to hold a market and a fair , and [made sure] that stowey was quickly established as one of the most important places between bridgwater and williton .

Just how is this participation to be ensured ?
just how is this participation to be [made sure] ?

Time , distance , and social isolation ensured that each patrolling constable carried a mobile Panopticon with him .
time , distance , and social isolation [made sure] that each patrolling constable carried a mobile panopticon with him .

Given the major schisms within the lower class of the street — encompassing both the collective solidarity of a community in relation to outsiders and the entrepreneurship by which individuals ensured their personal survival , and the schisms of age and gender — police relations with that public were inevitably confusing and paradoxical .
given the major schisms within the lower class of the street — encompassing both the collective solidarity of a community in relation to outsiders and the entrepreneurship by which individuals [made sure] their personal survival , and the schisms of age and gender — police relations with that public were inevitably confusing and paradoxical .

It might not induce a particular favour from a police constable but then , as now , it ensured a level of co-operation .
it might not induce a particular favour from a police constable but then , as now , it [made sure] a level of co-operation .

The winner of the toss usually wound his string around his hand except for the last six inches , this ensured a good sharp and hard blow on the other conker .
the winner of the toss usually wound his string around his hand except for the last six inches , this [made sure] a good sharp and hard blow on the other conker .

The industrial revolution changed the scene dramatically and animals for transport gave way to horses kept for sport and pleasure while the success of veterinary surgeons in raising the health standards of agricultural animals ensured that their services would remain in demand .
the industrial revolution changed the scene dramatically and animals for transport gave way to horses kept for sport and pleasure while the success of veterinary surgeons in raising the health standards of agricultural animals [made sure] that their services would remain in demand .

There is no surviving record that Vial , or indeed anyone concerned , had made a detailed study of what would be needed to establish a College with adequate ensured finance , premises and staff , nor is there any indication that his interest extended beyond the horse , to include other domesticated animals .
there is no surviving record that vial , or indeed anyone concerned , had made a detailed study of what would be needed to establish a college with adequate [made sure] finance , premises and staff , nor is there any indication that his interest extended beyond the horse , to include other domesticated animals .

This in effect meant the delivery of only a handful of other lectures : circumstances ensured that no teacher at the College could expect to become knowledgeable on the diseases of farm animals , which practically never came into the College infirmary for attention .
this in effect meant the delivery of only a handful of other lectures : circumstances [made sure] that no teacher at the college could expect to become knowledgeable on the diseases of farm animals , which practically never came into the college infirmary for attention .

The very studies which found the lost world of local politics , did so within a conceptual and methodological framework that ensured it would never be fully understood .
the very studies which found the lost world of local politics , did so within a conceptual and methodological framework that [made sure] it would never be fully understood .

The dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the Community , particularly in the form of concentrations … Such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of European industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the Community … It must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] Community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .
the dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the community , particularly in the form of concentrations … such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of european industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the community … it must be [made sure] that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .

The manner of his death ensured that more than the usual number of people were at the funeral .
the manner of his death [made sure] that more than the usual number of people were at the funeral .

His eagerness to please ensured that he was put upon , and judging by the worn state of his clothes she guessed he was paid a pittance for it .
his eagerness to please [made sure] that he was put upon , and judging by the worn state of his clothes she guessed he was paid a pittance for it .

The treaty ensured it .
the treaty [made sure] it .

In the Middle Ages it was generally accepted that women 's ears turned men on to the same extent as the more obvious feminine attributes ; that is why so may medieval headdresses ensured that women 's ears were discreetly covered .
in the middle ages it was generally accepted that women 's ears turned men on to the same extent as the more obvious feminine attributes ; that is why so may medieval headdresses [made sure] that women 's ears were discreetly covered .

This ensured there was time to make to love to her , an activity that would frequently fill the time as he moved from one lady 's home to another 's .
this [made sure] there was time to make to love to her , an activity that would frequently fill the time as he moved from one lady 's home to another 's .

In 1837 the Committee of The Baltic Exchange , where the owners of cargo ships met shippers wanting cargo space , ensured that everyone who struck a bargain on the floor at St Mary Axe was in a financial position to honour it , that no one was admitted who was insolvent .
in 1837 the committee of the baltic exchange , where the owners of cargo ships met shippers wanting cargo space , [made sure] that everyone who struck a bargain on the floor at st mary axe was in a financial position to honour it , that no one was admitted who was insolvent .

The success of this development ensured that Berkeley won the race to construct the magnetic reversal time-scale .
the success of this development [made sure] that berkeley won the race to construct the magnetic reversal time-scale .

Hen birds store sperm until the eggs need to be fertilised : the male 's behaviour ensured that this store was at least partially emptied before he inseminated the female , thereby giving himself a better chance to fertilise the eggs .
hen birds store sperm until the eggs need to be fertilised : the male 's behaviour [made sure] that this store was at least partially emptied before he inseminated the female , thereby giving himself a better chance to fertilise the eggs .

Of course this 6000 includes some individuals that we picked up more than once ; but by marking the toads we ensured that we counted each one only once each year , and standard marking and recapture techniques enabled us to estimate the size of the population , and the annual rate of mortality and recruitment of newly matured adults to the breeding population .
of course this 6000 includes some individuals that we picked up more than once ; but by marking the toads we [made sure] that we counted each one only once each year , and standard marking and recapture techniques enabled us to estimate the size of the population , and the annual rate of mortality and recruitment of newly matured adults to the breeding population .

The generally accepted idea was a long blockade , said an article by an author specialising in defence ( including attack , of course ) and that the winter season ensured that conventional military tactics would ‘ fly out of the window ’ .
the generally accepted idea was a long blockade , said an article by an author specialising in defence ( including attack , of course ) and that the winter season [made sure] that conventional military tactics would ‘ fly out of the window ’ .

‘ We made our recommendations about 18 months ago , in the belief that present arrangements for licensing drugs ensured that only generic drugs of the highest quality reach the market , ’ Ball said .
‘ we made our recommendations about 18 months ago , in the belief that present arrangements for licensing drugs [made sure] that only generic drugs of the highest quality reach the market , ’ ball said .

But the personalities of the fossil hunters involved have ensured that this protective move by the Ethiopians has developed into an acrimonious tussle .
but the personalities of the fossil hunters involved have [made sure] that this protective move by the ethiopians has developed into an acrimonious tussle .

His fitness and determination ensured that he survived a journey on which a lesser man could have been lost without trace .
his fitness and determination [made sure] that he survived a journey on which a lesser man could have been lost without trace .

The result was therefore an initial policy towards curriculum planning which separated curriculum development from its implementation in schools and which ensured a rapid , but perhaps unnatural , growth , of new ideas and new materials .
the result was therefore an initial policy towards curriculum planning which separated curriculum development from its implementation in schools and which [made sure] a rapid , but perhaps unnatural , growth , of new ideas and new materials .

Influential advocates of existing religions have persistently resisted the use of reason being applied to the word ‘ 'god ’ , and have thus inevitably ensured the ultimate failure of those religions .
influential advocates of existing religions have persistently resisted the use of reason being applied to the word ‘ 'god ’ , and have thus inevitably [made sure] the ultimate failure of those religions .

To return to the possible origin of man 's wish for a god ; his mammalian nature ensured that after birth he was helpless and utterly dependent on his parents , and the father , mother and child situation ruled .
to return to the possible origin of man 's wish for a god ; his mammalian nature [made sure] that after birth he was helpless and utterly dependent on his parents , and the father , mother and child situation ruled .

The growing demand for cross-Channel travel , reflected in the establishment of the Dover-Dunkirk train ferry service in 1936 , ensured that the issue would be revived after the Second World War and Anglo-French meetings were held as early as 1947 .
the growing demand for cross-channel travel , reflected in the establishment of the dover-dunkirk train ferry service in 1936 , [made sure] that the issue would be revived after the second world war and anglo-french meetings were held as early as 1947 .

He greeted Corbett warmly , ensured that the garron was safely returned to its stable in Inverkeithing and then rowed Corbett out across the Forth .
he greeted corbett warmly , [made sure] that the garron was safely returned to its stable in inverkeithing and then rowed corbett out across the forth .

Afterwards , he ensured the men who had accompanied him to Scotland were well before sending Ranulf off to wash their clothes and busy himself about the abbey .
afterwards , he [made sure] the men who had accompanied him to scotland were well before sending ranulf off to wash their clothes and busy himself about the abbey .

If the prophecies were innocent , then who was responsible and , more importantly , who ensured other people knew about them ?
if the prophecies were innocent , then who was responsible and , more importantly , who [made sure] other people knew about them ?

The Tolven Stone in Cornwall ensured fertility in a person if he or she crawled naked through the hole in it .
the tolven stone in cornwall [made sure] fertility in a person if he or she crawled naked through the hole in it .

To celebrate this marvellous achievement , and to pay tribute to all who have ensured its survival , the Ilkley Museum Centenary Liaison Committee , consisting of Bradford Art Galleries and Museums and local Ilkley Societies , has organised an exciting and varied programme of events , including lectures , walks , workshops , music , exhibitions and demonstrations .
to celebrate this marvellous achievement , and to pay tribute to all who have [made sure] its survival , the ilkley museum centenary liaison committee , consisting of bradford art galleries and museums and local ilkley societies , has organised an exciting and varied programme of events , including lectures , walks , workshops , music , exhibitions and demonstrations .

The widespread influence of Kerschensteiner ensured that reformers referred to him for guidance on the matter .
the widespread influence of kerschensteiner [made sure] that reformers referred to him for guidance on the matter .

Henry Dyer , the Scottish educationalist , warned of the ‘ vast forces ’ which needed to be ‘ guided by an intelligent democracy ’ which itself could only be ensured by ‘ an adequate system of education ’ , otherwise , everything ‘ will end in chaos and despotism ’ .
henry dyer , the scottish educationalist , warned of the ‘ vast forces ’ which needed to be ‘ guided by an intelligent democracy ’ which itself could only be [made sure] by ‘ an adequate system of education ’ , otherwise , everything ‘ will end in chaos and despotism ’ .

Punishment alone has never made a bad character into a good one , or even ensured temporary good behaviour .
punishment alone has never made a bad character into a good one , or even [made sure] temporary good behaviour .

Scotland was well endowed with its own gangsters in the '60s , but local sociology ensured that most of them never became famous , unless of course they spent a lifetime suffering in brutal prison cells and re-emerged as award-winning sculptors .
scotland was well endowed with its own gangsters in the '60s , but local sociology [made sure] that most of them never became famous , unless of course they spent a lifetime suffering in brutal prison cells and re-emerged as award-winning sculptors .

Fortunately , technical developments have ensured that the increase in computing power per unit cost has been growing at about an order of magnitude every 6 years over the last three decades .
fortunately , technical developments have [made sure] that the increase in computing power per unit cost has been growing at about an order of magnitude every 6 years over the last three decades .

While this was done for philosophical reasons , it also ensured a direct relationship between architecture and people—it is why even very large Classical buildings feel comfortable .
while this was done for philosophical reasons , it also [made sure] a direct relationship between architecture and people—it is why even very large classical buildings feel comfortable .

The high quality of the seam on Milos ensured that the area remained popular with early travelers .
the high quality of the seam on milos [made sure] that the area remained popular with early travelers .

Kendal was the first town in the area to receive a Market Charter in 1189 , which ensured its commercial prosperity .
kendal was the first town in the area to receive a market charter in 1189 , which [made sure] its commercial prosperity .

The Handover Pavilion was meant to be a temporary structure , but public outcry ensured its preservation ( located on Xian Xing Hai ; open weekdays 10am–6pm , until 10pm weekends ) .
the handover pavilion was meant to be a temporary structure , but public outcry [made sure] its preservation ( located on xian xing hai ; open weekdays 10am–6pm , until 10pm weekends ) .

They ensured that the interests of Jamaica , or at least their own interests on the island , were always at the forefront of decisions made in London .
they [made sure] that the interests of jamaica , or at least their own interests on the island , were always at the forefront of decisions made in london .

Although Ibiza ’ s popularity as a holiday destination has never waned , the events of the past few years — Seville Expo ‘ 92 , the Barcelona Olympics — have ensured its continued success .
although ibiza ’ s popularity as a holiday destination has never waned , the events of the past few years — seville expo ‘ 92 , the barcelona olympics — have [made sure] its continued success .

In 1950 , Winston Churchill spent time on the island painting the fishing port , an interest that ensured its standing as an idyllic , old-world fishing village .
in 1950 , winston churchill spent time on the island painting the fishing port , an interest that [made sure] its standing as an idyllic , old-world fishing village .

The allegiance of this highly privileged and prestigious group was ensured by cementing their ethical principles in the code of bushido , “ the way of the warrior ” : loyalty to one ’ s master , defense of one ’ s status and honor , and fulfillment of all obligations .
the allegiance of this highly privileged and prestigious group was [made sure] by cementing their ethical principles in the code of bushido , “ the way of the warrior ” : loyalty to one ’ s master , defense of one ’ s status and honor , and fulfillment of all obligations .

The industry was decimated by the loss of many Jewish families who ran the major diamond houses , but a slow recovery ensured its survival .
the industry was decimated by the loss of many jewish families who ran the major diamond houses , but a slow recovery [made sure] its survival .

This brutal , fanatical regime murdered hundreds of Budapestis and ensured further destruction of the city by ﬁghting the Red Army to the death .
this brutal , fanatical regime murdered hundreds of budapestis and [made sure] further destruction of the city by ﬁghting the red army to the death .

The industry was decimated by the loss of many Jewish families who ran the major diamond houses , but a slow recovery ensured its survival .
the industry was decimated by the loss of many jewish families who ran the major diamond houses , but a slow recovery [made sure] its survival .

Calpe ’ s popularity with tourists is ensured by two fine sandy beaches .
calpe ’ s popularity with tourists is [made sure] by two fine sandy beaches .

Their natural strengths in agricultural production and trade have ensured their success in the new alliance , and the Netherlands has become an important base for foreign companies who have trade ties in Europe .
their natural strengths in agricultural production and trade have [made sure] their success in the new alliance , and the netherlands has become an important base for foreign companies who have trade ties in europe .

The correct note is ensured by adjusting the mass of metal and its distribution over the surface of the gong .
the correct note is [made sure] by adjusting the mass of metal and its distribution over the surface of the gong .

The development of a new crossbow — which was a longer-range and more accurate weapon than China ’ s foes could deploy — ensured Han supremacy .
the development of a new crossbow — which was a longer-range and more accurate weapon than china ’ s foes could deploy — [made sure] han supremacy .

Then , an able general named Zhaokuangyin ( Chao K ’ uang-yin ) came onto the scene and founded the Song ( Sung ) Dynasty ( 960–1280 ) , which ensured Chinese cultural supremacy for the next three centuries .
then , an able general named zhaokuangyin ( chao k ’ uang-yin ) came onto the scene and founded the song ( sung ) dynasty ( 960–1280 ) , which [made sure] chinese cultural supremacy for the next three centuries .

Its location so close to the new capital ensured its commercial success .
its location so close to the new capital [made sure] its commercial success .

By visiting and benchmarking model performance practices , leaders demonstrated to employees their personal commitment to making the changes needed for their offices or units to become high-performing organizations.16 For example , the Director of one VBA regional office visited several private sector organizations to observe how they processed claims and ensured accuracy .
by visiting and benchmarking model performance practices , leaders demonstrated to employees their personal commitment to making the changes needed for their offices or units to become high-performing organizations.16 for example , the director of one vba regional office visited several private sector organizations to observe how they processed claims and [made sure] accuracy .

The team ensured that all division employees had opportunities to 21 Managing for Results : Federal Managers ' Views on Key Management Issues Vary Widely Across Agencies ( GAO-01-592 , May 25 , 2001 ) .
the team [made sure] that all division employees had opportunities to 21 managing for results : federal managers ' views on key management issues vary widely across agencies ( gao-01-592 , may 25 , 2001 ) .

Finally , they held program reviews and ensured that the design and manufacturing knowledge was captured before moving forward .
finally , they held program reviews and [made sure] that the design and manufacturing knowledge was captured before moving forward .

It also ensured that each company had the requisite knowledge for a product 's design before investing in the development of manufacturing processes and facilities .
it also [made sure] that each company had the requisite knowledge for a product 's design before investing in the development of manufacturing processes and facilities .

Leading commercial companies we visited had spent significant amounts of time and resources to develop and evolve new product development processes that ensured design and manufacturing knowledge was captured at the two critical decision points in product development : when the product 's design was demonstrated to be stable-knowledge point 2-and when the product was demonstrated to be producible at an affordable cost-knowledge point 3 .
leading commercial companies we visited had spent significant amounts of time and resources to develop and evolve new product development processes that [made sure] design and manufacturing knowledge was captured at the two critical decision points in product development : when the product 's design was demonstrated to be stable-knowledge point 2-and when the product was demonstrated to be producible at an affordable cost-knowledge point 3 .

This knowledge , coupled with vast experience in manufacturing trucks , ensured the stability of the 797-truck design before initial manufacturing started .
this knowledge , coupled with vast experience in manufacturing trucks , [made sure] the stability of the 797-truck design before initial manufacturing started .

Though many of the organizations did not consider these agreements to be essential , representatives of one organization considered them important because they clarified and helped to institutionalize agreements , ensured senior management understanding and support , and fostered acceptance of new members .
though many of the organizations did not consider these agreements to be essential , representatives of one organization considered them important because they clarified and helped to institutionalize agreements , [made sure] senior management understanding and support , and fostered acceptance of new members .

Most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .
most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that [made sure] continued and effective information sharing .

The OEM field responder present ensured that they check in with the FDNY chief in charge of the lobby , and it was agreed that the ESU team would ascend and support FDNY personnel .
the oem field responder present [made sure] that they check in with the fdny chief in charge of the lobby , and it was agreed that the esu team would ascend and support fdny personnel .

This exit route ensured that civilians would not be endangered by falling debris and people on West Street , on the plaza between the towers , and on Liberty Street .
this exit route [made sure] that civilians would not be endangered by falling debris and people on west street , on the plaza between the towers , and on liberty street .

He and his national security advisor , Samuel `` Sandy '' Berger , ensured they had a special daily pipeline of reports feeding them the latest updates on Bin Ladin 's reported location .
he and his national security advisor , samuel `` sandy '' berger , [made sure] they had a special daily pipeline of reports feeding them the latest updates on bin ladin 's reported location .

This management should have ensured that information was shared and duties were clearly assigned across agencies , and across the foreign-domestic divide .
this management should have [made sure] that information was shared and duties were clearly assigned across agencies , and across the foreign-domestic divide .

This process ensured removal of fluorescent particulate matter that could be captured by the membrane and might interfere with imaging .
this process [made sure] removal of fluorescent particulate matter that could be captured by the membrane and might interfere with imaging .

Seattle could contend that nothing short of an outright ban on downtown demonstrations would have both protected public safety and ensured that non-protestors ( including WTO delegates ) would be able go about their lawful business .
seattle could contend that nothing short of an outright ban on downtown demonstrations would have both protected public safety and [made sure] that non-protestors ( including wto delegates ) would be able go about their lawful business .

Nichols ensured he 'd be championed by the likes of Larry King and Charlie Rose by casting them both in the movie .
nichols [made sure] he 'd be championed by the likes of larry king and charlie rose by casting them both in the movie .

Retrospectively , says Lewis , the Aug. 17 Russian ruble debacle was but the precipitating event ; an expanding web of media and finance market rumors , plus Wall Street sharks out to plunder Long-Term , ensured the firm 's collapse .
retrospectively , says lewis , the aug. 17 russian ruble debacle was but the precipitating event ; an expanding web of media and finance market rumors , plus wall street sharks out to plunder long-term , [made sure] the firm 's collapse .

Generations of careful genetic selection have ensured that today 's race horse has every possible speed-enhancing characteristic .
generations of careful genetic selection have [made sure] that today 's race horse has every possible speed-enhancing characteristic .

The country would end up saving so much on the health care of otherwise obese Americans that solvency of Social Security could be ensured into the next millennium .
the country would end up saving so much on the health care of otherwise obese americans that solvency of social security could be [made sure] into the next millennium .

His press savvy , charm , and resolute courtship of the rich and powerful have ensured that he always remains plenty visible .
his press savvy , charm , and resolute courtship of the rich and powerful have [made sure] that he always remains plenty visible .

They 're also fast-growing markets ( unlike , for example , television or even the movies ) , and Karmazin has ensured that CBS has reaped great benefits from them .
they 're also fast-growing markets ( unlike , for example , television or even the movies ) , and karmazin has [made sure] that cbs has reaped great benefits from them .

This pact was more selfless than it sounds : It ensured that America would never be disillusioned about its hero .
this pact was more selfless than it sounds : it [made sure] that america would never be disillusioned about its hero .

It was his commitment to the former which ensured that Germany achieved the latter , without arousing the suspicion and hostility of its former wartime adversaries . ''
it was his commitment to the former which [made sure] that germany achieved the latter , without arousing the suspicion and hostility of its former wartime adversaries . ''

The Federal Housing Administration and the GI bill of 1944 ensured long-term mortgages for home construction and sale , which made it cheaper for the white middle class to buy new homes in the suburbs than to rent ( or even modernize ) older homes .
the federal housing administration and the gi bill of 1944 [made sure] long-term mortgages for home construction and sale , which made it cheaper for the white middle class to buy new homes in the suburbs than to rent ( or even modernize ) older homes .

Beijing has already ensured that it will have the final say in important matters by appointing those with proven loyalty to top administrative positions .
beijing has already [made sure] that it will have the final say in important matters by appointing those with proven loyalty to top administrative positions .

He was still tied for the lead , but that did n't matter , since the devastation of missing that putt ensured that , on the 18 th , facing an almost identically easy putt , three feet straight uphill , he did n't even catch any lip , missed it wide left , game over .
he was still tied for the lead , but that did n't matter , since the devastation of missing that putt [made sure] that , on the 18 th , facing an almost identically easy putt , three feet straight uphill , he did n't even catch any lip , missed it wide left , game over .

That he did n't putt well ensured that he would n't be a factor .
that he did n't putt well [made sure] that he would n't be a factor .

The Maastricht Treaty ( the blueprint for European currency union ) ensured that the budget-cutting it required would be all pain and no gain .
the maastricht treaty ( the blueprint for european currency union ) [made sure] that the budget-cutting it required would be all pain and no gain .

An unwritten side deal ensured that neither Message in a Bottle nor Random Hearts would be included in the list . ''
an unwritten side deal [made sure] that neither message in a bottle nor random hearts would be included in the list . ''

In the 1980s , for example , as part of a legal battle with Jordache , which at the time owned 50 percent of Guess , the Marciano brothers -- who now own the company -- set up a kickback scheme with contractors that ensured that money went to them and not to their partners .
in the 1980s , for example , as part of a legal battle with jordache , which at the time owned 50 percent of guess , the marciano brothers -- who now own the company -- set up a kickback scheme with contractors that [made sure] that money went to them and not to their partners .

That ensured a reliable flow of profits from movies that cost very little to make .
that [made sure] a reliable flow of profits from movies that cost very little to make .

That release schedule helped build the buzz for the movie , made it seem like the hot ticket to get ( call it the `` I 'll only go to a club if there are a lot of people who ca n't get in '' principle ) , and ensured that the distributors did n't overreach themselves in terms of their advertising .
that release schedule helped build the buzz for the movie , made it seem like the hot ticket to get ( call it the `` i 'll only go to a club if there are a lot of people who ca n't get in '' principle ) , and [made sure] that the distributors did n't overreach themselves in terms of their advertising .

In an editorial , the SCMP said it was a pity that the Macau Policy Act was n't passed before the Christmas recess , because that would have ensured the continuance of the territory 's vital textile exports to the United States .
in an editorial , the scmp said it was a pity that the macau policy act was n't passed before the christmas recess , because that would have [made sure] the continuance of the territory 's vital textile exports to the united states .

His critics point out that Chernomyrdin 's order to the troops not to storm the hospital ensured the Chechens ' ultimate victory .
his critics point out that chernomyrdin 's order to the troops not to storm the hospital [made sure] the chechens ' ultimate victory .

The only way God could have ensured the appearance of creatures in his own image was by repeatedly intervening and making adjustments to steer the evolution of the world away from lifeless disaster .
the only way god could have [made sure] the appearance of creatures in his own image was by repeatedly intervening and making adjustments to steer the evolution of the world away from lifeless disaster .

With that unfiltered performance , her triumph over the House of Windsor was ensured .
with that unfiltered performance , her triumph over the house of windsor was [made sure] .

By this method , he ensured that no claim would stand without supporting evidence .
by this method , he [made sure] that no claim would stand without supporting evidence .

Television exposure soon made it a fashionable gesture among young people generally ; what ensured its eventual importation to the UK was its adoption by the Teenage Mutant Turtles ( in the form high-three , since Turtles do not have fingers ) as a jubilant greeting .
television exposure soon made it a fashionable gesture among young people generally ; what [made sure] its eventual importation to the uk was its adoption by the teenage mutant turtles ( in the form high-three , since turtles do not have fingers ) as a jubilant greeting .

Here is a profound change from the time , not so long ago , when the Lord Chamberlain , the British Board of Film Censors , and the American Production Code ensured that the language of entertainment was far more purified than that spoken by most of its audiences .
here is a profound change from the time , not so long ago , when the lord chamberlain , the british board of film censors , and the american production code [made sure] that the language of entertainment was far more purified than that spoken by most of its audiences .

Two of these nicknames developed notorious associations : Oliver Cromwell was known as Iron Noll , and the children 's verses of Ambrose Philips ensured the everlasting fame of his nickname , Namby Pamby .
two of these nicknames developed notorious associations : oliver cromwell was known as iron noll , and the children 's verses of ambrose philips [made sure] the everlasting fame of his nickname , namby pamby .

