The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department , thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities .
the east greenwich police department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the warwick police department , thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and [making sure] police coordination in the cowessett-east greenwich-potowomut area of the two communities .

The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell .
the light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus [making sure] that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell .

Health visitors who specialise in the welfare of the homeless believe it 's one way of ensuring families do get a decent meal in the morning …
health visitors who specialise in the welfare of the homeless believe it 's one way of [making sure] families do get a decent meal in the morning …

He lived in the same house near Henley on Thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by English country scenes , like St Matthews near Lechlade and classic buildings like the Oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .
he lived in the same house near henley on thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by english country scenes , like st matthews near lechlade and classic buildings like the oxford buildings [making sure] that his links with this region remain strong .

He lived in the same house near Henley on Thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by English country scenes , like St Matthews near Lechlade and classic buildings like the Oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .
he lived in the same house near henley on thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by english country scenes , like st matthews near lechlade and classic buildings like the oxford buildings [making sure] that his links with this region remain strong .

At Westons cidermill in Much Marcle , Herefordshire three hundred revellers are setting off for the apple orchards.They 're following in the footsteps of their pagan ancestors in the hopes of ensuring a bumper harvest .
at westons cidermill in much marcle , herefordshire three hundred revellers are setting off for the apple orchards.they 're following in the footsteps of their pagan ancestors in the hopes of [making sure] a bumper harvest .

The abduction and murder of 2 year old , James Bulger , she says , underlines the importance , whenever possible , of not letting youngsters out of your sight and ensuring they know that when confronted by a stranger they 're allowed to scream and shout as loud as they like .
the abduction and murder of 2 year old , james bulger , she says , underlines the importance , whenever possible , of not letting youngsters out of your sight and [making sure] they know that when confronted by a stranger they 're allowed to scream and shout as loud as they like .

Although his speech to Edinburgh University students will spell out the need for the creation of a level market place which is supported not supplanted , he will also make clear that he believes the Government does have a role in ensuring Scotland prospers and in attracting industry .
although his speech to edinburgh university students will spell out the need for the creation of a level market place which is supported not supplanted , he will also make clear that he believes the government does have a role in [making sure] scotland prospers and in attracting industry .

Discussions over the need for increased powers for the Scottish party were initiated by its nationalist wing but have been seized on by the left as a means of ensuring that Labour 's different electoral aims north and south of the Border do not lead to alienation of the party 's traditional supporters in Scotland .
discussions over the need for increased powers for the scottish party were initiated by its nationalist wing but have been seized on by the left as a means of [making sure] that labour 's different electoral aims north and south of the border do not lead to alienation of the party 's traditional supporters in scotland .

‘ It appears the Government have lost sight of their stated aims of ensuring accountability of public funds and choice for students . ’
‘ it appears the government have lost sight of their stated aims of [making sure] accountability of public funds and choice for students . ’

‘ Some current proposals seem designed primarily as job-creation schemes for lawyers who would oust editors from their proper task of ensuring that the Code is observed . ’
‘ some current proposals seem designed primarily as job-creation schemes for lawyers who would oust editors from their proper task of [making sure] that the code is observed . ’

It is pointed out in Washington that the President made a special point of ensuring that Mr Major was the first European leader to meet him in the White House .
it is pointed out in washington that the president made a special point of [making sure] that mr major was the first european leader to meet him in the white house .

‘ We have made the tough decisions that now are strengthening Canada 's competitive position , boosting our exports and ensuring our future prosperity .
‘ we have made the tough decisions that now are strengthening canada 's competitive position , boosting our exports and [making sure] our future prosperity .

The international community , and journalists in particular , could be of great assistance in ensuring that elections are free and fair .
the international community , and journalists in particular , could be of great assistance in [making sure] that elections are free and fair .

Food from Britain , the marketing and promotion organisation which is part-funded from the taxpayer and part by the food industry , is intent on ensuring that the bulk of the food you buy is British .
food from britain , the marketing and promotion organisation which is part-funded from the taxpayer and part by the food industry , is intent on [making sure] that the bulk of the food you buy is british .

In Scotland the track record is better than the rest of Britain , with Employment Service staff maintaining its target of ensuring that 3 per cent of its job placements are for disabled people , according to its Scottish director , Alan Brown .
in scotland the track record is better than the rest of britain , with employment service staff maintaining its target of [making sure] that 3 per cent of its job placements are for disabled people , according to its scottish director , alan brown .

‘ The cost involved in ensuring that such a provision is available in every school would be prohibitive , ’ Mr Semple advised .
‘ the cost involved in [making sure] that such a provision is available in every school would be prohibitive , ’ mr semple advised .

As Steve Bevan , editor of Sales Promotion magazine says : ‘ Companies are now using sales promotion on a more strategic basis , ensuring it ties in with an overall brand strategy .
as steve bevan , editor of sales promotion magazine says : ‘ companies are now using sales promotion on a more strategic basis , [making sure] it ties in with an overall brand strategy .

Ensuring that tax and spending decisions are taken at the same time will allow better control over Government borrowing … And with tax , spending and borrowing decisions presented in a single statement the relationship between them will be much easier to understand .
[making sure] that tax and spending decisions are taken at the same time will allow better control over government borrowing … and with tax , spending and borrowing decisions presented in a single statement the relationship between them will be much easier to understand .

Sellers will be responsible for the authenticity of all ear numbers and for ensuring that the identification of these animals is accurately related to the CCDs .
sellers will be responsible for the authenticity of all ear numbers and for [making sure] that the identification of these animals is accurately related to the ccds .

County Durham 's old folk have a possible means of ensuring greater attention from the council , however : should reincarnation occur , they can come back as a dog in a drain .
county durham 's old folk have a possible means of [making sure] greater attention from the council , however : should reincarnation occur , they can come back as a dog in a drain .

Full marks go to Durham County Council and ultimately the Department of the Environment for finally ensuring the waste will be taken and dumped elsewhere .
full marks go to durham county council and ultimately the department of the environment for finally [making sure] the waste will be taken and dumped elsewhere .

Mr Kennedy badgered Soviet authorities into ensuring all those who deserved the honour got it .
mr kennedy badgered soviet authorities into [making sure] all those who deserved the honour got it .

But these last few years have been a potent reminder of what the union movement was originally about in terms of ensuring just reward for work , and enlightened protection for workforces .
but these last few years have been a potent reminder of what the union movement was originally about in terms of [making sure] just reward for work , and enlightened protection for workforces .

If local communities in towns and villages are to be involved in tree planting and management , governing institutions need to summon their interest by ensuring that individuals will know how they will benefit from involvement .
if local communities in towns and villages are to be involved in tree planting and management , governing institutions need to summon their interest by [making sure] that individuals will know how they will benefit from involvement .

Mr Noble stressed the importance of ensuring a good mix of businesses in the Cornmill , which began to take shape two years ago with the demolition of the old Co-op store and part of the King 's Head Hotel .
mr noble stressed the importance of [making sure] a good mix of businesses in the cornmill , which began to take shape two years ago with the demolition of the old co-op store and part of the king 's head hotel .

Shand , the self-educated Scotsman carving a career in politics , is played by Andy Gray whose splendidly solemn performance seems to exude smugness , while Leigh Biagi very skilfully conveys the dogged determination of Maggie , unobtrusively ensuring that her man 's ambitions are fulfilled .
shand , the self-educated scotsman carving a career in politics , is played by andy gray whose splendidly solemn performance seems to exude smugness , while leigh biagi very skilfully conveys the dogged determination of maggie , unobtrusively [making sure] that her man 's ambitions are fulfilled .

Lillywhite was fourth and Smith ninth but in the same time as the second placed man , ensuring them the top two places overall .
lillywhite was fourth and smith ninth but in the same time as the second placed man , [making sure] them the top two places overall .

In both cases , opting out was perceived as a means of ensuring the survival of grammar school status .
in both cases , opting out was perceived as a means of [making sure] the survival of grammar school status .

The hugh complex of the Crystal Palace Sports Centre does present certain problems to those who shoulder the responsibility of organising our biennial November Rally there , and bouquets go this time to Ann Langford and her Surrey colleagues in ensuring a smooth , efficient , well-planned event .
the hugh complex of the crystal palace sports centre does present certain problems to those who shoulder the responsibility of organising our biennial november rally there , and bouquets go this time to ann langford and her surrey colleagues in [making sure] a smooth , efficient , well-planned event .

You may enter either Black & White or Colour with prints minimum size 8″ × 6″ — featuring 1 , 2 or 3 figures — or a group taking care with the back ground and ensuring good movement .
you may enter either black & white or colour with prints minimum size 8″ × 6″ — featuring 1 , 2 or 3 figures — or a group taking care with the back ground and [making sure] good movement .

Active research is ensuring diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .
active research is [making sure] diversification of the genetic stock and providing more compatible conditions in which the animals live a more challenging life and will increase in number .

Isambard did not mean to let him go for money , and was ensuring that the crown should not intervene to take him out of his hands perforce .
isambard did not mean to let him go for money , and was [making sure] that the crown should not intervene to take him out of his hands perforce .

Prior to the Financial Services Act regulation was largely aimed at ensuring the honesty of providers of financial services , and to stop fraudulent malpractice .
prior to the financial services act regulation was largely aimed at [making sure] the honesty of providers of financial services , and to stop fraudulent malpractice .

Ensuring the honesty of those supplying services and advice has been the main raison d'être for regulation .
[making sure] the honesty of those supplying services and advice has been the main raison d'être for regulation .

This is a fundamental point because if they are merely to be ombudsmen then the emphasis of ensuring regulations have been adhered to and best advice proffered rests in the first instance heavily upon the customer , and it is up to the customer to complain .
this is a fundamental point because if they are merely to be ombudsmen then the emphasis of [making sure] regulations have been adhered to and best advice proffered rests in the first instance heavily upon the customer , and it is up to the customer to complain .

Checks are made as to the size of members ' deposits in relation to their underwriting activities , and ensuring directors and partners are ‘ fit and proper ’ persons .
checks are made as to the size of members ' deposits in relation to their underwriting activities , and [making sure] directors and partners are ‘ fit and proper ’ persons .

Intervention also occurs because of the difficulty for the controlling authorities in finding out what is going on within the company and ensuring that policies are implemented in practice .
intervention also occurs because of the difficulty for the controlling authorities in finding out what is going on within the company and [making sure] that policies are implemented in practice .

Teams of workers made their way through the streets ensuring that properties were safe to re-enter .
teams of workers made their way through the streets [making sure] that properties were safe to re-enter .

This mainly involves monitoring speed limits and ensuring that all craft are licensed to use the waterway .
this mainly involves monitoring speed limits and [making sure] that all craft are licensed to use the waterway .

It 's the fairest way of ensuring that those affected by each route are able to what the case for and against that route is .
it 's the fairest way of [making sure] that those affected by each route are able to what the case for and against that route is .

The criteria included having a workplace policy on smoking , encouraging staff to take more exercise and ensuring that the staff restaurant offers a healthy food choice .
the criteria included having a workplace policy on smoking , encouraging staff to take more exercise and [making sure] that the staff restaurant offers a healthy food choice .

It is also presented as a effective tool in ensuring a level supply of milk as the number of active dairy farmers in Europe continues to decline .
it is also presented as a effective tool in [making sure] a level supply of milk as the number of active dairy farmers in europe continues to decline .

It is also presented as a effective tool in ensuring a level supply of milk as the number of active dairy farmers in Europe continues to decline .
it is also presented as a effective tool in [making sure] a level supply of milk as the number of active dairy farmers in europe continues to decline .

The modest target posed no problems for the bubbling Pontblyddyn side as they stormed to a winning 67–3 in the 20th over , opener Mark Hughes ( 31 ) and Mark Williams ( 16 ) ensuring that shell-shocked Colwyn missed out on a zone semi-final .
the modest target posed no problems for the bubbling pontblyddyn side as they stormed to a winning 67–3 in the 20th over , opener mark hughes ( 31 ) and mark williams ( 16 ) [making sure] that shell-shocked colwyn missed out on a zone semi-final .

He said the terrorists were intent on ensuring that ordinary people would have nowhere to go to enjoy themselves .
he said the terrorists were intent on [making sure] that ordinary people would have nowhere to go to enjoy themselves .

Frequent promotional activities in the mall are essential to the success of any shopping centre , and Carrickfergus Heritage Plaza has a full programme of innovative promotional events planned ensuring a focal point of interest at the centre .
frequent promotional activities in the mall are essential to the success of any shopping centre , and carrickfergus heritage plaza has a full programme of innovative promotional events planned [making sure] a focal point of interest at the centre .

Vicki Jamison had a 14.72 and 62.71 hurdles double with Jane Hale ensuring full points for Lagan Valley .
vicki jamison had a 14.72 and 62.71 hurdles double with jane hale [making sure] full points for lagan valley .

The inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .
the inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by [making sure] that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .

Ensuring the right material is cut to the correct size in the required quantities is the job of Robert Bowen , above .
[making sure] the right material is cut to the correct size in the required quantities is the job of robert bowen , above .

Labour councillors had proposed closing Finchlea and Princes School along with Oakfield Centre , the so-called Option 1 , but were accused of not ring-fencing funds ensuring that cash raised from the sales would be returned to special schools needs .
labour councillors had proposed closing finchlea and princes school along with oakfield centre , the so-called option 1 , but were accused of not ring-fencing funds [making sure] that cash raised from the sales would be returned to special schools needs .

These included ensuring the consultations would be ‘ meaningful , open-minded and fully taken account of before the final decision ( on closures ) is made ’ .
these included [making sure] the consultations would be ‘ meaningful , open-minded and fully taken account of before the final decision ( on closures ) is made ’ .

The youngster played a major role in looking after him and ensuring he could be cared for at home .
the youngster played a major role in looking after him and [making sure] he could be cared for at home .

Albert , a Merseyside police constable from Crosby , said : ‘ It 's a way of showing our gratitude and also a way of ensuring Sam will never be forgotten .
albert , a merseyside police constable from crosby , said : ‘ it 's a way of showing our gratitude and also a way of [making sure] sam will never be forgotten .

Third , measurement identifies the need to improve quality by ensuring better working practices , more efficient use of resources and better working conditions .
third , measurement identifies the need to improve quality by [making sure] better working practices , more efficient use of resources and better working conditions .

We carefully control the account span of each team member , ensuring that each of our clients receives a high quality input that adds value to their business .
we carefully control the account span of each team member , [making sure] that each of our clients receives a high quality input that adds value to their business .

‘ We must never lose sight of what a tremendous weapon being cost competitive is for ensuring the survival of jobs and businesses . ’
‘ we must never lose sight of what a tremendous weapon being cost competitive is for [making sure] the survival of jobs and businesses . ’

It 's a tremendous weapon for ensuring the survival of business and jobs .
it 's a tremendous weapon for [making sure] the survival of business and jobs .

It is responsible for ensuring the smooth working of the banking sector and other financial institutions .
it is responsible for [making sure] the smooth working of the banking sector and other financial institutions .

Much too may be achieved by ensuring that people are educated and trained to operate in an environmentally sensitive way .
much too may be achieved by [making sure] that people are educated and trained to operate in an environmentally sensitive way .

It places a great responsibility upon us to ensure that the children of Sunderland are given the very best possible value-for-money meals , while also ensuring that public funds are used to the best effect .
it places a great responsibility upon us to ensure that the children of sunderland are given the very best possible value-for-money meals , while also [making sure] that public funds are used to the best effect .

The emphasis in the first two years in the English classroom is on consolidating basic linguistic competence and ensuring that the pupils can read , comprehend and write effectively for a variety of purposes , including imaginative , argumentative and reflective writing .
the emphasis in the first two years in the english classroom is on consolidating basic linguistic competence and [making sure] that the pupils can read , comprehend and write effectively for a variety of purposes , including imaginative , argumentative and reflective writing .

Ensuring that all the necessary environmental rules and regulations are met is also Mike 's responsibility , so close liaison with official organisations is another aspect of his daily workload , as is organising and ensuring routine waste monitoring and , if a problem crops up , resolving it .
[making sure] that all the necessary environmental rules and regulations are met is also mike 's responsibility , so close liaison with official organisations is another aspect of his daily workload , as is organising and [making sure] routine waste monitoring and , if a problem crops up , resolving it .

He spoke from his experience at Nissan where he has been responsible for developing and implementing Nissan 's philosophy and pratices and for ensuring that the business and personnel policies are totally integrated .
he spoke from his experience at nissan where he has been responsible for developing and implementing nissan 's philosophy and pratices and for [making sure] that the business and personnel policies are totally integrated .

Everyone who acts on society 's behalf in this field struggles with the often competing imperatives of welfare and justice : how to protect children while respecting family autonomy ; how to keep children safe while ensuring a fair hearing for parents ; and how to intervene therapeutically without prejudicing legal evidence .
everyone who acts on society 's behalf in this field struggles with the often competing imperatives of welfare and justice : how to protect children while respecting family autonomy ; how to keep children safe while [making sure] a fair hearing for parents ; and how to intervene therapeutically without prejudicing legal evidence .

This must be analysed with a view to ensuring that as many potential consumers as possible will have the opportunity to purchase the product or service .
this must be analysed with a view to [making sure] that as many potential consumers as possible will have the opportunity to purchase the product or service .

We 've introduced a computerised system to deal with the orders and the meals arrive in heated vans with our service crew ensuring speedy delivery on the Trading Floor ’ .
we 've introduced a computerised system to deal with the orders and the meals arrive in heated vans with our service crew [making sure] speedy delivery on the trading floor ’ .

Using eight display screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and ensuring demand is met .
using eight display screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and [making sure] demand is met .

By drawing General Managers ' attention to the British Gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the Public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain additional information .
by drawing general managers ' attention to the british gas environment publications ; [making sure] they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain additional information .

You must swing normally , with a smooth and even tempo , ensuring you complete both the backswing and make a well-balanced follow-through .
you must swing normally , with a smooth and even tempo , [making sure] you complete both the backswing and make a well-balanced follow-through .

Necks and bodies are paired up very early on and remain paired throughout the whole of the production process , ensuring compatibility , good fit and finish .
necks and bodies are paired up very early on and remain paired throughout the whole of the production process , [making sure] compatibility , good fit and finish .

2 An intertwined cane wreath provides the ideal base for arranging your Christmas display . Cut sprigs of cherry laurel and yew from their main branches ensuring you leave a long stem and securely push them into the cane ring until the circle is complete
2 an intertwined cane wreath provides the ideal base for arranging your christmas display . cut sprigs of cherry laurel and yew from their main branches [making sure] you leave a long stem and securely push them into the cane ring until the circle is complete

With the job goes the enormous responsibility of ensuring that the equipment is always on top form .
with the job goes the enormous responsibility of [making sure] that the equipment is always on top form .

The normal way of ensuring this is to use a case of all-metal construction which is connected to the mains earth lead .
the normal way of [making sure] this is to use a case of all-metal construction which is connected to the mains earth lead .

The Labour policy of ‘ ensuring that lesbianism and gayness are treated positively in the curriculum ’ was raised in such a way as to play on parents ' fears for the safety of their children .
the labour policy of ‘ [making sure] that lesbianism and gayness are treated positively in the curriculum ’ was raised in such a way as to play on parents ' fears for the safety of their children .

It is useful to sit at the corner of a small table ( a card table is excellent ) whilst your discussion partner sits at the opposite comer — ensuring a one-to-one contact and leaving space between you .
it is useful to sit at the corner of a small table ( a card table is excellent ) whilst your discussion partner sits at the opposite comer — [making sure] a one-to-one contact and leaving space between you .

Here water is trickled over a ‘ dry ’ media , ensuring plenty of oxygen for the aerobic bacteria .
here water is trickled over a ‘ dry ’ media , [making sure] plenty of oxygen for the aerobic bacteria .

Thus the best advice is to plan your aquarium or pond system correctly before you begin to introduce livestock checking , and ensuring ideal parameters of water quality and low stress levels .
thus the best advice is to plan your aquarium or pond system correctly before you begin to introduce livestock checking , and [making sure] ideal parameters of water quality and low stress levels .

Press panel 4 against the silicone on the base , and the siliconed edges of panels 1 and 3 , again ensuring that all panels are aligned squarely with each other and pressed evenly and firmly together .
press panel 4 against the silicone on the base , and the siliconed edges of panels 1 and 3 , again [making sure] that all panels are aligned squarely with each other and pressed evenly and firmly together .

In this case , cut the circuit board from standard plain copper-clad board , file the edges and clean up the copper with an abrasive block , ensuring that the board is then completely clean and grease-free .
in this case , cut the circuit board from standard plain copper-clad board , file the edges and clean up the copper with an abrasive block , [making sure] that the board is then completely clean and grease-free .

Connect all the wire leads required , and finally insert the i.c.s into their sockets ensuring that their notches are towards the top .
connect all the wire leads required , and finally insert the i.c.s into their sockets [making sure] that their notches are towards the top .

So do n't miss our feature on dieting which will help you to lose weight steadily while ensuring that you eat well throughout the year .
so do n't miss our feature on dieting which will help you to lose weight steadily while [making sure] that you eat well throughout the year .

It 's smooth and fluid , the flattish radius ensuring that action height will not be compromised and choking should not be a problem .
it 's smooth and fluid , the flattish radius [making sure] that action height will not be compromised and choking should not be a problem .

He believed it 's a way of ensuring only the best survive , as they would in the wild .
he believed it 's a way of [making sure] only the best survive , as they would in the wild .

To Jenny 's relief a surface water drain beneath the conservatory prevented the pond from becoming any wider , ensuring the adequate seating area inside the conservatory .
to jenny 's relief a surface water drain beneath the conservatory prevented the pond from becoming any wider , [making sure] the adequate seating area inside the conservatory .

This means not over-feeding and ensuring you carry out regular water changes .
this means not over-feeding and [making sure] you carry out regular water changes .

It is not unusual to find the mobile forms of worm , such as polychaetes , swarming in large aggregations to breed , which is a good means of ensuring a high proportion of fertilized eggs .
it is not unusual to find the mobile forms of worm , such as polychaetes , swarming in large aggregations to breed , which is a good means of [making sure] a high proportion of fertilized eggs .

Under these acts , the Alkali and Clean Air Inspectorate was responsible for ensuring that the emission of some pollution from industry was no more than ‘ practicably reasonable ’ , a level so ambiguous and vague and capable of numerous interpretations by corporate lawyers that the actual amount of pollution was frequently allowed to rise above a level found tolerable by local residents .
under these acts , the alkali and clean air inspectorate was responsible for [making sure] that the emission of some pollution from industry was no more than ‘ practicably reasonable ’ , a level so ambiguous and vague and capable of numerous interpretations by corporate lawyers that the actual amount of pollution was frequently allowed to rise above a level found tolerable by local residents .

The statutory bodies for nursing , midwifery and health visiting have functions clearly defined in law which are concerned with ensuring proper standards of care .
the statutory bodies for nursing , midwifery and health visiting have functions clearly defined in law which are concerned with [making sure] proper standards of care .

The authors see the requirement for the nurse to re-register every three years ( periodic licensing ) , as an important step forward in ensuring ‘ that all patients receive the highest level of care and that the qualified nurse can really be seen to be in a position of accountability ’ .
the authors see the requirement for the nurse to re-register every three years ( periodic licensing ) , as an important step forward in [making sure] ‘ that all patients receive the highest level of care and that the qualified nurse can really be seen to be in a position of accountability ’ .

For the comrades it was a back-handed way of ensuring that the increasingly suspect and disliked Pilger would be ruled out as editor .
for the comrades it was a back-handed way of [making sure] that the increasingly suspect and disliked pilger would be ruled out as editor .

Worries that the relocated employees faced were finding employment for relocated spouses and ensuring that the relocation did not affect children 's schooling .
worries that the relocated employees faced were finding employment for relocated spouses and [making sure] that the relocation did not affect children 's schooling .

So it is important that those in the personnel department responsible for ensuring that the relocation exercise proceeds smoothly are able either to answer employees ' questions themselves or direct the expatriates to sources of advice .
so it is important that those in the personnel department responsible for [making sure] that the relocation exercise proceeds smoothly are able either to answer employees ' questions themselves or direct the expatriates to sources of advice .

Which system is used also depends on company philosophy and policy with regard to ensuring that expatriates do not lose or gain with respect to their colleagues at home , local employees abroad and other expatriates in other parts of the world .
which system is used also depends on company philosophy and policy with regard to [making sure] that expatriates do not lose or gain with respect to their colleagues at home , local employees abroad and other expatriates in other parts of the world .

The question is how they apply to these weapons , and why the Great Powers have continued to avoid any explicit acknowledgment that the laws of war can apply in any respect to nuclear weapons ; and finally how should the mobilisation of world public opinion and political action be directed to ensuring the effective outlawing of these weapons .
the question is how they apply to these weapons , and why the great powers have continued to avoid any explicit acknowledgment that the laws of war can apply in any respect to nuclear weapons ; and finally how should the mobilisation of world public opinion and political action be directed to [making sure] the effective outlawing of these weapons .

One of the devices thought to have the best potential for ensuring participation in policy-making is the American administrative law initiative of ‘ hybrid rule-making ’ .
one of the devices thought to have the best potential for [making sure] participation in policy-making is the american administrative law initiative of ‘ hybrid rule-making ’ .

The set-up was fine when life expectancy was barely thirty years , but with modern advances in medtech ensuring that all solvent citizens can enjoy a full and active life well into their 100s , one set of milk teeth and one set of adult teeth just is n't enough .
the set-up was fine when life expectancy was barely thirty years , but with modern advances in medtech [making sure] that all solvent citizens can enjoy a full and active life well into their 100s , one set of milk teeth and one set of adult teeth just is n't enough .

They are , instead , handled by a different committee of the House whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the Bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by Standing Orders , have been gone through .
they are , instead , handled by a different committee of the house whose main function is to secure the public interest by [making sure] that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by standing orders , have been gone through .

Parliament is the place where the representatives of the people debate matters of state great and small and the interest in ensuring that they are free to speak without fear or favour is regarded as outweighing all others .
parliament is the place where the representatives of the people debate matters of state great and small and the interest in [making sure] that they are free to speak without fear or favour is regarded as outweighing all others .

For such a straightforward concept , the game manages to turn up surprises galore by ensuring that different approaches are adopted for each particular screen .
for such a straightforward concept , the game manages to turn up surprises galore by [making sure] that different approaches are adopted for each particular screen .

Great care needs to be taken with ensuring good relationships between incoming church planters and established church leaders : ideally , a common strategy should be formed .
great care needs to be taken with [making sure] good relationships between incoming church planters and established church leaders : ideally , a common strategy should be formed .

Another practical way of ensuring an outward focus is to insist on the group having one evening in four where they are either involved in evangelism , or planning for it .
another practical way of [making sure] an outward focus is to insist on the group having one evening in four where they are either involved in evangelism , or planning for it .

He was also ensuring that their first record , The Bride of Christ , would be out in a few weeks .
he was also [making sure] that their first record , the bride of christ , would be out in a few weeks .

Once , after his divorce , she had said : ' l find it extraordinary that a straightforward if inelegant device for ensuring the survival of the species should involve human beings in such emotional turmoil .
once , after his divorce , she had said : ' l find it extraordinary that a straightforward if inelegant device for [making sure] the survival of the species should involve human beings in such emotional turmoil .

In Buxtehude , the most common measure is to ensure that the crossing cycle lane is conspicuous , as seen in ( Figure 6.17 ) , with the priority to the right rule giving added protection and often ensuring that cyclists can maintain their pace .
in buxtehude , the most common measure is to ensure that the crossing cycle lane is conspicuous , as seen in ( figure 6.17 ) , with the priority to the right rule giving added protection and often [making sure] that cyclists can maintain their pace .

As usual , it was the Old Stager who broke the ensuring silence .
as usual , it was the old stager who broke the [making sure] silence .

If investment in public education was a necessary political and humanitarian response to the problems of poverty and underprivilege , if it was an appropriate means of fostering and maintaining religious adherence , and if it was calculated to equip young people with the skills demanded by a changing industrial society , then a strategy had to be found for ensuring that value was obtained for the funds invested .
if investment in public education was a necessary political and humanitarian response to the problems of poverty and underprivilege , if it was an appropriate means of fostering and maintaining religious adherence , and if it was calculated to equip young people with the skills demanded by a changing industrial society , then a strategy had to be found for [making sure] that value was obtained for the funds invested .

Ruth Gardner suggests that the crux of a relationship between child and responsible adult is centred on decision making , control , letting go , risk taking and ensuring that advice and support are reliably available .
ruth gardner suggests that the crux of a relationship between child and responsible adult is centred on decision making , control , letting go , risk taking and [making sure] that advice and support are reliably available .

Quite separately , the monopolies legislation of 1948 , with its general if vague aim of ensuring a ‘ fair ’ degree of competition outside the nationalised industries , implied acceptance of the operation of private enterprise in ways which were substantially inconsistent with the extension of ' industrial planning .
quite separately , the monopolies legislation of 1948 , with its general if vague aim of [making sure] a ‘ fair ’ degree of competition outside the nationalised industries , implied acceptance of the operation of private enterprise in ways which were substantially inconsistent with the extension of ' industrial planning .

So much for ensuring that the rights of the individual or of an organisation are not disregarded by an inspector 's investigation taking place in private .
so much for [making sure] that the rights of the individual or of an organisation are not disregarded by an inspector 's investigation taking place in private .

The convention established the International Civil Aviation Organization with its headquarters in Montreal and set up a secretariat which would become a most effective machine for ensuring that a rapidly developing civil aviation industry was not hampered by the red tape generated by the hundreds of frontiers that would have to be crossed .
the convention established the international civil aviation organization with its headquarters in montreal and set up a secretariat which would become a most effective machine for [making sure] that a rapidly developing civil aviation industry was not hampered by the red tape generated by the hundreds of frontiers that would have to be crossed .

Ensuring that you 'll always enjoy seeing the car as much as you enjoy driving it .
[making sure] that you 'll always enjoy seeing the car as much as you enjoy driving it .

Throughout its production , prospective 46 owners have been offered varied combinations of up to five rig and keel options and three accommodation layouts , therefore ensuring the brokerage buyer tremendous choice in the specification of his pre-owned 46 .
throughout its production , prospective 46 owners have been offered varied combinations of up to five rig and keel options and three accommodation layouts , therefore [making sure] the brokerage buyer tremendous choice in the specification of his pre-owned 46 .

The refined chassis is complemented by advanced suspension damping system which reacts in one five thousandth of a second to information from six sensors within the car , ensuring the perfect balance of comfort and security whatever the driving conditions .
the refined chassis is complemented by advanced suspension damping system which reacts in one five thousandth of a second to information from six sensors within the car , [making sure] the perfect balance of comfort and security whatever the driving conditions .

With the defence ensuring a frustrating afternoon for the league 's leading scorer , Michelle Clark , the rest of the team were able to set up camp in the Wimbledon half .
with the defence [making sure] a frustrating afternoon for the league 's leading scorer , michelle clark , the rest of the team were able to set up camp in the wimbledon half .

In girls ' work , for example , we began to learn from our experiences and commit ourselves to ensuring that facilities were genuinely available also to Jewish young women — that we tackled anti-Semitism ; that young women with disabilities were not excluded , and that we looked at our oppressive attitudes to disability and the institutions in which these were enshrined .
in girls ' work , for example , we began to learn from our experiences and commit ourselves to [making sure] that facilities were genuinely available also to jewish young women — that we tackled anti-semitism ; that young women with disabilities were not excluded , and that we looked at our oppressive attitudes to disability and the institutions in which these were enshrined .

Mrs Bourne has always said if she could prove chemicals were responsible it would make the tragedy easier to bear , as well as ensuring other children did not become needless victims .
mrs bourne has always said if she could prove chemicals were responsible it would make the tragedy easier to bear , as well as [making sure] other children did not become needless victims .

The fact is that all developed societies undergo processes in which professions and occupations proliferate and become more specialised and we then have to evolve means of ‘ getting it all together again ' , in this case , ensuring that the patient or client does not suffer as a result of our separate functions and roles .
the fact is that all developed societies undergo processes in which professions and occupations proliferate and become more specialised and we then have to evolve means of ‘ getting it all together again ' , in this case , [making sure] that the patient or client does not suffer as a result of our separate functions and roles .

Club Europe Drive is fast and flexible , ensuring you arrive refreshed and relaxed , ready to give your business the edge over your competition .
club europe drive is fast and flexible , [making sure] you arrive refreshed and relaxed , ready to give your business the edge over your competition .

Each Penthouse has its own individual character , and is built using the highest quality materials and fittings , ensuring a superb finish throughout .
each penthouse has its own individual character , and is built using the highest quality materials and fittings , [making sure] a superb finish throughout .

Sir Patrick 's role as attorney general in ensuring there would be no prosecutions of Royal Ulster Constabulary officers for alleged conspiracy to pervert the course of justice in the ‘ shoot-to-kill ’ episodes investigated by John Stalker , as well as his insensitivity to Irish concerns on extradition , will give Sinn Féin ammunition for claiming he will not be a man to understand the force of argufment .
sir patrick 's role as attorney general in [making sure] there would be no prosecutions of royal ulster constabulary officers for alleged conspiracy to pervert the course of justice in the ‘ shoot-to-kill ’ episodes investigated by john stalker , as well as his insensitivity to irish concerns on extradition , will give sinn féin ammunition for claiming he will not be a man to understand the force of argufment .

She told him he had to cut the worm to pieces and fling them into a swiftly flowing river , ensuring they could not join together again , a method consistently used from then on by knights in their pursuit of dragons .
she told him he had to cut the worm to pieces and fling them into a swiftly flowing river , [making sure] they could not join together again , a method consistently used from then on by knights in their pursuit of dragons .

Each smallholder has the right to receive water regularly for a certain length of time , and the levadeiro is the man responsible for ensuring this is done correctly .
each smallholder has the right to receive water regularly for a certain length of time , and the levadeiro is the man responsible for [making sure] this is done correctly .

Any criticism of the popular revisionism therefore strikes a sensitive nerve , ensuring that real debate over domestic nationalism does n't enter political discourse .
any criticism of the popular revisionism therefore strikes a sensitive nerve , [making sure] that real debate over domestic nationalism does n't enter political discourse .

Check for colour arrangement , select the fabric and then lay the nylon panels over the plan using the bias and ensuring that the ripstop squares are symmetrical on each half of the kite .
check for colour arrangement , select the fabric and then lay the nylon panels over the plan using the bias and [making sure] that the ripstop squares are symmetrical on each half of the kite .

Then they signed to Virgin and the Mighty Lemon Drops syndrome struck with a vengeance , ensuring that , up until ‘ Every Beat Of The Heart ’ meandered chartwards , policemen would n't even speak to The Railway Children let alone arrest them .
then they signed to virgin and the mighty lemon drops syndrome struck with a vengeance , [making sure] that , up until ‘ every beat of the heart ’ meandered chartwards , policemen would n't even speak to the railway children let alone arrest them .

Traditional oral forms of communication , which played a central role in the maintenance of social and political order — ensuring continuity and reinforcing values and norms of behaviour — was gradually confronted by a quite different form based on the new technology of print and , generally , on a foreign language .
traditional oral forms of communication , which played a central role in the maintenance of social and political order — [making sure] continuity and reinforcing values and norms of behaviour — was gradually confronted by a quite different form based on the new technology of print and , generally , on a foreign language .

In the Judaeo-Christian view , while the state has the responsibility for ensuring that the family is an on-going economic concern , the family has the responsibility to look after itself and the welfare of its members .
in the judaeo-christian view , while the state has the responsibility for [making sure] that the family is an on-going economic concern , the family has the responsibility to look after itself and the welfare of its members .

Clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from Overdrive 's obligations contained in Clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of vehicles .
clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from overdrive 's obligations contained in clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for [making sure] that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of vehicles .

He spent the money on ensuring every detail was totally authentic , right down to the underwear worn ( though never seen ) by Austrian troops .
he spent the money on [making sure] every detail was totally authentic , right down to the underwear worn ( though never seen ) by austrian troops .

Otherwise the Snotlings will keep pace with their nearest neighbours , ensuring that they remain within 12″ .
otherwise the snotlings will keep pace with their nearest neighbours , [making sure] that they remain within 12″ .

Their expenses ’ are paid and they make a magnificent contribution to the service , enabling group tutors to increase the flexibility of their classes and ensuring individual help whenever it is needed .
their expenses ’ are paid and they make a magnificent contribution to the service , enabling group tutors to increase the flexibility of their classes and [making sure] individual help whenever it is needed .

Form tutors ensuring that records of attendance are as accurate as possible and explanations for absence produced when pupils return to school
form tutors [making sure] that records of attendance are as accurate as possible and explanations for absence produced when pupils return to school

It is not a case of imposing a decision but of ensuring , through the presentation of supporting arguments , that the governors are aware of which of the options stated is the most educationally sound .
it is not a case of imposing a decision but of [making sure] , through the presentation of supporting arguments , that the governors are aware of which of the options stated is the most educationally sound .

Myeloski had then insisted that they commandeer the seats on either side , thus ensuring them of privacy on the journey .
myeloski had then insisted that they commandeer the seats on either side , thus [making sure] them of privacy on the journey .

With some research topics , such as asking people to say what criminal offences they have committed , the only chance of getting any truthful answers would be with a guarantee that the answers would be confidential ( no one else would be told the answers given by a particular individual ) , and the best way of ensuring this is to allow respondents not to give their names ( anonymity ) .
with some research topics , such as asking people to say what criminal offences they have committed , the only chance of getting any truthful answers would be with a guarantee that the answers would be confidential ( no one else would be told the answers given by a particular individual ) , and the best way of [making sure] this is to allow respondents not to give their names ( anonymity ) .

The decision of the Post Office to set up the British Broadcasting Company in 1922 as a co-operative of radio set manufacturers was an attempt to overcome a series of essentially technical and organizational problems : the need to satisfy set manufacturers by ensuring that all participated in the birth and development of broadcasting , the need to avoid chaos on the airwaves on the American scale , and the need to guarantee an efficient and satisfactory service to all listeners .
the decision of the post office to set up the british broadcasting company in 1922 as a co-operative of radio set manufacturers was an attempt to overcome a series of essentially technical and organizational problems : the need to satisfy set manufacturers by [making sure] that all participated in the birth and development of broadcasting , the need to avoid chaos on the airwaves on the american scale , and the need to guarantee an efficient and satisfactory service to all listeners .

In regular manpower audits , Cadbury Schweppes pick out their most susceptible employees — usually around 50 or 60 in number — and watch them carefully , ensuring that they are happy at work in terms of the demands and responsibilities of their jobs , and how well they are paid .
in regular manpower audits , cadbury schweppes pick out their most susceptible employees — usually around 50 or 60 in number — and watch them carefully , [making sure] that they are happy at work in terms of the demands and responsibilities of their jobs , and how well they are paid .

Ensuring complete confidentiality 5
[making sure] complete confidentiality 5

The skill of the lawyer existed in ensuring that the relationship between the statements in his legal discourse was such that it would lead to a legal outcome which would translate back directly into the outcome chosen by the client as formulated in his or her own , non-legal discourse .
the skill of the lawyer existed in [making sure] that the relationship between the statements in his legal discourse was such that it would lead to a legal outcome which would translate back directly into the outcome chosen by the client as formulated in his or her own , non-legal discourse .

The technical problem is that of ensuring that the stimulation is of a duration and intensity to be physiologically realistic .
the technical problem is that of [making sure] that the stimulation is of a duration and intensity to be physiologically realistic .

Although Stalin 's insistence on absolute control may in the fullness of time have evolved into an emphasis on ensuring ultimate control , Soviet leaders in the 1980s still operate within the essential security framework which Stalin bequeathed to them .
although stalin 's insistence on absolute control may in the fullness of time have evolved into an emphasis on [making sure] ultimate control , soviet leaders in the 1980s still operate within the essential security framework which stalin bequeathed to them .

What is needed is a mechanism for ensuring that policy is carried out , rather than obstructed ; and that those entrusted with promoting policy actively identify with it .
what is needed is a mechanism for [making sure] that policy is carried out , rather than obstructed ; and that those entrusted with promoting policy actively identify with it .

Ensuring the water supply for the towns during the dry Cretan summers must always have been a problem .
[making sure] the water supply for the towns during the dry cretan summers must always have been a problem .

The seals which the Minoans devised were a simple way of ensuring security .
the seals which the minoans devised were a simple way of [making sure] security .

But Darwin did draw an explicit analogy between this teleology — of population pressure and sorting , as ensuring adaptation of plant and animal structure to changing conditions — and Malthus 's theistic teleology of superfecundity , as ensuing the energetic dispersal of ancient tribes beyond the original Asian seat of the human species .
but darwin did draw an explicit analogy between this teleology — of population pressure and sorting , as [making sure] adaptation of plant and animal structure to changing conditions — and malthus 's theistic teleology of superfecundity , as ensuing the energetic dispersal of ancient tribes beyond the original asian seat of the human species .

Spray it over your hair , ensuring even distribution down the hair length .
spray it over your hair , [making sure] even distribution down the hair length .

Obedience is part of the maker 's instructions , and there is no guaranteed success without it ; for obedience is a God-created way of ensuring that we learn the right habits of living in our early years .
obedience is part of the maker 's instructions , and there is no guaranteed success without it ; for obedience is a god-created way of [making sure] that we learn the right habits of living in our early years .

They will provide the required 10mm air opening , ensuring a weatherproof and large insect-resistant airpath for roofs with pitches of 15° and over — which covers most houses in Britain .
they will provide the required 10mm air opening , [making sure] a weatherproof and large insect-resistant airpath for roofs with pitches of 15° and over — which covers most houses in britain .

The panels laid out , showing the individual components . Side and bottom rails are fixed first , ensuring that the two bottom corners form true right angles
the panels laid out , showing the individual components . side and bottom rails are fixed first , [making sure] that the two bottom corners form true right angles

But units are available where the water is pumped , ensuring plenty of pressure ; the Redring Superflow 3000 Power Shower shown here is a good example .
but units are available where the water is pumped , [making sure] plenty of pressure ; the redring superflow 3000 power shower shown here is a good example .

As one length is finished , overlap and tie in a new one , ensuring that no gaps are left
as one length is finished , overlap and tie in a new one , [making sure] that no gaps are left

Include stop taps in your insulation , ensuring that the body of the tap is well protected
include stop taps in your insulation , [making sure] that the body of the tap is well protected

Check Plugs are a simple and economical way of ensuring that all existing electrical wiring is sound and properly installed .
check plugs are a simple and economical way of [making sure] that all existing electrical wiring is sound and properly installed .

This sounds complicated , but the easiest way to approach it is , at row two , to set the carriages as if you were going to knit circular knitting , ensuring that it is the ribber that will slip on the next two .
this sounds complicated , but the easiest way to approach it is , at row two , to set the carriages as if you were going to knit circular knitting , [making sure] that it is the ribber that will slip on the next two .

This delightful faith and friction climb actually starts with a crack , although this can be bypassed on the left via the direct start , thus ensuring nothing but slab all the way .
this delightful faith and friction climb actually starts with a crack , although this can be bypassed on the left via the direct start , thus [making sure] nothing but slab all the way .

Squirt it into your hand , rub your palms together then run them through your hair , ensuring even distribution .
squirt it into your hand , rub your palms together then run them through your hair , [making sure] even distribution .

Ensuring a stimulating caring environment where basic needs for warmth and cleanliness are matched by affection and concern ( see Chapter 6 for working in a residential setting ) .
[making sure] a stimulating caring environment where basic needs for warmth and cleanliness are matched by affection and concern ( see chapter 6 for working in a residential setting ) .

Keynesian policies were directed at ensuring full employment and involved government intervention in the running of the economy using demand management techniques ( refer also to Chapter 1 , page 13 ) .
keynesian policies were directed at [making sure] full employment and involved government intervention in the running of the economy using demand management techniques ( refer also to chapter 1 , page 13 ) .

The National Grid was to be responsible for ensuring that sufficient power was provided by the generating companies to the distribution companies at all times .
the national grid was to be responsible for [making sure] that sufficient power was provided by the generating companies to the distribution companies at all times .

Midfield dynamo Dave Gilbert and striker Mendonca linked well on the left , but the visitors ' defence held firm , ensuring Grimsby 's forward thrusts rarely progressed further than the midfield .
midfield dynamo dave gilbert and striker mendonca linked well on the left , but the visitors ' defence held firm , [making sure] grimsby 's forward thrusts rarely progressed further than the midfield .

That meant her regular nurse , Jane Weeks , was kept busy not only ensuring her patient was comfortable but also satisfied .
that meant her regular nurse , jane weeks , was kept busy not only [making sure] her patient was comfortable but also satisfied .

Ensuring mutual empathy within the group .
[making sure] mutual empathy within the group .

Wherever possible the counsellor should leave the group to work out its own solutions , restricting his input to occasional clarification , keeping the group to the point and ensuring fairness .
wherever possible the counsellor should leave the group to work out its own solutions , restricting his input to occasional clarification , keeping the group to the point and [making sure] fairness .

She had been so busy with her dress house in Rome , coping with her designer , planning for the future and ensuring that everyone in the business was kept happy — each of which seemed a full-time job in itself — that she had hardly had time to spare for her three children , let alone her mother .
she had been so busy with her dress house in rome , coping with her designer , planning for the future and [making sure] that everyone in the business was kept happy — each of which seemed a full-time job in itself — that she had hardly had time to spare for her three children , let alone her mother .

Having obtained your two pieces of wood , place them one on top of the other , ensuring that they are exactly square , and tape or clamp them securely together .
having obtained your two pieces of wood , place them one on top of the other , [making sure] that they are exactly square , and tape or clamp them securely together .

After ensuring the quality of your pressed flowers and foliage , the next priority is to check that the standard of materials with which you will surround your picture is equally high .
after [making sure] the quality of your pressed flowers and foliage , the next priority is to check that the standard of materials with which you will surround your picture is equally high .

First , place your design in front of you , ensuring that you have an excellent source of light .
first , place your design in front of you , [making sure] that you have an excellent source of light .

First wrap your parcels securely in the chosen paper , ensuring that all the folds and flaps are as neat as possible .
first wrap your parcels securely in the chosen paper , [making sure] that all the folds and flaps are as neat as possible .

Tie some pretty ribbon around the parcel , ensuring that you leave the chosen area free .
tie some pretty ribbon around the parcel , [making sure] that you leave the chosen area free .

Glue them in position with some rubber solution adhesive , ensuring that they are firmly fixed to the paper without the glue being visible .
glue them in position with some rubber solution adhesive , [making sure] that they are firmly fixed to the paper without the glue being visible .

Simply put your idea into an envelope and send it , registered post , to yourself — first ensuring the Post Office stamps all the joins of the envelope .
simply put your idea into an envelope and send it , registered post , to yourself — first [making sure] the post office stamps all the joins of the envelope .

Palace midfielder Gareth Southgate also had a big say in the result , his screamer ensuring victory .
palace midfielder gareth southgate also had a big say in the result , his screamer [making sure] victory .

What began as a means of seeing how things might be done better is now a philosophy of ensuring that things go on being done better towards a goal which will be forever just over the horizon .
what began as a means of seeing how things might be done better is now a philosophy of [making sure] that things go on being done better towards a goal which will be forever just over the horizon .

Many of the bank-owned factors have attempted to overcome this problem by devising ways of ensuring that the bank does not lose a customer by calling in the factor .
many of the bank-owned factors have attempted to overcome this problem by devising ways of [making sure] that the bank does not lose a customer by calling in the factor .

It constitutes an offering to the Gods , or universal forces , to sustain them in their task of maintaining the world , directing its manifold generative activities and at the same time ensuring protection against the sometimes malevolent forces of the Graha , or nine planets .
it constitutes an offering to the gods , or universal forces , to sustain them in their task of maintaining the world , directing its manifold generative activities and at the same time [making sure] protection against the sometimes malevolent forces of the graha , or nine planets .

Performance is measured against objectives so ensuring that the contract is fulfilled .
performance is measured against objectives so [making sure] that the contract is fulfilled .

Similarly , the family metaphor celebrates the idea of having cooperation among the members of the enterprise and ensuring that any conflict will be directed towards the outside world .
similarly , the family metaphor celebrates the idea of having cooperation among the members of the enterprise and [making sure] that any conflict will be directed towards the outside world .

And if the faculty chose to go down the specialist qualification route , he added , it would go some way towards restoring credibility in the auditing profession by ensuring that standards are raised .
and if the faculty chose to go down the specialist qualification route , he added , it would go some way towards restoring credibility in the auditing profession by [making sure] that standards are raised .

Care should be taken in ensuring that any funds not immediately required for either the building of a new church or other charitable purposes are invested in what are known as qualifying investments as prescribed in Sch 20 Taxes Act 1988 .
care should be taken in [making sure] that any funds not immediately required for either the building of a new church or other charitable purposes are invested in what are known as qualifying investments as prescribed in sch 20 taxes act 1988 .

Pop to the toilet if you feel the need and say farewell to family and friends , ensuring you arrange carefully how to meet them afterwards .
pop to the toilet if you feel the need and say farewell to family and friends , [making sure] you arrange carefully how to meet them afterwards .

Illustrators were hard at work representing things with photographic accuracy as a way of ensuring that their scenes and figures were true to life .
illustrators were hard at work representing things with photographic accuracy as a way of [making sure] that their scenes and figures were true to life .

By ensuring rejection in this way he was also ensuring that he would not be enslaved by anyone else 's methods of work .
by [making sure] rejection in this way he was also [making sure] that he would not be enslaved by anyone else 's methods of work .

It is seen as fundamentally important to ensuring good corporate governance .
it is seen as fundamentally important to [making sure] good corporate governance .

Though he hopes to double the size of the group he does not plan any further acquisitions until the spring , preferring instead to work on ensuring that the Sea Life businesses are fully integrated into the group .
though he hopes to double the size of the group he does not plan any further acquisitions until the spring , preferring instead to work on [making sure] that the sea life businesses are fully integrated into the group .

To maintain continuity , the paper suggests that firms should establish transitional arrangements for the handover : these could include arranging for the new partner to work on the audit team beforehand , and ensuring that other senior staff do not change in the same year .
to maintain continuity , the paper suggests that firms should establish transitional arrangements for the handover : these could include arranging for the new partner to work on the audit team beforehand , and [making sure] that other senior staff do not change in the same year .

Another costly area of training for firms is the time spent ensuring compliance with training standards .
another costly area of training for firms is the time spent [making sure] compliance with training standards .

Empowerment enthusiasts say it is all to do with company culture and ensuring that employees are all fully conversant with the corporate goals and mission .
empowerment enthusiasts say it is all to do with company culture and [making sure] that employees are all fully conversant with the corporate goals and mission .

Cyprus is also traditionally used for holding interests in the Middle East , partly as a security measure , and partly in conjunction with a Dutch holding company , to ensure that dividends from nil tax countries have a small amount of tax levied in Cyprus ( thereby ensuring qualification for exemption from Dutch tax ) .
cyprus is also traditionally used for holding interests in the middle east , partly as a security measure , and partly in conjunction with a dutch holding company , to ensure that dividends from nil tax countries have a small amount of tax levied in cyprus ( thereby [making sure] qualification for exemption from dutch tax ) .

Above all , they educated and eventually apprenticed young paupers , ensuring in theory that they themselves should not in turn need poor relief in adulthood ; thus Shoreditch had a so-called Nursery at Enfield specifically for the care and education of destitute children .
above all , they educated and eventually apprenticed young paupers , [making sure] in theory that they themselves should not in turn need poor relief in adulthood ; thus shoreditch had a so-called nursery at enfield specifically for the care and education of destitute children .

At least , it was so by those who were to write up family notes at a later date : the year of birth would be coyly laundered to read ‘ 1847 ’ , thus ensuring that a rather harmless skeleton stayed in its cupboard for a while .
at least , it was so by those who were to write up family notes at a later date : the year of birth would be coyly laundered to read ‘ 1847 ’ , thus [making sure] that a rather harmless skeleton stayed in its cupboard for a while .

The statements suggest that annual reports of plcs and large private companies should include a statement about directors ' responsibilities , acknowledging the role directors ' play in the preparation of the financial statements , and their responsibilities for the decision on whether a going concern basis is appropriate , and for ensuring that adequate financial controls are in place .
the statements suggest that annual reports of plcs and large private companies should include a statement about directors ' responsibilities , acknowledging the role directors ' play in the preparation of the financial statements , and their responsibilities for the decision on whether a going concern basis is appropriate , and for [making sure] that adequate financial controls are in place .

The key to reaping these benefits is clearly good organisation and ensuring that the in-house forum does n't all too easily degenerate into office politics , tittle-tattle and administration .
the key to reaping these benefits is clearly good organisation and [making sure] that the in-house forum does n't all too easily degenerate into office politics , tittle-tattle and administration .

Accountants also have an important role to play in ensuring that green taxes — such as the much-discussed carbon tax — are designed and administered efficiently .
accountants also have an important role to play in [making sure] that green taxes — such as the much-discussed carbon tax — are designed and administered efficiently .

It recognises that the prime responsibility for ensuring compliance with and for reporting breaches of the conduct of business rules lies with management of the investment business , and that regulators carry out their own inspection visits .
it recognises that the prime responsibility for [making sure] compliance with and for reporting breaches of the conduct of business rules lies with management of the investment business , and that regulators carry out their own inspection visits .

In his study of poverty in the United Kingdom , Townsend ( 1979 ) argued that the mechanism of inheritance remains an important vehicle for ensuring that the wealthier groups in society maintain their economic position across generations .
in his study of poverty in the united kingdom , townsend ( 1979 ) argued that the mechanism of inheritance remains an important vehicle for [making sure] that the wealthier groups in society maintain their economic position across generations .

We know rather little about what kind of bargains are struck at the present time although inheritance is always a possible way of ensuring that the balance of support does not tip too much in one direction , even if its use is not spoken about openly .
we know rather little about what kind of bargains are struck at the present time although inheritance is always a possible way of [making sure] that the balance of support does not tip too much in one direction , even if its use is not spoken about openly .

The effect of marriage between cousins is to secure and maintain the boundaries of the kin group and the resources which it controls , by ensuring that no one takes anything out of the kin group when they marry , and that strangers are not introduced ( Tillion , 1983 ) .
the effect of marriage between cousins is to secure and maintain the boundaries of the kin group and the resources which it controls , by [making sure] that no one takes anything out of the kin group when they marry , and that strangers are not introduced ( tillion , 1983 ) .

Yes , it is inhabited again , only this time by an army detachment which monitors the efforts of a missile range in the Hebrides , but it does mean that electric light and other amenities are made available — including a pub called the Puff Inn ! The National Trust for Scotland have an on-going programme of work on the island , keeping the cottages of the former islanders in a good state of repair , maintaining a small museum and generally ensuring that St Kilda and the St Kildans will never be forgotten .
yes , it is inhabited again , only this time by an army detachment which monitors the efforts of a missile range in the hebrides , but it does mean that electric light and other amenities are made available — including a pub called the puff inn ! the national trust for scotland have an on-going programme of work on the island , keeping the cottages of the former islanders in a good state of repair , maintaining a small museum and generally [making sure] that st kilda and the st kildans will never be forgotten .

The Children Act gave SSDs new responsibilities for ensuring children 's welfare in independent schools .
the children act gave ssds new responsibilities for [making sure] children 's welfare in independent schools .

Since Christie had the vote of the burgh of Stirling at his disposal after the Michaelmas elections of 1740 , when the friends of James Erskine of Grange were turned out of council by Christie 's party , Ilay and Milton showed their appreciation of the magistrate 's friendship by ensuring that Sir Robert Walpole recommended Mr. Christie to Sir Charles Wager to such effect that the admiral named Christie to the highly desirable post of lieutenant in a new frigate , with all the prospects of prize money which such an appointment entailed .
since christie had the vote of the burgh of stirling at his disposal after the michaelmas elections of 1740 , when the friends of james erskine of grange were turned out of council by christie 's party , ilay and milton showed their appreciation of the magistrate 's friendship by [making sure] that sir robert walpole recommended mr. christie to sir charles wager to such effect that the admiral named christie to the highly desirable post of lieutenant in a new frigate , with all the prospects of prize money which such an appointment entailed .

The potential emphasis in the legislative framework on permissive intervention , implying the co-operation of families in ensuring the adequate care of their children , relates primarily to services designed to prevent the need for admission to care .
the potential emphasis in the legislative framework on permissive intervention , implying the co-operation of families in [making sure] the adequate care of their children , relates primarily to services designed to prevent the need for admission to care .

If the family should choose the first method , for example , ensuring that a life-story book is provided , then the child has the option of an identity outside his or her adoptive family .
if the family should choose the first method , for example , [making sure] that a life-story book is provided , then the child has the option of an identity outside his or her adoptive family .

This may not be the person with the most frequent face-to-face contact with the child or family , but he or she has the task of ensuring that the statutory responsibilities of the social service agency are fulfilled towards the child , including the regular reviewing of the case , the completion of assessments and the provision of services .
this may not be the person with the most frequent face-to-face contact with the child or family , but he or she has the task of [making sure] that the statutory responsibilities of the social service agency are fulfilled towards the child , including the regular reviewing of the case , the completion of assessments and the provision of services .

The plan should include : ( a ) ensuring the child 's immediate safety ; ( b ) assessing the child 's situation and likely needs in the future ; and ( c ) providing the services needed by the child and family .
the plan should include : ( a ) [making sure] the child 's immediate safety ; ( b ) assessing the child 's situation and likely needs in the future ; and ( c ) providing the services needed by the child and family .

If the tension is sufficient it will contain some part of the problem , whilst also ensuring that it will balloon out somewhere else .
if the tension is sufficient it will contain some part of the problem , whilst also [making sure] that it will balloon out somewhere else .

The king continued to send messengers and letters to Rome , with the purpose , as Anselm soon perceived , of ensuring still further delay .
the king continued to send messengers and letters to rome , with the purpose , as anselm soon perceived , of [making sure] still further delay .

He thought that by involving as many as possible in the formal decision-making , he was ensuring their support ; but he forgot that his pleasure in obedience had been learnt the hard way of monastic conversion , and it was not shared by many — not even , when it came to the push , at Bec — much less in the world .
he thought that by involving as many as possible in the formal decision-making , he was [making sure] their support ; but he forgot that his pleasure in obedience had been learnt the hard way of monastic conversion , and it was not shared by many — not even , when it came to the push , at bec — much less in the world .

Since then , things have changed but fractionally , many classic rock records still having failed to be recognised in ensuring years . Showing how hip they really are , the Grammy judges dished out their 1992 ‘ Record Of The Year ’ award to Natalie Cole for ‘ Unforgettable ’ , a single that utilised a track Natalie 's pater made back in 1951 !
since then , things have changed but fractionally , many classic rock records still having failed to be recognised in [making sure] years . showing how hip they really are , the grammy judges dished out their 1992 ‘ record of the year ’ award to natalie cole for ‘ unforgettable ’ , a single that utilised a track natalie 's pater made back in 1951 !

The service was non-stop to Clapham Junction , ensuring an absence of interruption .
the service was non-stop to clapham junction , [making sure] an absence of interruption .

Being environmentally conscious , smokeless steam coal from Wales was imported thus ensuring that Westrail will cause the least possible impact on the environment .
being environmentally conscious , smokeless steam coal from wales was imported thus [making sure] that westrail will cause the least possible impact on the environment .

Cut-outs for the projects are provided at the back of the Progress Book , minimizing teacher 's preparation time and ensuring each lesson runs smoothly and successfully .
cut-outs for the projects are provided at the back of the progress book , minimizing teacher 's preparation time and [making sure] each lesson runs smoothly and successfully .

Ensuring the material provokes a positive response from the learner
[making sure] the material provokes a positive response from the learner

Ensuring the material develops the necessary processes and strategies for learning
[making sure] the material develops the necessary processes and strategies for learning

Moreover all fish fry , even very small ones such as tetras , barbs or Apistogramma , can take the smallest white worm , ensuring their survival and rapid growth .
moreover all fish fry , even very small ones such as tetras , barbs or apistogramma , can take the smallest white worm , [making sure] their survival and rapid growth .

What Hollywood had been doing was living off its wits and trying to survive as best it could but it now responded to this challenge not necessarily by taking Dr Dale 's ‘ entire world ’ as its range but at least by ensuring that there were values in its films .
what hollywood had been doing was living off its wits and trying to survive as best it could but it now responded to this challenge not necessarily by taking dr dale 's ‘ entire world ’ as its range but at least by [making sure] that there were values in its films .

As the wallpaper is drawn from the Autopaster , a film of paste is deposited on the underside by a central foam-covered roller , ensuring the entire surface is evenly covered .
as the wallpaper is drawn from the autopaster , a film of paste is deposited on the underside by a central foam-covered roller , [making sure] the entire surface is evenly covered .

An approach structured by a particular procedure is of considerable assistance in reducing ambiguity and ensuring that the result is comprehensive .
an approach structured by a particular procedure is of considerable assistance in reducing ambiguity and [making sure] that the result is comprehensive .

There is a risk that what is intended to be an aid only during training can become an undesirable crutch in that performance comes to depend on it but this is rare and can be avoided by using a suitable time delay , thus ensuring that it is really learning and not action feedback .
there is a risk that what is intended to be an aid only during training can become an undesirable crutch in that performance comes to depend on it but this is rare and can be avoided by using a suitable time delay , thus [making sure] that it is really learning and not action feedback .

Apprenticeship training is essentially about ensuring standards of workmanship and characteristically it appears at first sight to take an unconscionably long time .
apprenticeship training is essentially about [making sure] standards of workmanship and characteristically it appears at first sight to take an unconscionably long time .

Consequently , it was decided that he should no longer be fed , thus ensuring that he would die .
consequently , it was decided that he should no longer be fed , thus [making sure] that he would die .

‘ We are calling on Members of Parliament to support the Parliamentary campaign ensuring that the policy of ‘ Born Too Soon ’ is not adopted and that every individual is provided with the proper medical care regardless of age , size , race or gender .
‘ we are calling on members of parliament to support the parliamentary campaign [making sure] that the policy of ‘ born too soon ’ is not adopted and that every individual is provided with the proper medical care regardless of age , size , race or gender .

More specifically , it has been suggested that the ‘ underachievement ’ of black pupils in schools has played a significant part in ensuring that second and third generation young British black people continue to find themselves suffering the ‘ disadvantages ’ encountered by their parents and grandparents .
more specifically , it has been suggested that the ‘ underachievement ’ of black pupils in schools has played a significant part in [making sure] that second and third generation young british black people continue to find themselves suffering the ‘ disadvantages ’ encountered by their parents and grandparents .

There can also be problems in ensuring a measure of concept-equivalence across societies , since what are nominally identical practices or institutions may perform varying functions , or have a very different significance .
there can also be problems in [making sure] a measure of concept-equivalence across societies , since what are nominally identical practices or institutions may perform varying functions , or have a very different significance .

4–5 ) By ensuring the general application of minimum wage standards industry-wide bargaining could also prevent workers from competing with one another by offering to work for less .
4–5 ) by [making sure] the general application of minimum wage standards industry-wide bargaining could also prevent workers from competing with one another by offering to work for less .

You paid your money but you also paid your coupons — ensuring some stab at equality and some effort or control .
you paid your money but you also paid your coupons — [making sure] some stab at equality and some effort or control .

Any sunken area has to be taken up and relaid after ensuring that a firm foundation has been made .
any sunken area has to be taken up and relaid after [making sure] that a firm foundation has been made .

The annual celebration of the ‘ World day of the Sick ’ , therefore , has the manifest purpose of making the People of God and , as a consequence , the many Catholic health care institutions and civil society itself , more aware of the necessity of ensuring the best possible care for the infirm ; of helping the sick person to make the most of suffering , on the human level , but most of all on the supernatural one ; of especially helping the dioceses , Christian communities and religious families to be involved in the health care of apostolate ; of enhancing the ever more valuable commitment of volunteers ; or reminding people of the importance of the spiritual and moral training of health care workers , and last of all of creating a better understanding of the importance of religious care for the sick among diocesan and religious priests , as well as among those who live and work at the side of the person in pain .
the annual celebration of the ‘ world day of the sick ’ , therefore , has the manifest purpose of making the people of god and , as a consequence , the many catholic health care institutions and civil society itself , more aware of the necessity of [making sure] the best possible care for the infirm ; of helping the sick person to make the most of suffering , on the human level , but most of all on the supernatural one ; of especially helping the dioceses , christian communities and religious families to be involved in the health care of apostolate ; of enhancing the ever more valuable commitment of volunteers ; or reminding people of the importance of the spiritual and moral training of health care workers , and last of all of creating a better understanding of the importance of religious care for the sick among diocesan and religious priests , as well as among those who live and work at the side of the person in pain .

Although credit law included for example criminal sanctions against dishonest moneylenders , there was no general means of ensuring that such sanctions were imposed when needed .
although credit law included for example criminal sanctions against dishonest moneylenders , there was no general means of [making sure] that such sanctions were imposed when needed .

Place the red washer into the upper section of the tap and re-assemble so the red washer comes down firmly on to the white seat , ensuring a perfect seal , , .
place the red washer into the upper section of the tap and re-assemble so the red washer comes down firmly on to the white seat , [making sure] a perfect seal , , .

Drill and plug the wall so you can anchor the mounting box in place , ensuring it lies just below the plaster surface . Then connect the new socket to the spur cable
drill and plug the wall so you can anchor the mounting box in place , [making sure] it lies just below the plaster surface . then connect the new socket to the spur cable

The Project Manager will be responsible for calling regular meetings of both committees and ensuring that their business is properly minuted and that the information and decisions contained in such minutes are disseminated in ways considered appropriate by the Project Committee .
the project manager will be responsible for calling regular meetings of both committees and [making sure] that their business is properly minuted and that the information and decisions contained in such minutes are disseminated in ways considered appropriate by the project committee .

6.4 Without prejudice to the generality of Clause [ 6.1 a ] each Party undertakes to establish suitable procedures for ensuring that technical and other information of other Parties is restricted to those employees , or as the case may be members of staff or students , needing such information for the purposes of the duties assigned to them and that all such employees , members of staff and students are themselves subject to suitable obligations of confidence .
6.4 without prejudice to the generality of clause [ 6.1 a ] each party undertakes to establish suitable procedures for [making sure] that technical and other information of other parties is restricted to those employees , or as the case may be members of staff or students , needing such information for the purposes of the duties assigned to them and that all such employees , members of staff and students are themselves subject to suitable obligations of confidence .

, which must come before Parliament in the immediate future , this Congress hereby instructs the Central Board to consider ways and means of ensuring the adequate representation of cooperative knowledge and opinion in Parliament .
, which must come before parliament in the immediate future , this congress hereby instructs the central board to consider ways and means of [making sure] the adequate representation of cooperative knowledge and opinion in parliament .

Ideological state apparatuses ( ISAs ) include a very wide range of institutions which are said to perform the ‘ state ’ function of ensuring social stability .
ideological state apparatuses ( isas ) include a very wide range of institutions which are said to perform the ‘ state ’ function of [making sure] social stability .

In 1923 he began to study economic theory and became convinced that government objectives , far from ensuring a return to prosperity , were actively discouraging it through deflationary policies and obsession with the return to the gold standard at pre-war parity .
in 1923 he began to study economic theory and became convinced that government objectives , far from [making sure] a return to prosperity , were actively discouraging it through deflationary policies and obsession with the return to the gold standard at pre-war parity .

Meanwhile Lloyd George 's radical plans , although ensuring a partial revival of the Liberal corpse in the 1929 election , were effectively sidelined , and the accident of illness was to ensure that he played no part in the formation of the coalition government of 1931 either .
meanwhile lloyd george 's radical plans , although [making sure] a partial revival of the liberal corpse in the 1929 election , were effectively sidelined , and the accident of illness was to ensure that he played no part in the formation of the coalition government of 1931 either .

The problem therefore arises of achieving this enviable state and yet ensuring that sinners do not go unpunished .
the problem therefore arises of achieving this enviable state and yet [making sure] that sinners do not go unpunished .

The system of interest group pressure ensuring state responsiveness to its publics thus appears to be flawed .
the system of interest group pressure [making sure] state responsiveness to its publics thus appears to be flawed .

Their interests coalesce in ensuring that they are in harness in orchestrating the general momentum of the investigation of sex crime .
their interests coalesce in [making sure] that they are in harness in orchestrating the general momentum of the investigation of sex crime .

Co-operation between the teachers and therapists involved with the child aims at ensuring the formulation of a programme which takes account of all the physical , sensory and cognitive aspects of the child 's development .
co-operation between the teachers and therapists involved with the child aims at [making sure] the formulation of a programme which takes account of all the physical , sensory and cognitive aspects of the child 's development .

There is , however , a consensus of opinion among experienced practitioners used to dealing with visually handicapped pupils and among writers concerned with the education of such children that competence in personal mobility and orientation is a prime source of safety and a great help in ensuring access to the whole campus and its various buildings and rooms .
there is , however , a consensus of opinion among experienced practitioners used to dealing with visually handicapped pupils and among writers concerned with the education of such children that competence in personal mobility and orientation is a prime source of safety and a great help in [making sure] access to the whole campus and its various buildings and rooms .

To consider the effect of the environment of the day-to-day life of the visually handicapped pupil only in terms of minimising hazard and ensuring reasonable safety is to underestimate its potential .
to consider the effect of the environment of the day-to-day life of the visually handicapped pupil only in terms of minimising hazard and [making sure] reasonable safety is to underestimate its potential .

Illumination can often be improved quite simply by ensuring that windows , lightbulbs and fittings are kept clean ; light matt coloured walls can also give measurably greater light reflection than darker colours used for overall décor , and this should be borne in mind when redecoration is undertaken .
illumination can often be improved quite simply by [making sure] that windows , lightbulbs and fittings are kept clean ; light matt coloured walls can also give measurably greater light reflection than darker colours used for overall décor , and this should be borne in mind when redecoration is undertaken .

The teacher 's aid can help , however , by ensuring that equipment that is difficult for a child to handle is available when needed and properly stored when not in use .
the teacher 's aid can help , however , by [making sure] that equipment that is difficult for a child to handle is available when needed and properly stored when not in use .

Reducing possible misunderstanding or confusion by ensuring that tasks requiring vision are presented as clearly as possible both in terms of the materials themselves and the way in which explanations and directions are given will be a great help not only to pupils with defective vision but also to their classmates .
reducing possible misunderstanding or confusion by [making sure] that tasks requiring vision are presented as clearly as possible both in terms of the materials themselves and the way in which explanations and directions are given will be a great help not only to pupils with defective vision but also to their classmates .

Such campaigns are essential to the British Section , not only as a means of raising awareness , funds and members , but also because they project Amnesty onto the high street — one step closer to ensuring human rights is foremost in people 's minds .
such campaigns are essential to the british section , not only as a means of raising awareness , funds and members , but also because they project amnesty onto the high street — one step closer to [making sure] human rights is foremost in people 's minds .

The use of a choke chain for training purposes is not favoured by all trainers , but provided that it is fitted correctly then it should not injure the puppy , and can prove useful in ensuring that it learns to walk properly on the leash .
the use of a choke chain for training purposes is not favoured by all trainers , but provided that it is fitted correctly then it should not injure the puppy , and can prove useful in [making sure] that it learns to walk properly on the leash .

The general procedure , however , is to work with the dog over a period of time , ensuring a non-conflict situation so as to overcome its fears .
the general procedure , however , is to work with the dog over a period of time , [making sure] a non-conflict situation so as to overcome its fears .

Over the ensuring months each item has been carefully checked over and repaired and painted as necessary .
over the [making sure] months each item has been carefully checked over and repaired and painted as necessary .

The links she is forming — trade with China and Korea , New Zealand and Australia — are deliberately aimed at ensuring that Chile in particular , and South America in general , is becoming very much a legitimate partner in the Pacific of the future , no matter that the local cultures and traditions , -combined with the sheer distance from the Pacific 's economic heartland , have always hitherto militated against the continent 's inclusion .
the links she is forming — trade with china and korea , new zealand and australia — are deliberately aimed at [making sure] that chile in particular , and south america in general , is becoming very much a legitimate partner in the pacific of the future , no matter that the local cultures and traditions , -combined with the sheer distance from the pacific 's economic heartland , have always hitherto militated against the continent 's inclusion .

Local authority social services should be responsible for identifying all people with community care needs in their area , for assessing such needs , for arranging for individuals to receive social , domestic and personal care , and for ensuring that other authorities such as housing and health services are alerted to their needs .
local authority social services should be responsible for identifying all people with community care needs in their area , for assessing such needs , for arranging for individuals to receive social , domestic and personal care , and for [making sure] that other authorities such as housing and health services are alerted to their needs .

There is one person responsible for ensuring that the individual does not ‘ slip through the net ’ or drift away from the service , a factor which is particularly important in mental health services .
there is one person responsible for [making sure] that the individual does not ‘ slip through the net ’ or drift away from the service , a factor which is particularly important in mental health services .

The ‘ rehabilitation ’ or ‘ long-term support ’ team , as well as caring for a group of people with long-term problems , should also be responsible for maintaining a register of all people who should be receiving help in order to assist with monitoring their progress , ensuring that they receive the right care and treatment and that they do not get lost to the service .
the ‘ rehabilitation ’ or ‘ long-term support ’ team , as well as caring for a group of people with long-term problems , should also be responsible for maintaining a register of all people who should be receiving help in order to assist with monitoring their progress , [making sure] that they receive the right care and treatment and that they do not get lost to the service .

All services should address relatives ' needs seriously by giving information , ensuring they feel involved and above all by ensuring that they are given the support they need to carry on caring .
all services should address relatives ' needs seriously by giving information , [making sure] they feel involved and above all by [making sure] that they are given the support they need to carry on caring .

Advocacy — ensuring service users have a say
advocacy — [making sure] service users have a say

‘ Citizen advocacy ’ is a voluntary movement where coordinating staff train selected volunteers to represent the interests of specific individuals , and ‘ legal advocacy ’ is a specialized legal service directed at ensuring individuals exercise or defend their legal rights .
‘ citizen advocacy ’ is a voluntary movement where coordinating staff train selected volunteers to represent the interests of specific individuals , and ‘ legal advocacy ’ is a specialized legal service directed at [making sure] individuals exercise or defend their legal rights .

Ensuring that rules and standards are rigidly applied by intensive staff training on a continuing education and refresher course basis and by a ‘ fall-back ’ disciplinary or , even , dismissal procedure
[making sure] that rules and standards are rigidly applied by intensive staff training on a continuing education and refresher course basis and by a ‘ fall-back ’ disciplinary or , even , dismissal procedure

Imbuing staff with specific cultural attitudes which they must constantly rehearse ; part of this consists of ensuring that staff are proud to be part of a highly elite team
imbuing staff with specific cultural attitudes which they must constantly rehearse ; part of this consists of [making sure] that staff are proud to be part of a highly elite team

Clearly devolving responsibility for delivering the service locally by pushing such responsibility as far down the hierarchy to the point of delivery as is reasonably possible , and by ensuring that the local manager is placed in a hierarchy of managers , all with closely defined job descriptions from top to bottom of the organization
clearly devolving responsibility for delivering the service locally by pushing such responsibility as far down the hierarchy to the point of delivery as is reasonably possible , and by [making sure] that the local manager is placed in a hierarchy of managers , all with closely defined job descriptions from top to bottom of the organization

Ensuring that services stay up to set standards by employing a team of inspectors to monitor the service in detail
[making sure] that services stay up to set standards by employing a team of inspectors to monitor the service in detail

Preventing substance misuse is largely a matter of controlling the availability of drugs and this involves controlling the cultivation and processing of drugs , preventing their import through ports and airports , and ensuring tight pharmacy security and controls on prescribing .
preventing substance misuse is largely a matter of controlling the availability of drugs and this involves controlling the cultivation and processing of drugs , preventing their import through ports and airports , and [making sure] tight pharmacy security and controls on prescribing .

Services should also affirm their policies on equal opportunities by ensuring that they monitor the use of their services by specific ethnic groups , test that the information they make available for the public is comprehensible and accessible , canvass users ' views of the current services , recruit staff of different ethnic backgrounds , at all levels in the organization ( although , in the case of Afro-Caribbeans in particular , this can be difficult due to the lower educational opportunities of this group and , in consequence , a paucity of suitable candidates for posts ) , and institute a programme of training for staff of all grades and backgrounds to understand their own conscious and unconscious prejudices about race and culture .
services should also affirm their policies on equal opportunities by [making sure] that they monitor the use of their services by specific ethnic groups , test that the information they make available for the public is comprehensible and accessible , canvass users ' views of the current services , recruit staff of different ethnic backgrounds , at all levels in the organization ( although , in the case of afro-caribbeans in particular , this can be difficult due to the lower educational opportunities of this group and , in consequence , a paucity of suitable candidates for posts ) , and institute a programme of training for staff of all grades and backgrounds to understand their own conscious and unconscious prejudices about race and culture .

These visits should be at not less than three-monthly intervals , ensuring that the correct particulars are maintained on the agents ' files .
these visits should be at not less than three-monthly intervals , [making sure] that the correct particulars are maintained on the agents ' files .

Setting budgets and the associated budgetary control is one essential ingredient not only in ensuring that managers are aware of the financial implications of their decisions , but also in the measurement of actual performance against a predetermined target .
setting budgets and the associated budgetary control is one essential ingredient not only in [making sure] that managers are aware of the financial implications of their decisions , but also in the measurement of actual performance against a predetermined target .

The major method of ensuring public accountability is through select committees of the House of Commons .
the major method of [making sure] public accountability is through select committees of the house of commons .

This means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the administrative framework for ensuring such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .
this means not only spending substantially larger amounts of money but also providing the administrative framework for [making sure] such policies are pursued uniformly and consistently .

The look of the covers is central to the consistency of the brand name , ensuring that each volume conforms to expectations and that it is concocted to the same recipe .
the look of the covers is central to the consistency of the brand name , [making sure] that each volume conforms to expectations and that it is concocted to the same recipe .

The Beatles were courted by leaders of both parties : Harold Wilson won , corralling them at the Variety Club luncheon of 1964 , and ensuring their MBEs for export services — in late 1965 .
the beatles were courted by leaders of both parties : harold wilson won , corralling them at the variety club luncheon of 1964 , and [making sure] their mbes for export services — in late 1965 .

He was a strange man , still lonely in spite of taking her for his wife , and kept his own counsel , never discussing his thoughts with her , keeping his troubles deep , and always ensuring that she had whatever she needed .
he was a strange man , still lonely in spite of taking her for his wife , and kept his own counsel , never discussing his thoughts with her , keeping his troubles deep , and always [making sure] that she had whatever she needed .

However , this represents the shape of things to come , with the first type increasingly in the ascendancy aided and abetted by the demand for cheap food and the agricultural policies of successive governments aimed at ensuring the expansion of home production .
however , this represents the shape of things to come , with the first type increasingly in the ascendancy aided and abetted by the demand for cheap food and the agricultural policies of successive governments aimed at [making sure] the expansion of home production .

SSDs have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that appropriate accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .
ssds have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that appropriate accommodation is available ; and [making sure] that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .

My dream is achievable because all we have to do is stop doing some of the things we are already doing : stop using the productive forces we have developed to create disabilities through warfare , environmental pollution and industrial accidents ; stop creating disabilities through poverty by using our vast wealth not in pursuit of capital accumulation and profit , but in ensuring that we all have the necessities to sustain material life ; and stop judging and treating people on the basis of the contribution they can or can not make to the development and operation of these productive forces .
my dream is achievable because all we have to do is stop doing some of the things we are already doing : stop using the productive forces we have developed to create disabilities through warfare , environmental pollution and industrial accidents ; stop creating disabilities through poverty by using our vast wealth not in pursuit of capital accumulation and profit , but in [making sure] that we all have the necessities to sustain material life ; and stop judging and treating people on the basis of the contribution they can or can not make to the development and operation of these productive forces .

Their control over the decision-making process has been carefully reinforced by ensuring that the climate of ideas which surround the making of disability policy is also under their influence .
their control over the decision-making process has been carefully reinforced by [making sure] that the climate of ideas which surround the making of disability policy is also under their influence .

Since the size of the residual depends on the efficiency of the firm , the monitor has an interest in ensuring that the firm is run as efficiently as possible .
since the size of the residual depends on the efficiency of the firm , the monitor has an interest in [making sure] that the firm is run as efficiently as possible .

Whether managers lower down the hierarchy pursue the profit goal depends in large part on organisational structure and the values imposed from above , though this is not to underestimate the problems of organisational design or the difficulties involved in ensuring compliance with those values .
whether managers lower down the hierarchy pursue the profit goal depends in large part on organisational structure and the values imposed from above , though this is not to underestimate the problems of organisational design or the difficulties involved in [making sure] compliance with those values .

Against this background it is not surprising that the duty to benefit the company should be framed not as a duty to take specific actions or to achieve determinate results , but is instead concerned only with ensuring that the directors act in accordance with proper objectives .
against this background it is not surprising that the duty to benefit the company should be framed not as a duty to take specific actions or to achieve determinate results , but is instead concerned only with [making sure] that the directors act in accordance with proper objectives .

Even accepting that executive directors are now required to give their full-time attention to company affairs , the law appears to have little role to play in ensuring that the board engage in proper long-term planning or respond vigorously to changes in the business environment .
even accepting that executive directors are now required to give their full-time attention to company affairs , the law appears to have little role to play in [making sure] that the board engage in proper long-term planning or respond vigorously to changes in the business environment .

’ Much of this book is aimed at ensuring that file designers know how to minimize the impact of such indexes or dictionaries on space used and time wasted in file processing .
’ much of this book is aimed at [making sure] that file designers know how to minimize the impact of such indexes or dictionaries on space used and time wasted in file processing .

Western institutional theorists have concerned themselves with the problem of ensuring that the exercise of governmental power , which is essential to the realization of the values of their societies , should be controlled in order that it should not itself be destructive of the values it was intended to promote .
western institutional theorists have concerned themselves with the problem of [making sure] that the exercise of governmental power , which is essential to the realization of the values of their societies , should be controlled in order that it should not itself be destructive of the values it was intended to promote .

Putting it another , more familiar , but less exact way , it is a body of rules ensuring fair play , thus rendering the government ‘ responsible .
putting it another , more familiar , but less exact way , it is a body of rules [making sure] fair play , thus rendering the government ‘ responsible .

Historically , the vast majority of housing departments screened their tenants , putting the ‘ better class of person ’ , as many housing officers described them , onto the best estates , while ensuring that the poorest tenants were housed in sink areas .
historically , the vast majority of housing departments screened their tenants , putting the ‘ better class of person ’ , as many housing officers described them , onto the best estates , while [making sure] that the poorest tenants were housed in sink areas .

But whatever the motives , the Government 's twin aims of handing back the control of unions to the individual members , and ensuring that trade unions act within bounds set by a democratic state , are ones that should have been promoted by the left .
but whatever the motives , the government 's twin aims of handing back the control of unions to the individual members , and [making sure] that trade unions act within bounds set by a democratic state , are ones that should have been promoted by the left .

Ensuring that adequate resources are allocated to support the change and to maintain it once it has been achieved ;
[making sure] that adequate resources are allocated to support the change and to maintain it once it has been achieved ;

Ensuring appropriate use of special roles , temporary systems , study groups , consultants , and transition teams ;
[making sure] appropriate use of special roles , temporary systems , study groups , consultants , and transition teams ;

Ensuring adequate information flow among various parts of the organization ;
[making sure] adequate information flow among various parts of the organization ;

Ensuring the supply , preparation , and testing of top management people .
[making sure] the supply , preparation , and testing of top management people .

These were ‘ the integration of different segments of the labour process by a system of conveyors and handling devices ensuring the movement of the materials to be transformed and their arrival at the appropriate machine tools ’ .
these were ‘ the integration of different segments of the labour process by a system of conveyors and handling devices [making sure] the movement of the materials to be transformed and their arrival at the appropriate machine tools ’ .

The fairly effective neutralization of countervailing sources of leadership from professional bodies and trade unions is an important component of this , as is the considerable attention paid to ensuring that leadership initiatives have broad-based support before they are adopted , through the mechanisms of the ringi-ko decision-making structure and the extensive use of generalist managerial job rotation .
the fairly effective neutralization of countervailing sources of leadership from professional bodies and trade unions is an important component of this , as is the considerable attention paid to [making sure] that leadership initiatives have broad-based support before they are adopted , through the mechanisms of the ringi-ko decision-making structure and the extensive use of generalist managerial job rotation .

This feature of child development has echoes also in social development , where there is an analogy with the role of objects in social reproduction before the acquisition of writing skills ; at this stage objects as authentic objectifications of the ancestors were , along with oral tradition , the major means of ensuring the continuity of social reproduction ( Weiner 1985 ) .
this feature of child development has echoes also in social development , where there is an analogy with the role of objects in social reproduction before the acquisition of writing skills ; at this stage objects as authentic objectifications of the ancestors were , along with oral tradition , the major means of [making sure] the continuity of social reproduction ( weiner 1985 ) .

Ironically , that set of ideas and ideals which expressed the legitimacy of form following function was most effective in ensuring that function followed form .
ironically , that set of ideas and ideals which expressed the legitimacy of form following function was most effective in [making sure] that function followed form .

Some approaches , including the conventional account of the industrial revolution , certain Marxist analyses and business-oriented researches , appear to emphasize productive forces as the prime mover , and are concerned with consumption only as the outcome of capitalist interests and the problem of ensuring that desire and demand correspond with the needs of industry .
some approaches , including the conventional account of the industrial revolution , certain marxist analyses and business-oriented researches , appear to emphasize productive forces as the prime mover , and are concerned with consumption only as the outcome of capitalist interests and the problem of [making sure] that desire and demand correspond with the needs of industry .

Despite these problems the traditional budget continues to serve its original purpose , that of ensuring compliance with the conditions set out in appropriations .
despite these problems the traditional budget continues to serve its original purpose , that of [making sure] compliance with the conditions set out in appropriations .

Efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .
efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively [making sure] that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .

Effectiveness : ensuring that the output from any given activity is achieving the desired results .
effectiveness : [making sure] that the output from any given activity is achieving the desired results .

Their emphasis is on ensuring that the adoption of standard routines for management practice will result in the realization of greater efficiency and effectiveness .
their emphasis is on [making sure] that the adoption of standard routines for management practice will result in the realization of greater efficiency and effectiveness .

ensuring fair competition by removing the obstacles and disincentives to contracting out ;
[making sure] fair competition by removing the obstacles and disincentives to contracting out ;

Instead , their contribution has more to do with co-ordination , management of collaboration and complexity , ensuring widespread input and engagement , and , finally , validating or ratifying the commitment of the firm to a course of action .
instead , their contribution has more to do with co-ordination , management of collaboration and complexity , [making sure] widespread input and engagement , and , finally , validating or ratifying the commitment of the firm to a course of action .

These firms ' use of local knowledge is visible in their universal policy of ensuring close contact between engineers and customers , and between designers and manufacturing engineers .
these firms ' use of local knowledge is visible in their universal policy of [making sure] close contact between engineers and customers , and between designers and manufacturing engineers .

By ensuring the transmission of local versions of organizational ‘ common sense ’ ( that ‘ you 've got to include the minions , ’ as one wag had it ) these firms help to push the essential decision criteria and the wherewithal for decision making well down into the organization .
by [making sure] the transmission of local versions of organizational ‘ common sense ’ ( that ‘ you 've got to include the minions , ’ as one wag had it ) these firms help to push the essential decision criteria and the wherewithal for decision making well down into the organization .

He is responsible for planning and control of the project , and for ensuring that cost estimates and project schedules are realistic , that time and money are properly budgeted between functional departments , and that the staff is doing a good job .
he is responsible for planning and control of the project , and for [making sure] that cost estimates and project schedules are realistic , that time and money are properly budgeted between functional departments , and that the staff is doing a good job .

Successful companies use integrated design management as a means of ensuring that all products , communications and services of the organization are serving the overall business .
successful companies use integrated design management as a means of [making sure] that all products , communications and services of the organization are serving the overall business .

( Jones and Kodras , 1986 , p. 52 , suggest a more economic interpretation , involving the white population attempting ‘ to preserve a low-wage labor-force for agriculture and labor-intensive industries by , among other things , ensuring that welfare programs present no viable alternative to labor in the fields or factories ’ . )
( jones and kodras , 1986 , p. 52 , suggest a more economic interpretation , involving the white population attempting ‘ to preserve a low-wage labor-force for agriculture and labor-intensive industries by , among other things , [making sure] that welfare programs present no viable alternative to labor in the fields or factories ’ . )

At the same time , these large organisations are equally scrupulous in ensuring that tax and social security deductions are made for their casual workers .
at the same time , these large organisations are equally scrupulous in [making sure] that tax and social security deductions are made for their casual workers .

Even in the engineering companies the role of the unions seemed to have been limited to ensuring that , in other than their temporary status , temporary workers were not disadvantaged and received the same fringe benefits ( except membership of company pension schemes ) as regular workers .
even in the engineering companies the role of the unions seemed to have been limited to [making sure] that , in other than their temporary status , temporary workers were not disadvantaged and received the same fringe benefits ( except membership of company pension schemes ) as regular workers .

This grew naturally from the edge and surface description modellers by the addition of procedures for ensuring that the object is fully defined by surfaces , and by giving these surfaces an `` inner `` and `` outer `` side .
this grew naturally from the edge and surface description modellers by the addition of procedures for [making sure] that the object is fully defined by surfaces , and by giving these surfaces an `` inner `` and `` outer `` side .

Rather bitter negotiations resulted in our final victory , and our stuffing our possessions into the windowless cabin astern and ensuring that our toothbrushes — significant status symbols — joined the only other two aboard in the privileged rack at the foot of the mizzenmast .
rather bitter negotiations resulted in our final victory , and our stuffing our possessions into the windowless cabin astern and [making sure] that our toothbrushes — significant status symbols — joined the only other two aboard in the privileged rack at the foot of the mizzenmast .

This may be an apocryphal story but illustrates the importance of ensuring that your notes will be meaningful to others , even long after they are written .
this may be an apocryphal story but illustrates the importance of [making sure] that your notes will be meaningful to others , even long after they are written .

The cheapness of the method , combined with the ease in ensuring that a particular colour would be identical in shade to the one used earlier , meant that plant dyes soon fell into disuse except in remote country areas .
the cheapness of the method , combined with the ease in [making sure] that a particular colour would be identical in shade to the one used earlier , meant that plant dyes soon fell into disuse except in remote country areas .

Now it is rarely seen , though the present herb revival is ensuring that it is once more being propagated and distributed .
now it is rarely seen , though the present herb revival is [making sure] that it is once more being propagated and distributed .

Chief among these is that of ensuring that left and right hemisphere damaged groups are appropriately matched in extent and type of pathology as well as in locus of lesion .
chief among these is that of [making sure] that left and right hemisphere damaged groups are appropriately matched in extent and type of pathology as well as in locus of lesion .

One group of Italian workers attempted to deal with the problem of ensuring equivalent left and right hemisphere damage in their two groups of patients by assessing simple reaction time to a visually presented stimulus .
one group of italian workers attempted to deal with the problem of [making sure] equivalent left and right hemisphere damage in their two groups of patients by assessing simple reaction time to a visually presented stimulus .

Secondly , ensuring a good intake of protein in the diet will help to minimize loss of muscle tissue during a weigh-loss programme .
secondly , [making sure] a good intake of protein in the diet will help to minimize loss of muscle tissue during a weigh-loss programme .

Oxygen depletion in an ornamental pond can easily be prevented by ensuring that there is plenty of water movement which will mix the high oxygen surface water and low oxygen bottom layers .
oxygen depletion in an ornamental pond can easily be prevented by [making sure] that there is plenty of water movement which will mix the high oxygen surface water and low oxygen bottom layers .

Primary health care managers have the task of ensuring that their health information systems produce relevant information .
primary health care managers have the task of [making sure] that their health information systems produce relevant information .

The final function that the professional-managerial class perform for the ruling class is helping to develop the consumer goods market , ensuring that the working class consume new products produced by capitalism .
the final function that the professional-managerial class perform for the ruling class is helping to develop the consumer goods market , [making sure] that the working class consume new products produced by capitalism .

Entry to the professional-managerial class depends largely upon educational qualifications , and the class helps to reproduce itself by devoting considerable effort to ensuring the educational success of its children .
entry to the professional-managerial class depends largely upon educational qualifications , and the class helps to reproduce itself by devoting considerable effort to [making sure] the educational success of its children .

Even from the point of view of ‘ saver ’ , let alone ‘ worker ’ , conservative/speculative management of funds can be shown to be damaging : savers ' interests lie in ensuring that when they retire , or reach a specified age , the pensions , endowments or annuities they receive will support a reasonable standard of living .
even from the point of view of ‘ saver ’ , let alone ‘ worker ’ , conservative/speculative management of funds can be shown to be damaging : savers ' interests lie in [making sure] that when they retire , or reach a specified age , the pensions , endowments or annuities they receive will support a reasonable standard of living .

The deposit of a variety of jade amulets for ensuring good fortune and warding off ill-luck among Fu Hao 's grave goods shows that jade had already begun to be directed to individual needs as early as the Shang dynasty , at least for one at the peak of the social system .
the deposit of a variety of jade amulets for [making sure] good fortune and warding off ill-luck among fu hao 's grave goods shows that jade had already begun to be directed to individual needs as early as the shang dynasty , at least for one at the peak of the social system .

Nor are we concerned with ensuring that the responses are voluntary , since the whole purpose of section 2 is to ensure that they are not .
nor are we concerned with [making sure] that the responses are voluntary , since the whole purpose of section 2 is to ensure that they are not .

Yet far from ensuring loyalty to the status quo , their elevated position developed in them a sense of their own importance and dignity which gave them the confidence to question the conventions of tsarist society .
yet far from [making sure] loyalty to the status quo , their elevated position developed in them a sense of their own importance and dignity which gave them the confidence to question the conventions of tsarist society .

Law and order departs from the Justice Model markedly in its attitude to due process : if anything it disap-proves of excessive procedural safeguards on the grounds that they are likely to act as an obstacle to ensuring offenders receive their just deserts .
law and order departs from the justice model markedly in its attitude to due process : if anything it disap-proves of excessive procedural safeguards on the grounds that they are likely to act as an obstacle to [making sure] offenders receive their just deserts .

One way of avoiding most of the problems associated with legislative guide-lines , while still ensuring a reasonable degree of control over the way sentencers exercise their discretion , would be to hand over the task of preparing the guide-lines to an independent sentencing commission or council , of the kind proposed by Ashworth ( 1993a : 447 , 1997 : 91 ) .
one way of avoiding most of the problems associated with legislative guide-lines , while still [making sure] a reasonable degree of control over the way sentencers exercise their discretion , would be to hand over the task of preparing the guide-lines to an independent sentencing commission or council , of the kind proposed by ashworth ( 1993a : 447 , 1997 : 91 ) .

By ensuring adequate representation of sentencers from all levels of court , in addition to other professionals with experience of the penal system , he suggests that such a body would be capable of developing realistic guidance for sentencing at all levels that should at the same time be acceptable to sentencers themselves .
by [making sure] adequate representation of sentencers from all levels of court , in addition to other professionals with experience of the penal system , he suggests that such a body would be capable of developing realistic guidance for sentencing at all levels that should at the same time be acceptable to sentencers themselves .

Ever the professional , he silently directed his men with hand signals , ensuring that they took up the correct positions .
ever the professional , he silently directed his men with hand signals , [making sure] that they took up the correct positions .

It was an arguably effective method of achieving both killing and disposal of the body — probably ensuring that the perpetrator remained undetected — to load the victim into an escape pod which was destined to be destroyed as soon as it was tracked by any of the platforms in orbit .
it was an arguably effective method of achieving both killing and disposal of the body — probably [making sure] that the perpetrator remained undetected — to load the victim into an escape pod which was destined to be destroyed as soon as it was tracked by any of the platforms in orbit .

‘ Ensuring that he wo n't be in Kinsai when the Kha-Khan dies , ’ Orcadai observed .
‘ [making sure] that he wo n't be in kinsai when the kha-khan dies , ’ orcadai observed .

While it is clear what the publishers stand to gain by investing both money and effort in ensuring that their key titles are on the shelves at all times , there might be more reluctance on the part of the booksellers to accept this encroachment onto their territory .
while it is clear what the publishers stand to gain by investing both money and effort in [making sure] that their key titles are on the shelves at all times , there might be more reluctance on the part of the booksellers to accept this encroachment onto their territory .

The maternity and child welfare service contributes by ensuring early diagnosis of problems , such as deafness , through its system of regular medical examinations and the observation of health visitors .
the maternity and child welfare service contributes by [making sure] early diagnosis of problems , such as deafness , through its system of regular medical examinations and the observation of health visitors .

Many of the large old psychiatric hospitals have succeeded in making good use of their facilities , in breaking down the whole organization into smaller , semi-autonomous units , and in ensuring generally that the emphasis is on the treatment and rehabilitation of the patients rather than simply on their care and custody .
many of the large old psychiatric hospitals have succeeded in making good use of their facilities , in breaking down the whole organization into smaller , semi-autonomous units , and in [making sure] generally that the emphasis is on the treatment and rehabilitation of the patients rather than simply on their care and custody .

ensuring they do n't waste more than they paid
[making sure] they do n't waste more than they paid

The key to our success is the recognition by users and their families that we avoid notions of coercion and forcible treatment , that psychiatric practice involves more than ensuring compliance with medication .
the key to our success is the recognition by users and their families that we avoid notions of coercion and forcible treatment , that psychiatric practice involves more than [making sure] compliance with medication .

However , the best man is sometimes asked to stay behind at the church , organizing transport and ensuring that the last guest does not get stranded when all the cars have departed .
however , the best man is sometimes asked to stay behind at the church , organizing transport and [making sure] that the last guest does not get stranded when all the cars have departed .

This month it publishes Elric of Melniboné ( £10.99 ) , which has excellent cover art ; the ensuring months will see further volumes .
this month it publishes elric of melniboné ( £10.99 ) , which has excellent cover art ; the [making sure] months will see further volumes .

Life includes contact with men in a caring situation , ensuring appropriate safeguards are taken .
life includes contact with men in a caring situation , [making sure] appropriate safeguards are taken .

The pack says social workers should take responsibility for ensuring the forms are completed but they can be filled in by the person the child is living with .
the pack says social workers should take responsibility for [making sure] the forms are completed but they can be filled in by the person the child is living with .

The number of people seen is high — up to 100 patients a day — thus ensuring that unit costs are kept low .
the number of people seen is high — up to 100 patients a day — thus [making sure] that unit costs are kept low .

Ensuring that private practitioners take on preventive activities and promote healthy behaviour by their patients requires a substantial move away from a strictly market led approach .
[making sure] that private practitioners take on preventive activities and promote healthy behaviour by their patients requires a substantial move away from a strictly market led approach .

This approach includes ensuring that patients are not discharged from hospital until adequate community care is available .
this approach includes [making sure] that patients are not discharged from hospital until adequate community care is available .

Coupled with such instructions , electronic , time coded diaries could provide a better method for ensuring the quality of diary records .
coupled with such instructions , electronic , time coded diaries could provide a better method for [making sure] the quality of diary records .

This survey aimed to provide some baseline information regarding their current procedures for ensuring quality of care in general practice asthma clinics .
this survey aimed to provide some baseline information regarding their current procedures for [making sure] quality of care in general practice asthma clinics .

The system has proved a remarkably cost effective way of ensuring that people are not appointed to consultant posts unless they have reached appropriate levels of training and experience .
the system has proved a remarkably cost effective way of [making sure] that people are not appointed to consultant posts unless they have reached appropriate levels of training and experience .

The royal colleges have a crucial role in ensuring the maintenance of standards through these procedures .
the royal colleges have a crucial role in [making sure] the maintenance of standards through these procedures .

The 1989 white paper on community care , Caring for People , took the implementation of these ideas further : ‘ Where an individual 's needs are complex or significant levels of resources are involved , the government sees considerable merit in nominating a ‘ case manager ’ to take responsibility for ensuring that the individual 's needs are regularly reviewed , resources are managed effectively and that each service user has a single point of contact . ’
the 1989 white paper on community care , caring for people , took the implementation of these ideas further : ‘ where an individual 's needs are complex or significant levels of resources are involved , the government sees considerable merit in nominating a ‘ case manager ’ to take responsibility for [making sure] that the individual 's needs are regularly reviewed , resources are managed effectively and that each service user has a single point of contact . ’

Information is recorded on standard forms at screening and these are sent to the appropriate care management and assessment team , which is responsible for ensuring that each stage of the assessment and care management cycle is completed ( box 3 ) .
information is recorded on standard forms at screening and these are sent to the appropriate care management and assessment team , which is responsible for [making sure] that each stage of the assessment and care management cycle is completed ( box 3 ) .

‘ District health authorities can then concentrate on ensuring that … the health needs of the population for which they are responsible are met ; and that their population has access to a comprehensive range of … services .
‘ district health authorities can then concentrate on [making sure] that … the health needs of the population for which they are responsible are met ; and that their population has access to a comprehensive range of … services .

They include : domiciliary support and mundane practical help ensuring contact between individuals and services ensuring contact between the range of staff contributing to care a structured `` care process `` the active coordination of case management the development of service schemes the mobilisation of informal and voluntary care resources One might add , as well , that the contribution of service users and their carers to the provision of care is to be acknowledged and their participation ensured .
they include : domiciliary support and mundane practical help [making sure] contact between individuals and services [making sure] contact between the range of staff contributing to care a structured `` care process `` the active coordination of case management the development of service schemes the mobilisation of informal and voluntary care resources one might add , as well , that the contribution of service users and their carers to the provision of care is to be acknowledged and their participation ensured .

In discussing future development of day care , current facilities must be examined as to their suitability in ensuring that the objectives of the day care can be effectively met .
in discussing future development of day care , current facilities must be examined as to their suitability in [making sure] that the objectives of the day care can be effectively met .

She has given a lot of commitment to the strategy ; she now needs to give as much to the process of change and to ensuring that the public understands it .
she has given a lot of commitment to the strategy ; she now needs to give as much to the process of change and to [making sure] that the public understands it .

Unlike in trial based research , the subject could be harmed but can not benefit and therefore , unlike in trial based research , there is potential conflict between advancing knowledge and ensuring the safety of the individual .
unlike in trial based research , the subject could be harmed but can not benefit and therefore , unlike in trial based research , there is potential conflict between advancing knowledge and [making sure] the safety of the individual .

Standards can be set , but arrangements for ensuring that they are maintained in the private sector are still inadequate .
standards can be set , but arrangements for [making sure] that they are maintained in the private sector are still inadequate .

Esmail and Everington have come up with what could be a far more effective method of ensuring equal opportunities than any that Smith suggests .
esmail and everington have come up with what could be a far more effective method of [making sure] equal opportunities than any that smith suggests .

Such representations have to be very carefully researched , ensuring that as far as possible every detail is correct .
such representations have to be very carefully researched , [making sure] that as far as possible every detail is correct .

The Advisory Committee on Legal Education and Conduct will play a central role in the revised arrangements for supervising legal education and ensuring satisfactory standards of conduct by those entitled to undertake legal services .
the advisory committee on legal education and conduct will play a central role in the revised arrangements for supervising legal education and [making sure] satisfactory standards of conduct by those entitled to undertake legal services .

This structure both avoids abrupt closure , which would be construed as rudeness , and gives the option of reopening after the pre-sequence , thus ensuring that neither participant is deprived of the right to add something forgotten .
this structure both avoids abrupt closure , which would be construed as rudeness , and gives the option of reopening after the pre-sequence , thus [making sure] that neither participant is deprived of the right to add something forgotten .

The range of the job varies from agency to agency , but basically it involves : progress chasing , making sure that jobs are taken through their various stages on time ; production , making sure that jobs go to and from studios and publications in the appropriate form , and the appropriate sizes and shapes ; and record-keeping , ensuring that a record is kept of what is going on on each account and every job done for that account .
the range of the job varies from agency to agency , but basically it involves : progress chasing , making sure that jobs are taken through their various stages on time ; production , making sure that jobs go to and from studios and publications in the appropriate form , and the appropriate sizes and shapes ; and record-keeping , [making sure] that a record is kept of what is going on on each account and every job done for that account .

The account executive is ultimately responsible for planning your campaign and ensuring that the agency delivers the goods .
the account executive is ultimately responsible for planning your campaign and [making sure] that the agency delivers the goods .

Grading is the technical process of ensuring that the colour tones of each sequence in the film go accurately together to produce the desired effect .
grading is the technical process of [making sure] that the colour tones of each sequence in the film go accurately together to produce the desired effect .

According to statements put out last week by the Fnac 's chairman Jean-Louis Pétriat , and addressed to ‘ our future Members of Parliament ’ , the present law has failed to achieve its objectives of ensuring vigorous competition among publishers and protecting the independent bookseller .
according to statements put out last week by the fnac 's chairman jean-louis pétriat , and addressed to ‘ our future members of parliament ’ , the present law has failed to achieve its objectives of [making sure] vigorous competition among publishers and protecting the independent bookseller .

( 5 ) In breach of their fiduciary duties they put themselves in a position where there was a conflict between their duty to the plaintiff to inform him and their personal interest in ensuring that they obtained commission on both Vertigo and Caliban .
( 5 ) in breach of their fiduciary duties they put themselves in a position where there was a conflict between their duty to the plaintiff to inform him and their personal interest in [making sure] that they obtained commission on both vertigo and caliban .

The board considered that although the investigation ordered by the Chief Executive on 18 October 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in Norwich Union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the Winchester Group and in particular ensuring that the Winchester Group complied with the Code of Conduct .
the board considered that although the investigation ordered by the chief executive on 18 october 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in norwich union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the winchester group and in particular [making sure] that the winchester group complied with the code of conduct .

In this context , the material before the board indicated — ( 1 ) that investors were persuaded by company representatives employed by the Winchester Group to cancel their existing policies and to ‘ switch ’ to Norwich Union without their best interests and any disadvantages attendant upon so doing necessarily being considered ; ( 2 ) that other undesirable selling practices — for instance ‘ overselling ’ whereby investors are persuaded to take out a range of policies which they may not be able to afford in the long term — have been employed by company representatives selling on behalf of the Winchester Group ; ( 3 ) that the fact find forms completed by the Winchester Group for forwarding to Norwich Union were inadequate for the purposes of ensuring that products were only sold to investors on a ‘ best advice ’ basis ; ( 4 ) that the connections between Mr. Tee and Mr. Kissane ( a former director of the Winchester Group now awaiting trial on charges of theft of client moneys ) and also between the Winchester Group and Mr. Randhir Singh were such as to call into question the extent to which the controllers , directors and senior managers of the Winchester Group could be regarded as being of good character and competent or otherwise suitable to manage the marketing of investment contracts on behalf of Norwich Union and also whether the Winchester Group could be safely regarded as a fit and proper person for the purposes of enjoying appointed representative status ; ( 5 ) that policies had been sold by eight persons engaged by the Winchester Group who had not been appointed as company representatives of Norwich Union or in any other way authorised to sell investment contracts on behalf of Norwich Union and that other individuals who had been appointed as company representatives had not been registered as such with Lautro ; ( 6 ) that certain company representatives engaged by the Winchester Group appeared to be channelling client moneys through their own personal bank accounts .
in this context , the material before the board indicated — ( 1 ) that investors were persuaded by company representatives employed by the winchester group to cancel their existing policies and to ‘ switch ’ to norwich union without their best interests and any disadvantages attendant upon so doing necessarily being considered ; ( 2 ) that other undesirable selling practices — for instance ‘ overselling ’ whereby investors are persuaded to take out a range of policies which they may not be able to afford in the long term — have been employed by company representatives selling on behalf of the winchester group ; ( 3 ) that the fact find forms completed by the winchester group for forwarding to norwich union were inadequate for the purposes of [making sure] that products were only sold to investors on a ‘ best advice ’ basis ; ( 4 ) that the connections between mr. tee and mr. kissane ( a former director of the winchester group now awaiting trial on charges of theft of client moneys ) and also between the winchester group and mr. randhir singh were such as to call into question the extent to which the controllers , directors and senior managers of the winchester group could be regarded as being of good character and competent or otherwise suitable to manage the marketing of investment contracts on behalf of norwich union and also whether the winchester group could be safely regarded as a fit and proper person for the purposes of enjoying appointed representative status ; ( 5 ) that policies had been sold by eight persons engaged by the winchester group who had not been appointed as company representatives of norwich union or in any other way authorised to sell investment contracts on behalf of norwich union and that other individuals who had been appointed as company representatives had not been registered as such with lautro ; ( 6 ) that certain company representatives engaged by the winchester group appeared to be channelling client moneys through their own personal bank accounts .

‘ It may well be that … the only absolutely sure way of ensuring that a guarantee or charge from a third party is valid is to insist on that party being independently advised .
‘ it may well be that … the only absolutely sure way of [making sure] that a guarantee or charge from a third party is valid is to insist on that party being independently advised .

These will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .
these will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of [making sure] that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .

Ireland stressed that the Act of 1988 was directed to ensuring that the economic benefits of the quotas allocated to the United Kingdom accrued to British fishing communities .
ireland stressed that the act of 1988 was directed to [making sure] that the economic benefits of the quotas allocated to the united kingdom accrued to british fishing communities .

The nationality , domicile and residence requirements , with all their unfairnesses and anomalies , could not be the least burdensome way of ensuring the survival of the quota system or of the fishing communities .
the nationality , domicile and residence requirements , with all their unfairnesses and anomalies , could not be the least burdensome way of [making sure] the survival of the quota system or of the fishing communities .

This requires ensuring that there is a basic valuation and considering its contents .
this requires [making sure] that there is a basic valuation and considering its contents .

With port bias , there are at least two ways of ensuring a reasonable start .
with port bias , there are at least two ways of [making sure] a reasonable start .

Green boasts that British Coal has reduced prices by 30 per cent in real terms over the past six years and predicts the trend will continue ‘ not just by closing marginal capacity , but by ensuring existing capacity will be more efficient ’ .
green boasts that british coal has reduced prices by 30 per cent in real terms over the past six years and predicts the trend will continue ‘ not just by closing marginal capacity , but by [making sure] existing capacity will be more efficient ’ .

ensuring that those meals each comprise a balanced adequate nutritional meal .
[making sure] that those meals each comprise a balanced adequate nutritional meal .

The experience of witnessing psychosocially normal people from a wide range of abilities and backgrounds telling the stories of their individual experience and what has been done to them , would be the best method of ensuring that sufferers from addictive disease are not treated as dismissively in the future as they have tended to be in the past .
the experience of witnessing psychosocially normal people from a wide range of abilities and backgrounds telling the stories of their individual experience and what has been done to them , would be the best method of [making sure] that sufferers from addictive disease are not treated as dismissively in the future as they have tended to be in the past .

Simply expressed , the conventions of the constitution , in ensuring the supremacy of the House of Commons , have `` one ultimate objective .
simply expressed , the conventions of the constitution , in [making sure] the supremacy of the house of commons , have `` one ultimate objective .

In effect , the parties organise and simplify the alternatives into policy packages that give the voters a meaningful and effective choice , so ensuring that the electorate is `` consulted `` at general elections with regard to fundamental legislative changes .
in effect , the parties organise and simplify the alternatives into policy packages that give the voters a meaningful and effective choice , so [making sure] that the electorate is `` consulted `` at general elections with regard to fundamental legislative changes .

Capricious economic forces were managed by democracy so that slump and unemployment were things of the past , and a welfare state had been created by democracy so ensuring that wealth and poverty ( and hence any material basis for class conflict ) were also cast into the dustbin of history .
capricious economic forces were managed by democracy so that slump and unemployment were things of the past , and a welfare state had been created by democracy so [making sure] that wealth and poverty ( and hence any material basis for class conflict ) were also cast into the dustbin of history .

Her relationship with Meirion was crucial , too , for ensuring the steady flow of garments from Carno to London .
her relationship with meirion was crucial , too , for [making sure] the steady flow of garments from carno to london .

Laura was an efficient stage manager , ensuring that the myth remained undisturbed .
laura was an efficient stage manager , [making sure] that the myth remained undisturbed .

Tack , then machine in place , ensuring that the stitching lines are perfectly horizontal and parallel to each other , and make sure you have not caught any of the channel fabric in the stitching .
tack , then machine in place , [making sure] that the stitching lines are perfectly horizontal and parallel to each other , and make sure you have not caught any of the channel fabric in the stitching .

Other candidates presented themselves : Brassard must know Miller 's End and he might have come to hate being bullied by Newley ; Yorick blamed Newley for his own failings , and was hysterical enough to kill on impulse ; Henry , having predicted Newley 's death , had a vested interest in ensuring that the prediction was fulfilled ; Zaza might have been seduced by Newley and then spurned
other candidates presented themselves : brassard must know miller 's end and he might have come to hate being bullied by newley ; yorick blamed newley for his own failings , and was hysterical enough to kill on impulse ; henry , having predicted newley 's death , had a vested interest in [making sure] that the prediction was fulfilled ; zaza might have been seduced by newley and then spurned

Secondly , it was now obviously much easier to fuse figure and surroundings , thus emphasizing the ‘ materiality ’ of space and also ensuring the unity of the picture surface , while the greater complexity and concentration of the central areas generally serves to isolate and emphasize the subject .
secondly , it was now obviously much easier to fuse figure and surroundings , thus emphasizing the ‘ materiality ’ of space and also [making sure] the unity of the picture surface , while the greater complexity and concentration of the central areas generally serves to isolate and emphasize the subject .

Procedural rights are also seem as protecting human dignity by ensuring that the individual is told why he is being treated unfavourably , and by enabling him to take part in that decision .
procedural rights are also seem as protecting human dignity by [making sure] that the individual is told why he is being treated unfavourably , and by enabling him to take part in that decision .

While the potentially serious effect of the report required some procedural protection , this was weighed against that of the administration in ensuring confidentiality , added to which were the factors of speed and the preliminary nature of the proceedings .
while the potentially serious effect of the report required some procedural protection , this was weighed against that of the administration in [making sure] confidentiality , added to which were the factors of speed and the preliminary nature of the proceedings .

In essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of Parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what Parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those conditions are present .
in essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of parliament ; they are [making sure] that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what parliament intended it to examine by [making sure] that those conditions are present .

While this may provide some justification for ensuring that the decision-maker indicates what was the factual basis for his action , we should be extremely wary of developing review of facts upon the premise that all such material could or should be considered .
while this may provide some justification for [making sure] that the decision-maker indicates what was the factual basis for his action , we should be extremely wary of developing review of facts upon the premise that all such material could or should be considered .

Indeed , this represents part of the larger problem of ensuring that administrative authorities accord due facilities for representation before the promulgation of rules .
indeed , this represents part of the larger problem of [making sure] that administrative authorities accord due facilities for representation before the promulgation of rules .

The conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .
the conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by [making sure] that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .

The argument is that Lord Diplock 's terminology distinguishes more clearly between keeping agencies within the scope of their power ( illegality ) , and ensuring that the agency does not offend substantive principles which are independent of those in the statute , even if the decision is ‘ technically ’ within the scope of the legislative scheme ( irrationality ) .
the argument is that lord diplock 's terminology distinguishes more clearly between keeping agencies within the scope of their power ( illegality ) , and [making sure] that the agency does not offend substantive principles which are independent of those in the statute , even if the decision is ‘ technically ’ within the scope of the legislative scheme ( irrationality ) .

The judiciary should employ substantive review as one method of ensuring that the grant of such largesse does not become a mechanism for illegitimately regulating a large number of peripherally related activities .
the judiciary should employ substantive review as one method of [making sure] that the grant of such largesse does not become a mechanism for illegitimately regulating a large number of peripherally related activities .

Expanded review under the hard look doctrine can serve to reinforce such ideas , by ensuring that adequate consideration is accorded to the differing views presented to the agency .
expanded review under the hard look doctrine can serve to reinforce such ideas , by [making sure] that adequate consideration is accorded to the differing views presented to the agency .

Ensuring that the organization 's products are brought to the attention of existing and potential customers by means of suitable advertising and promotional methods ;
[making sure] that the organization 's products are brought to the attention of existing and potential customers by means of suitable advertising and promotional methods ;

Liaison with the marketing department is important to ensure that the productive effort is meeting the customer 's needs , or , where there are difficulties in production , ensuring that the customer is informed and/or is prepared to accept a slightly different standard or quality of product , for example .
liaison with the marketing department is important to ensure that the productive effort is meeting the customer 's needs , or , where there are difficulties in production , [making sure] that the customer is informed and/or is prepared to accept a slightly different standard or quality of product , for example .

The costs of ensuring quality are twofold — direct costs , such as the wages and salaries of designers and inspectors , and indirect costs , such as the loss of orders , wastage and rectification costs .
the costs of [making sure] quality are twofold — direct costs , such as the wages and salaries of designers and inspectors , and indirect costs , such as the loss of orders , wastage and rectification costs .

Thus maintenance can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as ensuring optimum machine availability .
thus maintenance can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as [making sure] optimum machine availability .

The air quality which results from this strategy depends upon ensuring that the charges are set at precisely the right level for all pollutants .
the air quality which results from this strategy depends upon [making sure] that the charges are set at precisely the right level for all pollutants .

The Chemical Society represented academic chemists , but had not performed any of the professional ‘ trade union ’ functions of fixing fees , ensuring that only the duly qualified were allowed to do public analyses , and so on .
the chemical society represented academic chemists , but had not performed any of the professional ‘ trade union ’ functions of fixing fees , [making sure] that only the duly qualified were allowed to do public analyses , and so on .

The community charge , which received most support as a replacement , would arguably be more fair and enhance local accountability by ensuring that all local electors contributed towards the cost of local services .
the community charge , which received most support as a replacement , would arguably be more fair and enhance local accountability by [making sure] that all local electors contributed towards the cost of local services .

regulatory — ensuring that minimum standards of service provision are maintained and occasionally enforcing national policies on local authorities ( for example , the Home Office ) ;
regulatory — [making sure] that minimum standards of service provision are maintained and occasionally enforcing national policies on local authorities ( for example , the home office ) ;

It is important , however , not to underplay the political dimension of patronage ; it offers a means of securing the co-operation of key pressure groups and ensuring party discipline-hence ministerial ‘ resistance ’ to drastic pruning .
it is important , however , not to underplay the political dimension of patronage ; it offers a means of securing the co-operation of key pressure groups and [making sure] party discipline-hence ministerial ‘ resistance ’ to drastic pruning .

in a nuclear age with the high cost of technology , countries now have to arm against immediate destruction , ensuring that military expenditure must be higher than ever before .
in a nuclear age with the high cost of technology , countries now have to arm against immediate destruction , [making sure] that military expenditure must be higher than ever before .

It seems likely that in very primitive multicellular forms the main mode of communication was chemical — a substance released by one cell , say signalling for the cell to contract , could fairly quickly diffuse to other cells , ensuring that they too contracted .
it seems likely that in very primitive multicellular forms the main mode of communication was chemical — a substance released by one cell , say signalling for the cell to contract , could fairly quickly diffuse to other cells , [making sure] that they too contracted .

However , if staff are to remain in touch with each other , and the head is to remain in touch with all staff , close attention needs to be paid to communication , and to ensuring that managerial procedures like school philosophies and policy statements remain rooted in day-to-day needs and realities rather than take on a life of their own .
however , if staff are to remain in touch with each other , and the head is to remain in touch with all staff , close attention needs to be paid to communication , and to [making sure] that managerial procedures like school philosophies and policy statements remain rooted in day-to-day needs and realities rather than take on a life of their own .

Auditors are normally concerned with ensuring that the accounts of a firm are an accurate record of its financial position and that employers or directors have not been absconding with the funds or ‘ fiddling the books ’ .
auditors are normally concerned with [making sure] that the accounts of a firm are an accurate record of its financial position and that employers or directors have not been absconding with the funds or ‘ fiddling the books ’ .

Those who favour charging reject the claim that free services are the only way of ensuring that the poor benefit from them . It is possible to adopt any of the following strategies to give the poor access :
those who favour charging reject the claim that free services are the only way of [making sure] that the poor benefit from them . it is possible to adopt any of the following strategies to give the poor access :

Garrick joined , and Adam Smith , thereby ensuring that Johnson did not always have the discourse his own way .
garrick joined , and adam smith , thereby [making sure] that johnson did not always have the discourse his own way .

One of the basic contradictions in the politics of these and other Latin American countries derives from the difficulties of trying to superimpose the liberal concept of a state as a mechanism for ensuring free interplay between competing interest groups onto societies with a built-in tendency to corporatism .
one of the basic contradictions in the politics of these and other latin american countries derives from the difficulties of trying to superimpose the liberal concept of a state as a mechanism for [making sure] free interplay between competing interest groups onto societies with a built-in tendency to corporatism .

This philosophy was massively endorsed by the Scarman Report ( Scarman , 1981 ) , which advocated the setting up of community liaison procedures and the use of ‘ beat ’ officers as the principal ways of ensuring greater trust and co-operation between the police and their public .
this philosophy was massively endorsed by the scarman report ( scarman , 1981 ) , which advocated the setting up of community liaison procedures and the use of ‘ beat ’ officers as the principal ways of [making sure] greater trust and co-operation between the police and their public .

The convention is organized by eminent literary critics and support staff include ‘ interpreters ’ whose job it is to facilitate relations between the characters as well as ensuring the smooth running of the convention generally .
the convention is organized by eminent literary critics and support staff include ‘ interpreters ’ whose job it is to facilitate relations between the characters as well as [making sure] the smooth running of the convention generally .

The prison served as a means of ensuring a supply of labour .
the prison served as a means of [making sure] a supply of labour .

Ensuring that all children studied a broad range of subjects and did not drop at too early a stage in their school careers subjects which might be useful to them later .
[making sure] that all children studied a broad range of subjects and did not drop at too early a stage in their school careers subjects which might be useful to them later .

Ensuring that all children irrespective of sex , ethnic origin and geographical location have access to broadly the same , sound curriculum .
[making sure] that all children irrespective of sex , ethnic origin and geographical location have access to broadly the same , sound curriculum .

This is a sure recipe for ensuring that when the barriers do come down , those who think this way will be left behind .
this is a sure recipe for [making sure] that when the barriers do come down , those who think this way will be left behind .

The Local Government International Bureau will have a major role to play in ensuring that local government is indeed ready .
the local government international bureau will have a major role to play in [making sure] that local government is indeed ready .

The Bureau is taking a lead in ensuring that local government is ready for 1992 .
the bureau is taking a lead in [making sure] that local government is ready for 1992 .

The West , therefore , had an acute interest in ensuring stability of oil supply and making sure that leaders such as Saddam Hussein could not affect it .
the west , therefore , had an acute interest in [making sure] stability of oil supply and making sure that leaders such as saddam hussein could not affect it .

That must also imply that Western politicians recognise the vital contribution that popular support and sanction would have for legitimising the new security proposals now on the table and thereby ensuring that they would be effective .
that must also imply that western politicians recognise the vital contribution that popular support and sanction would have for legitimising the new security proposals now on the table and thereby [making sure] that they would be effective .

Despite the leading coalition partners ' endless trumpeting of their unimpeachable moral purpose — all that pious flannel about ‘ the liberation of Kuwait ’ — those believing the true purpose to be ensuring the flow of oil , has been measured at over 40% .
despite the leading coalition partners ' endless trumpeting of their unimpeachable moral purpose — all that pious flannel about ‘ the liberation of kuwait ’ — those believing the true purpose to be [making sure] the flow of oil , has been measured at over 40% .

This person is responsible for ensuring that the information given is true , accurate and complete .
this person is responsible for [making sure] that the information given is true , accurate and complete .

Yes , it boils down to a lot more than ensuring that the innocents are clothed and fed .
yes , it boils down to a lot more than [making sure] that the innocents are clothed and fed .

adequate level of internal subsidy ( with unambiguous pricing and funding mechanism ) ensuring continuity of service .
adequate level of internal subsidy ( with unambiguous pricing and funding mechanism ) [making sure] continuity of service .

2.1 Ensuring discussion at the conference raised several key issues about the development and direction of the research project .
2.1 [making sure] discussion at the conference raised several key issues about the development and direction of the research project .

The method relied heavily on prior survey , which was supposed to reveal the directions which the plan should take , the plan being essentially of allocating land ( zoning ) , establishing patterns of communication , ensuring open space provision and giving coherence to community grouping .
the method relied heavily on prior survey , which was supposed to reveal the directions which the plan should take , the plan being essentially of allocating land ( zoning ) , establishing patterns of communication , [making sure] open space provision and giving coherence to community grouping .

Outsiders could not hope to participate in the learned debates on comparative anatomy at the great museums , but field naturalists relied on local amateurs for specimens and surveys , thus ensuring a much greater degree of interaction .
outsiders could not hope to participate in the learned debates on comparative anatomy at the great museums , but field naturalists relied on local amateurs for specimens and surveys , thus [making sure] a much greater degree of interaction .

Unless it 's mine , for letting him — ’ She swung round and stared at Charlotte , who could see her jaw muscles straining with the effort of ensuring she did not cry .
unless it 's mine , for letting him — ’ she swung round and stared at charlotte , who could see her jaw muscles straining with the effort of [making sure] she did not cry .

There was a thermometer on the wall displaying the temperature , ensuring that it was constant so that the paintings were preserved correctly .
there was a thermometer on the wall displaying the temperature , [making sure] that it was constant so that the paintings were preserved correctly .

The initiative for a project very often comes from the funding agency , which adopts a ‘ proactive ’ stance ( in the jargon ) , setting the agenda , administering a steering committee and ensuring that the project is running towards the desired end .
the initiative for a project very often comes from the funding agency , which adopts a ‘ proactive ’ stance ( in the jargon ) , setting the agenda , administering a steering committee and [making sure] that the project is running towards the desired end .

Whatever the validity of these observations , they are salutary warnings in moving over-boldly in the direction of student self-learning ; and they may point to the value of ensuring the existence of an adequately supportive learning environment .
whatever the validity of these observations , they are salutary warnings in moving over-boldly in the direction of student self-learning ; and they may point to the value of [making sure] the existence of an adequately supportive learning environment .

If you are using special fonts do check with the bureau first , they may provide you with a copy of their screen font to install on your system as a way of ensuring that what you send them matches what they send you back .
if you are using special fonts do check with the bureau first , they may provide you with a copy of their screen font to install on your system as a way of [making sure] that what you send them matches what they send you back .

Ensuring compatibility of data between the systems that you currently have and the proposed electronic publishing software is much more important that worrying about the hardware that it runs on .
[making sure] compatibility of data between the systems that you currently have and the proposed electronic publishing software is much more important that worrying about the hardware that it runs on .

On the other hand , supervisors with poor performance are described as spending more time in ensuring that their staff were busily employed in fulfilling specified stages of work .
on the other hand , supervisors with poor performance are described as spending more time in [making sure] that their staff were busily employed in fulfilling specified stages of work .

By emphasising style of leadership and the importance of human relations , it is all too easy to forget that a manager is primarily responsible for ensuring that tasks are done efficiently and effectively .
by emphasising style of leadership and the importance of human relations , it is all too easy to forget that a manager is primarily responsible for [making sure] that tasks are done efficiently and effectively .

Where a supervisor delegates authority to his subordinate , he remains responsible for ensuring that the work gets done , albeit by the subordinate rather than by himself personally .
where a supervisor delegates authority to his subordinate , he remains responsible for [making sure] that the work gets done , albeit by the subordinate rather than by himself personally .

an organisation whose structure lends itself most readily to ensuring that employees work effectively for the achievement of their own and the organisation 's goals .
an organisation whose structure lends itself most readily to [making sure] that employees work effectively for the achievement of their own and the organisation 's goals .

‘ it is difficult to see how these ( organisation ) problems can be solved efficiently without restoring responsible autonomy to primary groups throughout the system and ensuring that each of these groups has a satisfying sub-whole as its work task , and some scope for flexibility in work-pace .
‘ it is difficult to see how these ( organisation ) problems can be solved efficiently without restoring responsible autonomy to primary groups throughout the system and [making sure] that each of these groups has a satisfying sub-whole as its work task , and some scope for flexibility in work-pace .

Its long use down the ages had evolved the sickle 's peculiar sweeping curve which gave the tool perfect balance , ensuring that it would need the minimum effort for its use .
its long use down the ages had evolved the sickle 's peculiar sweeping curve which gave the tool perfect balance , [making sure] that it would need the minimum effort for its use .

There is nothing wrong with ensuring that a benefiting nation spends its gift vouchers in our national shops .
there is nothing wrong with [making sure] that a benefiting nation spends its gift vouchers in our national shops .

Almost at once the construction of a new house was begun , Page 's ample fortune ensuring an astonishing rate of progress .
almost at once the construction of a new house was begun , page 's ample fortune [making sure] an astonishing rate of progress .

His role during the years of British rule was essentially ceremonial ; for his people — a largely agricultural community — the king was a source of ritual ensuring rain and a fertile crop .
his role during the years of british rule was essentially ceremonial ; for his people — a largely agricultural community — the king was a source of ritual [making sure] rain and a fertile crop .

He was actively involved both in obtaining money and materials and in ensuring that work was actually carried out .
he was actively involved both in obtaining money and materials and in [making sure] that work was actually carried out .

Certainly his skill as an administrator was a vital factor in ensuring that so much was built so quickly and magnificently .
certainly his skill as an administrator was a vital factor in [making sure] that so much was built so quickly and magnificently .

When in 1887 Florence Lees persuaded Queen Victoria to devote most of the women 's jubilee offering to establishing district nursing throughout England , the Cravens , together with Florence Nightingale and William Rathbone , were instrumental in ensuring that the Metropolitan and National Nursing Association became the model for Queen Victoria 's Jubilee Institute for Nurses .
when in 1887 florence lees persuaded queen victoria to devote most of the women 's jubilee offering to establishing district nursing throughout england , the cravens , together with florence nightingale and william rathbone , were instrumental in [making sure] that the metropolitan and national nursing association became the model for queen victoria 's jubilee institute for nurses .

Community education can be seen as a means of ensuring the widening of such opportunities through a more effective delivery and coordination of education resources .
community education can be seen as a means of [making sure] the widening of such opportunities through a more effective delivery and coordination of education resources .

From a similar ideological stance as the ‘ trainers ’ are those who see the purpose of adult education with the unemployed as being either therapeutic — easing the process of adjustment and thereby acceptance — or controlling — ensuring that potentially disruptive elements in society are neutralised .
from a similar ideological stance as the ‘ trainers ’ are those who see the purpose of adult education with the unemployed as being either therapeutic — easing the process of adjustment and thereby acceptance — or controlling — [making sure] that potentially disruptive elements in society are neutralised .

These ties have had the effect , not only of ensuring that the peripheral economies serve the needs of the core — principally through provision of cheap raw materials — but also of impeding and distorting political , social and cultural developments at the periphery .
these ties have had the effect , not only of [making sure] that the peripheral economies serve the needs of the core — principally through provision of cheap raw materials — but also of impeding and distorting political , social and cultural developments at the periphery .

One problem with professional standards , because they do not have the force of law , is ensuring compliance .
one problem with professional standards , because they do not have the force of law , is [making sure] compliance .

By ensuring that all debits and credits are maintained separately for funds which are not fungible .
by [making sure] that all debits and credits are maintained separately for funds which are not fungible .

In general terms , inflation accounting methods have been concerned with ensuring that capital is being maintained in economic terms .
in general terms , inflation accounting methods have been concerned with [making sure] that capital is being maintained in economic terms .

to secure the relevance , reliability and integrity of information , so ensuring as far as possible the completeness and accuracy of records ;
to secure the relevance , reliability and integrity of information , so [making sure] as far as possible the completeness and accuracy of records ;

give special attention to the hips and legs , which are the tools for ensuring explosive kicking power .
give special attention to the hips and legs , which are the tools for [making sure] explosive kicking power .

While the Soviet side presented views on ensuring security in Asia on a collective basis the Malaysians ‘ acquainted the Soviet side with the essence of the proposal on the neutralisation of Southeast Asia ’ .
while the soviet side presented views on [making sure] security in asia on a collective basis the malaysians ‘ acquainted the soviet side with the essence of the proposal on the neutralisation of southeast asia ’ .

ensuring uniform and equitable treatment of clients .
[making sure] uniform and equitable treatment of clients .

The Head of Department is responsible for ensuring that all personal tutors , module leaders and Field Chairs in his or her department are aware of their own responsibilities and must be prepared to make arrangements for someone to act in lieu of any of these staff who , for example , are not available to students or registry staff .
the head of department is responsible for [making sure] that all personal tutors , module leaders and field chairs in his or her department are aware of their own responsibilities and must be prepared to make arrangements for someone to act in lieu of any of these staff who , for example , are not available to students or registry staff .

The Head of Department is responsible for nominating persons with whom module leaders should clear their examination papers and mark sheets and for ensuring that associated deadlines are met .
the head of department is responsible for nominating persons with whom module leaders should clear their examination papers and mark sheets and for [making sure] that associated deadlines are met .

The Head of Department is responsible for ensuring that proposals for change are considered by appropriate field and/or subject committees and the departmental board and in particular that resource implications are identified .
the head of department is responsible for [making sure] that proposals for change are considered by appropriate field and/or subject committees and the departmental board and in particular that resource implications are identified .

Their votes played no small part in ensuring that Southern Rhodesia remained a British colony .
their votes played no small part in [making sure] that southern rhodesia remained a british colony .

Finally in 1886 La Chapelle-Triage , a marshalling station , was created to co-ordinate traffic for all the Nord goods stations and was linked to the Gare du Bourget ( 1884 ) , a regulating station for ensuring transit between Nord and the other networks .
finally in 1886 la chapelle-triage , a marshalling station , was created to co-ordinate traffic for all the nord goods stations and was linked to the gare du bourget ( 1884 ) , a regulating station for [making sure] transit between nord and the other networks .

We have considered alternative definitions of a legal problem and indicated what we consider to be the best working definition to adopt , but this discussion will remain largely academic ( save in estimating the extent of unmet legal need ) unless there is some effective way of ensuring that those who have legal problems , however defined , secure legal assistance .
we have considered alternative definitions of a legal problem and indicated what we consider to be the best working definition to adopt , but this discussion will remain largely academic ( save in estimating the extent of unmet legal need ) unless there is some effective way of [making sure] that those who have legal problems , however defined , secure legal assistance .

You did a lot towards ensuring victory .
you did a lot towards [making sure] victory .

The provider role is not emphasized in the brokerage model which involves ensuring that others provide the needed services .
the provider role is not emphasized in the brokerage model which involves [making sure] that others provide the needed services .

The annex to the circular also highlights four important issues related to the local arrangements for care programming : inter-professional working , involving patients and carers , keeping in touch with patients while ensuring that services are provided , and the role of key workers .
the annex to the circular also highlights four important issues related to the local arrangements for care programming : inter-professional working , involving patients and carers , keeping in touch with patients while [making sure] that services are provided , and the role of key workers .

For all its faults the classic welfare state , modified where needed , remains one of the most effective ways of ensuring that the essential needs of citizens are met .
for all its faults the classic welfare state , modified where needed , remains one of the most effective ways of [making sure] that the essential needs of citizens are met .

‘ We are selling publishers ’ books at list prices , to the core market , and thus ensuring that publishers are able to recover their origination , only to see a mass of examples of the same book on offer elsewhere at cheaper prices .
‘ we are selling publishers ’ books at list prices , to the core market , and thus [making sure] that publishers are able to recover their origination , only to see a mass of examples of the same book on offer elsewhere at cheaper prices .

When she was not steeped in work she was warm and gregarious , almost as though she was ensuring a queue of admirers to buy up her next batch of paintings .
when she was not steeped in work she was warm and gregarious , almost as though she was [making sure] a queue of admirers to buy up her next batch of paintings .

Operate in an environmentally conscious manner while ensuring safe and secure working conditions for our employees worldwide .
operate in an environmentally conscious manner while [making sure] safe and secure working conditions for our employees worldwide .

Research managers within our business will be responsible for the supervision of individual projects — and ensuring their value for money — except in the case of NBIPs which will be monitored corporately .
research managers within our business will be responsible for the supervision of individual projects — and [making sure] their value for money — except in the case of nbips which will be monitored corporately .

In addition they provide compensation water into the burns and rivers ensuring a continual supply to those users who tap straight into them for their supply , eg .
in addition they provide compensation water into the burns and rivers [making sure] a continual supply to those users who tap straight into them for their supply , eg .

The culture change we seek to secure is one of ensuring that our new arrangements are needs led rather than service driven .
the culture change we seek to secure is one of [making sure] that our new arrangements are needs led rather than service driven .

Armed with a screwdriver in one hand and a bag of chips in the other , the staff of the Computer Co-ordination Section can be seen floating in and out of offices ensuring that Lothian Highways ' computers and peripherals operate efficiently .
armed with a screwdriver in one hand and a bag of chips in the other , the staff of the computer co-ordination section can be seen floating in and out of offices [making sure] that lothian highways ' computers and peripherals operate efficiently .

2.1 In its policy on violence to employees at work Lothian Regional Council has reaffirmed its continuing responsibility as an employer for ensuring , so far as is reasonably practicable , the health , safety and welfare of all of its employees . In this regard the Council accepts that these responsibilities include the provision of :
2.1 in its policy on violence to employees at work lothian regional council has reaffirmed its continuing responsibility as an employer for [making sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , the health , safety and welfare of all of its employees . in this regard the council accepts that these responsibilities include the provision of :

Particular attention will be given to ensuring that schemes promoted under the Roads and Transport Capital Budget block allocations for Road Safety will be given priorities associated with their contribution to road safety .
particular attention will be given to [making sure] that schemes promoted under the roads and transport capital budget block allocations for road safety will be given priorities associated with their contribution to road safety .

By ensuring that only the most promising designs are subjected to the rigour of costly physical tests , it reduces the time and cost penalties of employing test facilities such as wind tunnels .
by [making sure] that only the most promising designs are subjected to the rigour of costly physical tests , it reduces the time and cost penalties of employing test facilities such as wind tunnels .

While there is no legal requirement actually to carry out those test , it is clearly a good way of ensuring that products comply .
while there is no legal requirement actually to carry out those test , it is clearly a good way of [making sure] that products comply .

Some of the work has already been done , but we still need to find around £15,000 to enable the expert witnesses to prepare their statements of case and to be available to present their evidence at the inquiry . This sum includes the cost of ensuring our case is ably orchestrated by John Popham — an essential requirement !
some of the work has already been done , but we still need to find around £15,000 to enable the expert witnesses to prepare their statements of case and to be available to present their evidence at the inquiry . this sum includes the cost of [making sure] our case is ably orchestrated by john popham — an essential requirement !

3 Demand management of all resources , ensuring the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and capacity .
3 demand management of all resources , [making sure] the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and capacity .

ensuring the up-keep and maintenance of Ty Gwyn .
[making sure] the up-keep and maintenance of ty gwyn .

’ The Government has made clear its intention to work towards ensuring that development and growth are sustainable .
’ the government has made clear its intention to work towards [making sure] that development and growth are sustainable .

The planning system , and the preparation of development plans in particular , can contribute to the objectives of ensuring that development and growth are sustainable .
the planning system , and the preparation of development plans in particular , can contribute to the objectives of [making sure] that development and growth are sustainable .

We firmly believe the land use planning system has a central role to play not only in minimising the environmental and social costs of ensuring essential aggregates provision , but also in managing demand .
we firmly believe the land use planning system has a central role to play not only in minimising the environmental and social costs of [making sure] essential aggregates provision , but also in managing demand .

‘ In my view the Government made at least one fundamental mistake when drawing up the legislation , by ensuring that it was the duty of the regulating authority to pay most of the cost of updating old permissions to modern standards .
‘ in my view the government made at least one fundamental mistake when drawing up the legislation , by [making sure] that it was the duty of the regulating authority to pay most of the cost of updating old permissions to modern standards .

We firmly believe the land use planning system has a central role to play not only in minimising the environmental and social costs of ensuring essential aggregates provision , but also in managing demand .
we firmly believe the land use planning system has a central role to play not only in minimising the environmental and social costs of [making sure] essential aggregates provision , but also in managing demand .

We believe that the principles of ensuring that alterations do not damage the historic fabric of the building and respect its special character should be applied wherever buildings judged worthy of retention , particularly those contributing to the special character of a locality , are proposed for conversion .
we believe that the principles of [making sure] that alterations do not damage the historic fabric of the building and respect its special character should be applied wherever buildings judged worthy of retention , particularly those contributing to the special character of a locality , are proposed for conversion .

Thus new all new developments must conform with the development plan which must ‘ work towards ensuring that development and growth are sustainable ’ .
thus new all new developments must conform with the development plan which must ‘ work towards [making sure] that development and growth are sustainable ’ .

If we attempt to restrict development without ensuring access for local people , the result will be to force them out .
if we attempt to restrict development without [making sure] access for local people , the result will be to force them out .

Housing for Rent — local authorities should be responsible for ensuring that rented housing was available for all local people in need of it , provided wherever possible from the existing housing stock ( in contrast to Tai Cymru 's present policy of forcing housing associations to build new houses ) . Adequate resources must be provided by central government , but much of the cost could be met from accumulated capital receipts , which councils are not allowed to spend at present !
housing for rent — local authorities should be responsible for [making sure] that rented housing was available for all local people in need of it , provided wherever possible from the existing housing stock ( in contrast to tai cymru 's present policy of forcing housing associations to build new houses ) . adequate resources must be provided by central government , but much of the cost could be met from accumulated capital receipts , which councils are not allowed to spend at present !

Demand management of all resources , ensuring the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and capacity .
demand management of all resources , [making sure] the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and capacity .

We are committed to ensuring that this reputation remains as sound tomorrow as it is today .
we are committed to [making sure] that this reputation remains as sound tomorrow as it is today .

In those languages that unequivocably exhibit it , tense is one of the main factors ensuring that nearly all sentences when uttered are deictically anchored to a context of utterance .
in those languages that unequivocably exhibit it , tense is one of the main factors [making sure] that nearly all sentences when uttered are deictically anchored to a context of utterance .

The scheme has been welcomed by the National Farmers Union as a cheap method of ensuring that farmers do not harbour illegal chemicals .
the scheme has been welcomed by the national farmers union as a cheap method of [making sure] that farmers do not harbour illegal chemicals .

Such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all ESAs to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management etc .
such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all esas to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) [making sure] that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management etc .

Farmers on the Somerset Levels are to receive extra payments for agreeing to allow surface flooding of their fields between December and May , and ensuring that water levels in ditches do not sink below the mean field level in the summer months .
farmers on the somerset levels are to receive extra payments for agreeing to allow surface flooding of their fields between december and may , and [making sure] that water levels in ditches do not sink below the mean field level in the summer months .

Eight people work in the department , ensuring that all phases of the building programme run smoothly and cause as little disruption to the daily routine of the Museums as possible .
eight people work in the department , [making sure] that all phases of the building programme run smoothly and cause as little disruption to the daily routine of the museums as possible .

Dame Gillian Brown thanked the speakers with great enthusiasm , congratulated the Principal on ensuring the succession , and also thanked Patricia Hutchinson and Mary Keen for a successful meeting , and the University Womens ' Club ( worth joining even if it is known as Pussy Cat Hall by my irreverent 88 year old cousin , a St. Hugh 's gal ) gave us rather a good tea .
dame gillian brown thanked the speakers with great enthusiasm , congratulated the principal on [making sure] the succession , and also thanked patricia hutchinson and mary keen for a successful meeting , and the university womens ' club ( worth joining even if it is known as pussy cat hall by my irreverent 88 year old cousin , a st. hugh 's gal ) gave us rather a good tea .

Greening the Machinery of Government suggests that this duty should include ensuring an optimum use of natural resources , reduction in waste , and the enforcement of the `` polluter pays `` principle .
greening the machinery of government suggests that this duty should include [making sure] an optimum use of natural resources , reduction in waste , and the enforcement of the `` polluter pays `` principle .

In a technical text a reformulation may constrain the interpretation of the original for the purpose of ensuring a more accurate understanding of a particular concept and hence a greater understanding of the surrounding text .
in a technical text a reformulation may constrain the interpretation of the original for the purpose of [making sure] a more accurate understanding of a particular concept and hence a greater understanding of the surrounding text .

The precise exclusions broadly follow the categories of private company which are within the ambit of the Code , thereby ensuring that art 4 does not overlap to any significant extent with the Code .
the precise exclusions broadly follow the categories of private company which are within the ambit of the code , thereby [making sure] that art 4 does not overlap to any significant extent with the code .

( 6 ) As well as ensuring that documents do not fall into the wrong hands , the parties should ensure that any meetings or `` due diligence `` exercises are conducted discreetly , to avoid rumour and speculation .
( 6 ) as well as [making sure] that documents do not fall into the wrong hands , the parties should ensure that any meetings or `` due diligence `` exercises are conducted discreetly , to avoid rumour and speculation .

The landlord should be responsible for ensuring that the works are carried out in accordance with the building documents and if there are any variations , it must either have them corrected or obtain the tenant 's consent to their remaining .
the landlord should be responsible for [making sure] that the works are carried out in accordance with the building documents and if there are any variations , it must either have them corrected or obtain the tenant 's consent to their remaining .

3.10 Subject as provided in clause 5.5.3 all fixtures affixed to or installed in the Premises as part of the Tenant 's Works ( other than Tenant 's fixtures ) shall become and remain the property of the Landlord notwithstanding that any of them may be affixed or installed after completion of the Lease The difficulty here is ensuring that both parties know what are tenant 's fixtures and it may be as well to include in a schedule the fixtures to which the landlord is referring .
3.10 subject as provided in clause 5.5.3 all fixtures affixed to or installed in the premises as part of the tenant 's works ( other than tenant 's fixtures ) shall become and remain the property of the landlord notwithstanding that any of them may be affixed or installed after completion of the lease the difficulty here is [making sure] that both parties know what are tenant 's fixtures and it may be as well to include in a schedule the fixtures to which the landlord is referring .

5.9.10 Within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the Premises to produce for registration with the Landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the Landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the Tenant ( within the meaning of Section 42 of the 1954 Act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] On the one hand , the tenant will wish to deal with the premises in the most cost effective manner , even if this means subletting parts and , on the other hand , the landlord will wish to exercise fairly strict control over alienation , first by ensuring that any assignee is able to pay the rents reserved by the lease and perform the tenant 's obligations under it , and second by ensuring that at the end of the term the landlord is not left with a subtenant of a small part of the premises , which could affect the value of the landlord 's interest in the whole .
5.9.10 within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the premises to produce for registration with the landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the tenant ( within the meaning of section 42 of the 1954 act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] on the one hand , the tenant will wish to deal with the premises in the most cost effective manner , even if this means subletting parts and , on the other hand , the landlord will wish to exercise fairly strict control over alienation , first by [making sure] that any assignee is able to pay the rents reserved by the lease and perform the tenant 's obligations under it , and second by [making sure] that at the end of the term the landlord is not left with a subtenant of a small part of the premises , which could affect the value of the landlord 's interest in the whole .

5.13.2 If called upon to do so to furnish to the Landlord the Surveyor or any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under any provisions for rent review contained in this Lease such information as may [ reasonably ] be requested in writing in relation to any pending or intended step under the 1954 Act or the implementation of any provisions for rent review This seems quite innocuous but an unreasonable landlord could become a nuisance and apart from ensuring that " reasonably " is included , the tenant should also begin each subclause as follows : If called upon to do so ( but not more frequently than may be reasonable )
5.13.2 if called upon to do so to furnish to the landlord the surveyor or any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under any provisions for rent review contained in this lease such information as may [ reasonably ] be requested in writing in relation to any pending or intended step under the 1954 act or the implementation of any provisions for rent review this seems quite innocuous but an unreasonable landlord could become a nuisance and apart from [making sure] that " reasonably " is included , the tenant should also begin each subclause as follows : if called upon to do so ( but not more frequently than may be reasonable )

It will therefore seek to minimise its own obligations whilst ensuring , so far as possible , that its trading partners perform theirs .
it will therefore seek to minimise its own obligations whilst [making sure] , so far as possible , that its trading partners perform theirs .

At its simplest , this may be a matter of ensuring that terminology is consistently used .
at its simplest , this may be a matter of [making sure] that terminology is consistently used .

As already noted , those objectives can be described , in broad terms , as being to minimise the obligations of the drafter 's client , whilst ensuring , so far as possible , that the client 's trading partners perform their obligations .
as already noted , those objectives can be described , in broad terms , as being to minimise the obligations of the drafter 's client , whilst [making sure] , so far as possible , that the client 's trading partners perform their obligations .

Buying goods from a reputable source is not enough as the supplier will be required to entertain elementary precautions , for example , sampling or checking the weight of the goods supplied ( s28 ( 1 ) of the Weights and Measures Act 1985 ) and ensuring that the system can cope with mistakes .
buying goods from a reputable source is not enough as the supplier will be required to entertain elementary precautions , for example , sampling or checking the weight of the goods supplied ( s28 ( 1 ) of the weights and measures act 1985 ) and [making sure] that the system can cope with mistakes .

As has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time ensuring that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .
as has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time [making sure] that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .

Those convening conferences should facilitate the attendance of parents and children by : ( i ) arranging conferences at a time convenient to parents and children as well as the professionals involved ; ( ii ) ensuring that the family are prepared for the conference by the professional worker best known to them ; ( iii ) arranging for them to meet the chair in advance ; ( iv ) ensuring that the family are briefed in advance on the issues to be raised so that they can seek advice and prepare what they have to say ; ( v ) limiting numbers to those who really need to attend ( para 6.23 ) .
those convening conferences should facilitate the attendance of parents and children by : ( i ) arranging conferences at a time convenient to parents and children as well as the professionals involved ; ( ii ) [making sure] that the family are prepared for the conference by the professional worker best known to them ; ( iii ) arranging for them to meet the chair in advance ; ( iv ) [making sure] that the family are briefed in advance on the issues to be raised so that they can seek advice and prepare what they have to say ; ( v ) limiting numbers to those who really need to attend ( para 6.23 ) .

Although they overlap with the matters discussed above , they may be characterised as having a more regulatory flavour , ensuring that the market operates according to predictable and consistent procedures , and offering a `` level playing field `` for participants .
although they overlap with the matters discussed above , they may be characterised as having a more regulatory flavour , [making sure] that the market operates according to predictable and consistent procedures , and offering a `` level playing field `` for participants .

Personal injury practitioners can only make any sort of profit at all if they achieve a realistic cash flow and this can only be obtained by ensuring that payment is made as soon as the case is settled .
personal injury practitioners can only make any sort of profit at all if they achieve a realistic cash flow and this can only be obtained by [making sure] that payment is made as soon as the case is settled .

File management systems can and should be directed to ensuring that no work is done that will not be paid for by the Legal Aid Board .
file management systems can and should be directed to [making sure] that no work is done that will not be paid for by the legal aid board .

Treatment with one of the benzimidazoles or levamisole is effective and the condition may be prevented by ensuring that birds do not run on the same ground each year .
treatment with one of the benzimidazoles or levamisole is effective and the condition may be prevented by [making sure] that birds do not run on the same ground each year .

The most important feature is the reservoir of larvae in the tissues of the cow , with subsequent milk-borne transmission ensuring that calves are exposed to infection from the first day of life .
the most important feature is the reservoir of larvae in the tissues of the cow , with subsequent milk-borne transmission [making sure] that calves are exposed to infection from the first day of life .

After 1937 the centre of power in the Party appeared to be moving towards the individual membership , but in 1939 the union leaders showed their strength in ensuring the expulsion of Sir Stafford Cripps and his supporters .
after 1937 the centre of power in the party appeared to be moving towards the individual membership , but in 1939 the union leaders showed their strength in [making sure] the expulsion of sir stafford cripps and his supporters .

One way of ensuring that a particular type of microcomputer is suitable , is to visit other schools , or school library services or teachers ' centres to find out whether a particular microcomputer will be suitable in the individual school .
one way of [making sure] that a particular type of microcomputer is suitable , is to visit other schools , or school library services or teachers ' centres to find out whether a particular microcomputer will be suitable in the individual school .

Some schools have managed to have a policy laid whereby all software which comes into the school , w ] purchased by the library or by departments , is first catalogue classified by the school librarian , thereby ensuring that a comprehensive catalogue ( available on disk and print-out ) can be maintained .
some schools have managed to have a policy laid whereby all software which comes into the school , w ] purchased by the library or by departments , is first catalogue classified by the school librarian , thereby [making sure] that a comprehensive catalogue ( available on disk and print-out ) can be maintained .

This had been a cruel blow , but it would n't stop her from ensuring that justice was done .
this had been a cruel blow , but it would n't stop her from [making sure] that justice was done .

During the entire voyage the large portions of the aircraft will be cover with Polymax film to protect them from damaging sunlight and moisture , ensuring that they arrive at their new home in pristine condition .
during the entire voyage the large portions of the aircraft will be cover with polymax film to protect them from damaging sunlight and moisture , [making sure] that they arrive at their new home in pristine condition .

Planning authorities have the positive function of ensuring that mineral deposits are not unnecessarily sterilised by surface development but are kept available for exploitation .
planning authorities have the positive function of [making sure] that mineral deposits are not unnecessarily sterilised by surface development but are kept available for exploitation .

Nevertheless , ‘ the government is firmly committed to the protection of the environment ’ though ‘ this need not be incompatible with ensuring that adequate supplies of opencast are produced ’ .
nevertheless , ‘ the government is firmly committed to the protection of the environment ’ though ‘ this need not be incompatible with [making sure] that adequate supplies of opencast are produced ’ .

Purchasers in future will be able to safeguard themselves by ensuring that permission to develop is forthcoming before they pay more than current existing-use value or , where a claim on the fund passes with the land , current existing-use value plus 1947 development value .
purchasers in future will be able to safeguard themselves by [making sure] that permission to develop is forthcoming before they pay more than current existing-use value or , where a claim on the fund passes with the land , current existing-use value plus 1947 development value .

Circular 8/81 noted that ‘ although the Community Land Act is repealed , authorities still have a valuable , though limited , role to play in ensuring that land is brought forward for private development .
circular 8/81 noted that ‘ although the community land act is repealed , authorities still have a valuable , though limited , role to play in [making sure] that land is brought forward for private development .

Children are not at increased psychiatric risk if their mother goes out to work , for instance , providing the alternative day care arrangements are of good quality , ensuring continuity of caretaking , adequate love and attention and opportunity for play and conversation .
children are not at increased psychiatric risk if their mother goes out to work , for instance , providing the alternative day care arrangements are of good quality , [making sure] continuity of caretaking , adequate love and attention and opportunity for play and conversation .

Although this technique was originally introduced to investigate the relevance of linear stability theory , it has proved a useful way of controlling flow development and ensuring that the same features are to be observed repeatedly at the same place .
although this technique was originally introduced to investigate the relevance of linear stability theory , it has proved a useful way of controlling flow development and [making sure] that the same features are to be observed repeatedly at the same place .

Gradually beat in the eggs , one at a time , ensuring that each is thoroughly mixed before adding the next one .
gradually beat in the eggs , one at a time , [making sure] that each is thoroughly mixed before adding the next one .

This is so that the flatter base becomes the top , ensuring a smoother surface to the cake .
this is so that the flatter base becomes the top , [making sure] a smoother surface to the cake .

Call it ensuring that people 's feelings were not offended .
call it [making sure] that people 's feelings were not offended .

Owen sat cursing himself . What folly ! What utter folly ! To go to the one man in the world most interested in seeing that the evidence never came out and then to put into his hands the means of ensuring that it never could come out ! How had he come to do a thing like that ?
owen sat cursing himself . what folly ! what utter folly ! to go to the one man in the world most interested in seeing that the evidence never came out and then to put into his hands the means of [making sure] that it never could come out ! how had he come to do a thing like that ?

An extensive programme of windtunnel testing at facilities such as Saint Cyr-l'Ecole permitted the careful refinement of the Clio 's design to achieve low aerodynamic lift values at both front and rear — thereby ensuring driving stability at higher speeds .
an extensive programme of windtunnel testing at facilities such as saint cyr-l'ecole permitted the careful refinement of the clio 's design to achieve low aerodynamic lift values at both front and rear — thereby [making sure] driving stability at higher speeds .

‘ Simon reckoned he 'd adored you for years and that he intended to be that boyfriend , and he 'd make it happen by ensuring the two of you were together as much as possible .
‘ simon reckoned he 'd adored you for years and that he intended to be that boyfriend , and he 'd make it happen by [making sure] the two of you were together as much as possible .

Particular attention may be needed in ensuring a good correlation with related records stored on other media .
particular attention may be needed in [making sure] a good correlation with related records stored on other media .

With all these records being generated in diverse electronic environments , who is responsible for ensuring that they are looked after adequately ?
with all these records being generated in diverse electronic environments , who is responsible for [making sure] that they are looked after adequately ?

The domain managers ’ role ends at ensuring it is a sufficiently supported initiative to allow it to start .
the domain managers ’ role ends at [making sure] it is a sufficiently supported initiative to allow it to start .

‘ guidelines and codes of practice ( perhaps eventually having legally enforceable weight ) aimed at ensuring an objectively high standard of computer reliability and security ’ ( Castell 1991 : 98 ) .
‘ guidelines and codes of practice ( perhaps eventually having legally enforceable weight ) aimed at [making sure] an objectively high standard of computer reliability and security ’ ( castell 1991 : 98 ) .

He or she will be less the guardian of a vault than an information manager ensuring that archival principles are written into automated office systems at the design stage .
he or she will be less the guardian of a vault than an information manager [making sure] that archival principles are written into automated office systems at the design stage .

The benefits of ensuring that data are preserved are well recognised .
the benefits of [making sure] that data are preserved are well recognised .

17.5 . Ensuring data are used
17.5 . [making sure] data are used

Data archives have a vital role to play in ensuring that documentation is produced which , as far as possible satisfies user requirements .
data archives have a vital role to play in [making sure] that documentation is produced which , as far as possible satisfies user requirements .

At the very least drafting of consumer contracts which avoid the types of clauses set out in the Annex will go most of the way towards ensuring that such contracts are fair within the terms of the Directive .
at the very least drafting of consumer contracts which avoid the types of clauses set out in the annex will go most of the way towards [making sure] that such contracts are fair within the terms of the directive .

It is clear that as a matter of prudent management in a firm of any size one of the partners or a senior member of staff should be given overall responsibility for ensuring that all partners and employed solicitors ( whether or not held out as partners ) comply with these basic requirements of professional practice ( by keeping a check on replacement and renewal dates , collating relevant statistical information , ensuring timeous completion and posting of applications , etc ) and that the firm is spared the embarrassment of financial penalties or , even worse , an unwanted dissolution .
it is clear that as a matter of prudent management in a firm of any size one of the partners or a senior member of staff should be given overall responsibility for [making sure] that all partners and employed solicitors ( whether or not held out as partners ) comply with these basic requirements of professional practice ( by keeping a check on replacement and renewal dates , collating relevant statistical information , [making sure] timeous completion and posting of applications , etc ) and that the firm is spared the embarrassment of financial penalties or , even worse , an unwanted dissolution .

Salaried partners Every salaried partner whose name appears on the firm 's stationery without distinction from the equity partners is a `` principal `` for the purposes of indemnity insurance whose personal responsibility for ensuring that the firm and all its members comply with the Indemnity Rules is no less than that of an equity partner .
salaried partners every salaried partner whose name appears on the firm 's stationery without distinction from the equity partners is a `` principal `` for the purposes of indemnity insurance whose personal responsibility for [making sure] that the firm and all its members comply with the indemnity rules is no less than that of an equity partner .

The Law Society also issued a set of written professional standards concerning communications with clients , with the broad aim ( now enshrined in Solicitors ' Practice Rule 15 ) of ensuring that clients are kept regularly and fully informed in layman 's terms as to the course and conduct of their affairs ; as to the identity of the solicitor or other person in the firm having day to day conduct of the matter ; as to the nature of the legal issues raised in the case ; as to the progress being made ; as to the cost ( including the availability of legal aid ) ; and as to the prospects of success .
the law society also issued a set of written professional standards concerning communications with clients , with the broad aim ( now enshrined in solicitors ' practice rule 15 ) of [making sure] that clients are kept regularly and fully informed in layman 's terms as to the course and conduct of their affairs ; as to the identity of the solicitor or other person in the firm having day to day conduct of the matter ; as to the nature of the legal issues raised in the case ; as to the progress being made ; as to the cost ( including the availability of legal aid ) ; and as to the prospects of success .

Someone ( logically the senior partner ) should take personal responsibility for ensuring that this aspect of the life of the firm is kept under constant review .
someone ( logically the senior partner ) should take personal responsibility for [making sure] that this aspect of the life of the firm is kept under constant review .

As to administrative matters , in most firms it would be appropriate to delegate responsibility to one of the partners ( or a committee ) for ensuring that every member of the firm complies with the rules .
as to administrative matters , in most firms it would be appropriate to delegate responsibility to one of the partners ( or a committee ) for [making sure] that every member of the firm complies with the rules .

It is almost impossible to devise a method of ensuring that all the firms involved obtain an equal share of the cake .
it is almost impossible to devise a method of [making sure] that all the firms involved obtain an equal share of the cake .

Wherever possible , the better course would seem to be to make the switch from paying outgoing partners for goodwill to ensuring that all partners make proper retirement plan contributions ( Clause 14.02 ) .
wherever possible , the better course would seem to be to make the switch from paying outgoing partners for goodwill to [making sure] that all partners make proper retirement plan contributions ( clause 14.02 ) .

There needs to be some method of ensuring that interest compensates for delay after this date .
there needs to be some method of [making sure] that interest compensates for delay after this date .

Some expert clauses seek to make the appointing authority ( or its president ) responsible for ensuring the expert has suitable qualifications .
some expert clauses seek to make the appointing authority ( or its president ) responsible for [making sure] the expert has suitable qualifications .

11.4.1 Ensuring the right basis
11.4.1 [making sure] the right basis

Though the management team is central , it is likely ( particularly in a large transaction ) that the equity provider or venture capitalist will play the most critical role in ensuring that the buy-out reaches fruition .
though the management team is central , it is likely ( particularly in a large transaction ) that the equity provider or venture capitalist will play the most critical role in [making sure] that the buy-out reaches fruition .

In such a situation the agreement should allow for the introduction of new investors with a view to ensuring that the warranties and undertakings given , and restrictions imposed , for the benefit of the initial investor apply also for the benefit of the new investors .
in such a situation the agreement should allow for the introduction of new investors with a view to [making sure] that the warranties and undertakings given , and restrictions imposed , for the benefit of the initial investor apply also for the benefit of the new investors .

This is an additional cost for one or more of the parties and is in itself a reason for ensuring that disputes are resolved wherever possible before referring to a third party for resolution .
this is an additional cost for one or more of the parties and is in itself a reason for [making sure] that disputes are resolved wherever possible before referring to a third party for resolution .

The duty of care , provided under Section 34 of the 1990 Environmental Protection Act , makes all businesses responsible for ensuring that their waste is disposed of properly , by passing it on to authorized waste collectors .
the duty of care , provided under section 34 of the 1990 environmental protection act , makes all businesses responsible for [making sure] that their waste is disposed of properly , by passing it on to authorized waste collectors .

Under a series of waste disposal laws which came into force on April 1 , companies are responsible for ensuring that any waste they produce or handle is not `` treated , kept or disposed of … in a manner likely to cause pollution of the environment or harm to human health `` .
under a series of waste disposal laws which came into force on april 1 , companies are responsible for [making sure] that any waste they produce or handle is not `` treated , kept or disposed of … in a manner likely to cause pollution of the environment or harm to human health `` .

SeaWatch director Sven Hansen says that recent international agreements to reduce pollution mean that it is particularly important to set up a system capable of ensuring standards are being met .
seawatch director sven hansen says that recent international agreements to reduce pollution mean that it is particularly important to set up a system capable of [making sure] standards are being met .

They were : using only heat , lights and appliances that are needed ; lagging the hot water tank ; lagging hot water pipes ; using low-energy light bulbs ; adding a thermostat , thermostatic radiator valves and a timer programmer to heating systems ; fitting draught-proofing to windows and doors ; ensuring that loft insulation is at least 150 mm thick ; installing plastic secondary double glazing ; if relevant , seeking advice on cavity wall insulation ; and , if relevant , fitting an energy-efficient gas-condensing boiler .
they were : using only heat , lights and appliances that are needed ; lagging the hot water tank ; lagging hot water pipes ; using low-energy light bulbs ; adding a thermostat , thermostatic radiator valves and a timer programmer to heating systems ; fitting draught-proofing to windows and doors ; [making sure] that loft insulation is at least 150 mm thick ; installing plastic secondary double glazing ; if relevant , seeking advice on cavity wall insulation ; and , if relevant , fitting an energy-efficient gas-condensing boiler .

Bank staff appeared more interested in meeting lending targets than in ensuring successful implementation , it suggested .
bank staff appeared more interested in meeting lending targets than in [making sure] successful implementation , it suggested .

The Labour party had been created for the purpose of ensuring working-class representation in Parliament , and from 1906 onward class became a significant influence in voting behavior .
the labour party had been created for the purpose of [making sure] working-class representation in parliament , and from 1906 onward class became a significant influence in voting behavior .

The ability of a prime minister effectively to call a general election has been regarded by some writers as the most important weapon in ensuring parliamentary support .
the ability of a prime minister effectively to call a general election has been regarded by some writers as the most important weapon in [making sure] parliamentary support .

The party leaders will make regular and well-publicized appearances throughout the country , ensuring that the national press and television reporters follow in their wake as well as holding daily press conferences .
the party leaders will make regular and well-publicized appearances throughout the country , [making sure] that the national press and television reporters follow in their wake as well as holding daily press conferences .

Jane Craven and staff of Whiterock College of Further Education were especially helpful in arranging creche provision and ensuring the conference ran well on the day .
jane craven and staff of whiterock college of further education were especially helpful in arranging creche provision and [making sure] the conference ran well on the day .

We try to run a commercially oriented operation , but the profit is purely a method of ensuring that we can continue in existence for many years to come .
we try to run a commercially oriented operation , but the profit is purely a method of [making sure] that we can continue in existence for many years to come .

Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for her/himself and family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .
everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration [making sure] for her/himself and family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .

It was a regrettable side-effect of such disputes that the `` general public `` suffered — villagers might see their homes and livelihoods destroyed , they might be hurt or occasionally even killed , but how else was their lord to be brought to reason or to arbitration except by ensuring that he could not collect his rents ?
it was a regrettable side-effect of such disputes that the `` general public `` suffered — villagers might see their homes and livelihoods destroyed , they might be hurt or occasionally even killed , but how else was their lord to be brought to reason or to arbitration except by [making sure] that he could not collect his rents ?

Wealth did not make him lavish , however ; he had always been careful about money — indeed , he was economical in all areas of life , even in small matters such as ensuring that all the tea in a tea-pot had actually been drunk — and Joseph Chiari has remembered how he kept a regular account of his expenses in a pocket notebook .
wealth did not make him lavish , however ; he had always been careful about money — indeed , he was economical in all areas of life , even in small matters such as [making sure] that all the tea in a tea-pot had actually been drunk — and joseph chiari has remembered how he kept a regular account of his expenses in a pocket notebook .

Enormous emphasis comes to be placed on developing major new technologies and products — as the means of ensuring a company 's future , of developing new markets , and of achieving high profit levels .
enormous emphasis comes to be placed on developing major new technologies and products — as the means of [making sure] a company 's future , of developing new markets , and of achieving high profit levels .

Under such treaties a State , or group of States , puts its authority and weight behind ensuring a certain state of affairs enshrined in the treaty .
under such treaties a state , or group of states , puts its authority and weight behind [making sure] a certain state of affairs enshrined in the treaty .

These arrangements do not always fit within the formal treaty rules , but can provide a practical means of ensuring that the rigidities of the pacta tertiis rule do not impede its performance .
these arrangements do not always fit within the formal treaty rules , but can provide a practical means of [making sure] that the rigidities of the pacta tertiis rule do not impede its performance .

Scurrying about with jugs of ale , the twins — Martha and Ann — took advantage of the new turn-about in political matters by ensuring that the customers ' voices were well lubricated .
scurrying about with jugs of ale , the twins — martha and ann — took advantage of the new turn-about in political matters by [making sure] that the customers ' voices were well lubricated .

The first was simply obtaining suitable material … The second was having the material produced … The third was ensuring that whatever equipment was required was at the right place — and would work .
the first was simply obtaining suitable material … the second was having the material produced … the third was [making sure] that whatever equipment was required was at the right place — and would work .

This policy has undoubtedly lowered the standards of library provision … Providing a library for a College which has never had one before is a simple professional task but ensuring that the library becomes an integral part of the College educational structure is another matter … This is the significance of the term `` Tutor `` as distinct from administrator — a librarian who is actively engaged in seeking to encourage others to use books for pleasure and profit .
this policy has undoubtedly lowered the standards of library provision … providing a library for a college which has never had one before is a simple professional task but [making sure] that the library becomes an integral part of the college educational structure is another matter … this is the significance of the term `` tutor `` as distinct from administrator — a librarian who is actively engaged in seeking to encourage others to use books for pleasure and profit .

Administration is ensuring that Gary and Tim get back-up supplies , are advised of scheduling changes and get paid on time .
administration is [making sure] that gary and tim get back-up supplies , are advised of scheduling changes and get paid on time .

The Profitboss always tries to develop a relationship of mutual trust and respect with union representatives , ensuring that the best interests of the people are clearly understood and honestly represented .
the profitboss always tries to develop a relationship of mutual trust and respect with union representatives , [making sure] that the best interests of the people are clearly understood and honestly represented .

He prepares very thoroughly , polishing the presentation time and time again , ensuring that his speech will fit the allotted time ( there 's nothing worse than speakers who overrun ) .
he prepares very thoroughly , polishing the presentation time and time again , [making sure] that his speech will fit the allotted time ( there 's nothing worse than speakers who overrun ) .

He 's got a flair ( not a formula ) for knowing what his customers want and ensuring that they get it .
he 's got a flair ( not a formula ) for knowing what his customers want and [making sure] that they get it .

Unanimity was less marked in the scramble for office after Asquith 's departure ; `` the three Cs `` , Curzon , Chamberlain and Cecil , managed to keep official party interests to the fore by ensuring that Curzon rather than Carson should join the war cabinet — disloyalty might be useful but it should not be seen to pay .
unanimity was less marked in the scramble for office after asquith 's departure ; `` the three cs `` , curzon , chamberlain and cecil , managed to keep official party interests to the fore by [making sure] that curzon rather than carson should join the war cabinet — disloyalty might be useful but it should not be seen to pay .

Indeed , the whole period is marked by a series of attempts to define what specific kinds of leadership qualities would be needed to maintain the overseas empire as well as ensuring secure government at home .
indeed , the whole period is marked by a series of attempts to define what specific kinds of leadership qualities would be needed to maintain the overseas empire as well as [making sure] secure government at home .

The report goes on to claim that the people could only be taught `` thrift and prudence `` by men who would actually associate with them , thereby ensuring that the influence of `` the imperishable youth of Oxford `` would `` induce them to face the elementary laws of economics . ``
the report goes on to claim that the people could only be taught `` thrift and prudence `` by men who would actually associate with them , thereby [making sure] that the influence of `` the imperishable youth of oxford `` would `` induce them to face the elementary laws of economics . ``

But when it comes to ensuring that public bodies act reasonably and within their powers , it is often felt to be much less clear how the law ought to be enforced .
but when it comes to [making sure] that public bodies act reasonably and within their powers , it is often felt to be much less clear how the law ought to be enforced .

It might be argued that the courts have a role to play in ensuring that groups which have been unfairly denied access to the policy-making arena or who have a genuine complaint about how that process was conducted , should be allowed to challenge the outcome of that process in the courts .
it might be argued that the courts have a role to play in [making sure] that groups which have been unfairly denied access to the policy-making arena or who have a genuine complaint about how that process was conducted , should be allowed to challenge the outcome of that process in the courts .

Since the claim arose out of government secrecy and since , in a free society , the press play an important role in ensuring the free flow of information , a journalist was arguably a particularly appropriate representative of the public interest .
since the claim arose out of government secrecy and since , in a free society , the press play an important role in [making sure] the free flow of information , a journalist was arguably a particularly appropriate representative of the public interest .

the reform of judicial and penal systems so that only criminals are sent to prison , and ensuring that while they are there , their basic human rights are strictly respected ; and
the reform of judicial and penal systems so that only criminals are sent to prison , and [making sure] that while they are there , their basic human rights are strictly respected ; and

Entertainment is selected with care , ensuring that it is appropriate to the lifestyle and values of the community .
entertainment is selected with care , [making sure] that it is appropriate to the lifestyle and values of the community .

As we have seen the legal model adopts two mechanisms for ensuring that the directors of the company are subject to the control of the shareholders .
as we have seen the legal model adopts two mechanisms for [making sure] that the directors of the company are subject to the control of the shareholders .

How effective is this constitutional structure of the company in ensuring that directors do not use their powers arbitrarily ?
how effective is this constitutional structure of the company in [making sure] that directors do not use their powers arbitrarily ?

As Chief Secretary of the Treasury from November 1990 he is said to have been crucial in ensuring a record settlement for the Arts Council for 1992/93 .
as chief secretary of the treasury from november 1990 he is said to have been crucial in [making sure] a record settlement for the arts council for 1992/93 .

As heir to the droit morale and guardian of the Magritte estate , Charly Herscovici explained that ‘ Inheriting this intellectual property makes me responsible for protecting the artist and his work , and ensuring that it is handed down for posterity .
as heir to the droit morale and guardian of the magritte estate , charly herscovici explained that ‘ inheriting this intellectual property makes me responsible for protecting the artist and his work , and [making sure] that it is handed down for posterity .

Dowel holes in the stone , associated architectural slabs and the physical evidence of the slabs themselves were all considered in ensuring that the final display should be as close to the original narrative sequence of the battle between Greeks and Amazons and Lapiths and Centaurs as possible .
dowel holes in the stone , associated architectural slabs and the physical evidence of the slabs themselves were all considered in [making sure] that the final display should be as close to the original narrative sequence of the battle between greeks and amazons and lapiths and centaurs as possible .

Participants at the seminar also agreed that a communication policy should strengthen the national culture and the unity of the country as well as ensuring the freedom of the press .
participants at the seminar also agreed that a communication policy should strengthen the national culture and the unity of the country as well as [making sure] the freedom of the press .

Following its independence from South Africa in March 1990 , Namibia established a Ministry of Information and Broadcasting with the aim of ensuring that the country 's media ‘ are free and able to fulfil their traditional roles of public enlightenment , education and entertainment , and also to imbue the Namibian people with a goal that reflects their aspirations towards the building of a healthy democracy ’ .
following its independence from south africa in march 1990 , namibia established a ministry of information and broadcasting with the aim of [making sure] that the country 's media ‘ are free and able to fulfil their traditional roles of public enlightenment , education and entertainment , and also to imbue the namibian people with a goal that reflects their aspirations towards the building of a healthy democracy ’ .

Keeping this in view , and yet ensuring the freedom of the press , the Government considered it appropriate to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .
keeping this in view , and yet [making sure] the freedom of the press , the government considered it appropriate to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .

Participants at the seminar also agreed that a communication policy should strengthen the national culture and the unity of the country as well as ensuring the freedom of the press .
participants at the seminar also agreed that a communication policy should strengthen the national culture and the unity of the country as well as [making sure] the freedom of the press .

Following its independence from South Africa in March 1990 , Namibia established a Ministry of Information and Broadcasting with the aim of ensuring that the country 's media ‘ are free and able to fulfil their traditional roles of public enlightenment , education and entertainment , and also to imbue the Namibian people with a goal that reflects their aspirations towards the building of a healthy democracy ’ .
following its independence from south africa in march 1990 , namibia established a ministry of information and broadcasting with the aim of [making sure] that the country 's media ‘ are free and able to fulfil their traditional roles of public enlightenment , education and entertainment , and also to imbue the namibian people with a goal that reflects their aspirations towards the building of a healthy democracy ’ .

Keeping this in view , and yet ensuring the freedom of the press , the Government considered it appropriate to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .
keeping this in view , and yet [making sure] the freedom of the press , the government considered it appropriate to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .

It supports the publicity for important activities and launches and provides the day-to-day contact which is so essential in ensuring that the organisation and its activities , services and products receive a steady stream of coverage throughout the year .
it supports the publicity for important activities and launches and provides the day-to-day contact which is so essential in [making sure] that the organisation and its activities , services and products receive a steady stream of coverage throughout the year .

It is used to tighten ( or beat ) the threads of the weft against the line of knots tied around the warp strings , ensuring the compactness of the rug .
it is used to tighten ( or beat ) the threads of the weft against the line of knots tied around the warp strings , [making sure] the compactness of the rug .

The angular nature of most patterns allows the warp strands to be over-lapped by two or more sections of the wefted pattern , ensuring that the rug is bonded firmly across the width .
the angular nature of most patterns allows the warp strands to be over-lapped by two or more sections of the wefted pattern , [making sure] that the rug is bonded firmly across the width .

Choosing the correct size is not as simple as merely ensuring that the rug fits into the appropriate space .
choosing the correct size is not as simple as merely [making sure] that the rug fits into the appropriate space .

An orthodox Muslim is expected to pray 5 times a day on a `` clean spot `` facing the holy city of Mecca , and a special rug is an extremely convenient way of ensuring that this directive is obeyed .
an orthodox muslim is expected to pray 5 times a day on a `` clean spot `` facing the holy city of mecca , and a special rug is an extremely convenient way of [making sure] that this directive is obeyed .

The latter is less efficient in producing a water supply , leading to more consumption than otherwise , but it may be a relatively efficient way of ensuring an equal chance of access to it .
the latter is less efficient in producing a water supply , leading to more consumption than otherwise , but it may be a relatively efficient way of [making sure] an equal chance of access to it .

His aim was thus to keep the Herbert hegemony intact , while ensuring that it continued to be used in the royal interest .
his aim was thus to keep the herbert hegemony intact , while [making sure] that it continued to be used in the royal interest .

, and although they always placed such recommendations in the context of ensuring that everyone , through improved wages and benefits , would live at least at a ‘ national minimum of civilized life ’ , the ‘ official interference ’ implied by their proposals was disliked as much by working people who would experience it , as by the Liberal bourgeoisie who were hostile to the principle .
, and although they always placed such recommendations in the context of [making sure] that everyone , through improved wages and benefits , would live at least at a ‘ national minimum of civilized life ’ , the ‘ official interference ’ implied by their proposals was disliked as much by working people who would experience it , as by the liberal bourgeoisie who were hostile to the principle .

in the weekly budget of the poor , the inconvenience to , and lack of enthusiasm for the scheme of , employers and the absence of any machinery for ensuring that all workers earning under £150 p.a .
in the weekly budget of the poor , the inconvenience to , and lack of enthusiasm for the scheme of , employers and the absence of any machinery for [making sure] that all workers earning under £150 p.a .

‘ arrangements for ensuring , so far as is reasonably practicable , safety and absence of risks to health in connection with the use , handling , storage and transport of articles and substances . ’
‘ arrangements for [making sure] , so far as is reasonably practicable , safety and absence of risks to health in connection with the use , handling , storage and transport of articles and substances . ’

Who is responsible for ensuring rear seat passengers wear their seat belts ?
who is responsible for [making sure] rear seat passengers wear their seat belts ?

Nurses involved in infertility treatment have an important role in ensuring counselling is provided for couples about potential childlessness , either individually , in groups or linked to self-help groups such as the National Association for the Childless .
nurses involved in infertility treatment have an important role in [making sure] counselling is provided for couples about potential childlessness , either individually , in groups or linked to self-help groups such as the national association for the childless .

difficulties ensuring discipline , either because of uncertainties over parental status or power struggles in a remarriage where the partner adopts the child .
difficulties [making sure] discipline , either because of uncertainties over parental status or power struggles in a remarriage where the partner adopts the child .

This is promoted by ensuring that executives keep in touch with the firm 's business .
this is promoted by [making sure] that executives keep in touch with the firm 's business .

The continued liberty of the subject demands vigilance on the part of the judges in ensuring that no trial on a criminal charge , or appeal , bears any trace of being biased towards an outcome which the Government wants to see .
the continued liberty of the subject demands vigilance on the part of the judges in [making sure] that no trial on a criminal charge , or appeal , bears any trace of being biased towards an outcome which the government wants to see .

… the right framework for placing the management of the service on a more professional footing , providing the most positive environment for staff to work in and , above all , ensuring the delivery of an improved service both to the public and those held in custody .
… the right framework for placing the management of the service on a more professional footing , providing the most positive environment for staff to work in and , above all , [making sure] the delivery of an improved service both to the public and those held in custody .

Perhaps the difficulties of finding suitable work for offenders , and ensuring that tasks were properly performed , were underestimated in the enthusiasm of the initial response .
perhaps the difficulties of finding suitable work for offenders , and [making sure] that tasks were properly performed , were underestimated in the enthusiasm of the initial response .

While ensuring adequate ventilation through their permeability both fleece and related polypropylene fibre black mulch materials allow any rainfall , watering or liquid feed to pass directly to the plant and root system avoiding the water shedding problems experienced with most plastic covers , mulches and conventional cloche systems .
while [making sure] adequate ventilation through their permeability both fleece and related polypropylene fibre black mulch materials allow any rainfall , watering or liquid feed to pass directly to the plant and root system avoiding the water shedding problems experienced with most plastic covers , mulches and conventional cloche systems .

The perceived need to create an internal market and eschew licensing is also strong when there are concerns about ensuring the reliability and quality of the product .
the perceived need to create an internal market and eschew licensing is also strong when there are concerns about [making sure] the reliability and quality of the product .

Among developing countries , the difficulties of reconciling economic and social policies , and of ensuring adequate co-ordination among departments , is immense .
among developing countries , the difficulties of reconciling economic and social policies , and of [making sure] adequate co-ordination among departments , is immense .

Although built on customs and habits , institutions were nevertheless the repositories of ideas of the common good ; the challenge was to avoid institutional sclerosis by ensuring that they continued to meet contemporary needs .
although built on customs and habits , institutions were nevertheless the repositories of ideas of the common good ; the challenge was to avoid institutional sclerosis by [making sure] that they continued to meet contemporary needs .

If the growth of administrative adjudication could not be prohibited , it was argued that it must be regularized by integrating it into the ordinary law of the land , thereby ensuring that it develops in harmony with traditional common law principles .
if the growth of administrative adjudication could not be prohibited , it was argued that it must be regularized by integrating it into the ordinary law of the land , thereby [making sure] that it develops in harmony with traditional common law principles .

The growth and international expansion of the hotel and catering industry has been phenomenal during the past decade , ensuring a constant demand for trained and skilled staff and providing ample opportunity for those who are temperamentally suited to the industry .
the growth and international expansion of the hotel and catering industry has been phenomenal during the past decade , [making sure] a constant demand for trained and skilled staff and providing ample opportunity for those who are temperamentally suited to the industry .

Ensuring that patients participating in drug trials give fully informed consent will need careful handling .
[making sure] that patients participating in drug trials give fully informed consent will need careful handling .

Ensuring informed patient consent to release of information to third parties is obtained is important for service research .
[making sure] informed patient consent to release of information to third parties is obtained is important for service research .

Ensuring that non-elected officials conform to the wishes of their elected superiors presents difficulties in all democratic systems of government .
[making sure] that non-elected officials conform to the wishes of their elected superiors presents difficulties in all democratic systems of government .

Rather than checking the power of the State , the Church thus augmented it , ensuring only that the Tsar would launch no wholesale attack on monastic property .
rather than checking the power of the state , the church thus augmented it , [making sure] only that the tsar would launch no wholesale attack on monastic property .

Yet far from ensuring loyalty to the status quo , their elevated position made students receptive to radical ideas .
yet far from [making sure] loyalty to the status quo , their elevated position made students receptive to radical ideas .

These two studies of the teaching of the project have been important in ensuring that the core elements of both projects were covered and have provided important additional information on the practicalities of teaching the projects and variability in actual classroom use .
these two studies of the teaching of the project have been important in [making sure] that the core elements of both projects were covered and have provided important additional information on the practicalities of teaching the projects and variability in actual classroom use .

The problem of ensuring that teaching receives equal weighting with research and administration is not unique to medicine .
the problem of [making sure] that teaching receives equal weighting with research and administration is not unique to medicine .

In ensuring equality of treatment between different sites ?
in [making sure] equality of treatment between different sites ?

Ensuring that there are trained people available to listen and to provide practical help , including help with stress management and job hunting , is critically important .
[making sure] that there are trained people available to listen and to provide practical help , including help with stress management and job hunting , is critically important .

an archive system ensuring the secure storage of all documents processed by the system
an archive system [making sure] the secure storage of all documents processed by the system

ensuring that they are readable
[making sure] that they are readable

Classroom development is the only way we know of ensuring that this condition has been met .
classroom development is the only way we know of [making sure] that this condition has been met .

As we shall see in 6.3 , the interrupt facility can be expanded to switch instruction sequences on the occurrence of many different events ; further we will see the need for a means of ensuring that at critical times the computer is able to ignore all but a subset of these events .
as we shall see in 6.3 , the interrupt facility can be expanded to switch instruction sequences on the occurrence of many different events ; further we will see the need for a means of [making sure] that at critical times the computer is able to ignore all but a subset of these events .

The second is to look at the process used for introducing and developing projects in the classroom and ensuring that this follows a well-defined plan .
the second is to look at the process used for introducing and developing projects in the classroom and [making sure] that this follows a well-defined plan .

One of the policies proposed to reduce the large number of people looking for work and thus to reduce the level of unemployment , consists of ensuring that fewer women from the secondary population enter the labour market .
one of the policies proposed to reduce the large number of people looking for work and thus to reduce the level of unemployment , consists of [making sure] that fewer women from the secondary population enter the labour market .

During the United Nations International Women 's Year in 1975 , the Salvadorean government spent more time and much more money on ensuring that the Miss Universe beauty contest went off without a hitch , than on debating the issues of discrimination against women .
during the united nations international women 's year in 1975 , the salvadorean government spent more time and much more money on [making sure] that the miss universe beauty contest went off without a hitch , than on debating the issues of discrimination against women .

Often these amendments are tabled by the Government and so there is no problem in ensuring that the Commons will approve them .
often these amendments are tabled by the government and so there is no problem in [making sure] that the commons will approve them .

One difficulty in ensuring adequate scrutiny of delegated legislation is that not all delegated legislation need be published .
one difficulty in [making sure] adequate scrutiny of delegated legislation is that not all delegated legislation need be published .

One method of ensuring fair treatment by the police during interviews is to record these .
one method of [making sure] fair treatment by the police during interviews is to record these .

Under this section , the police authority and not the chief officer of police , has the responsibility for ensuring the complaint is investigated .
under this section , the police authority and not the chief officer of police , has the responsibility for [making sure] the complaint is investigated .

These movements are preprogrammed `` ballistic `` responses whose velocities are determined by the anticipated distance of travel , ensuring that the eye arrives at the right place after a fixed period of time .
these movements are preprogrammed `` ballistic `` responses whose velocities are determined by the anticipated distance of travel , [making sure] that the eye arrives at the right place after a fixed period of time .

Every day he went out with his scribe in his boat and stayed for an hour in each of the twelve provinces of hid kingdom , ensuring that all was well .
every day he went out with his scribe in his boat and stayed for an hour in each of the twelve provinces of hid kingdom , [making sure] that all was well .

The ward sister co-ordinates all these functions , ensuring the ward has adequate supplies and drawing together the particular team members required to help an individual patient .
the ward sister co-ordinates all these functions , [making sure] the ward has adequate supplies and drawing together the particular team members required to help an individual patient .

ensuring hair , nails and umbilicus are clean carrying out any specific skin preparation requested ( e.g. painting skin with antiseptic lotion ) .
[making sure] hair , nails and umbilicus are clean carrying out any specific skin preparation requested ( e.g. painting skin with antiseptic lotion ) .

Ensuring that the correct operation is carried out for each patient .
[making sure] that the correct operation is carried out for each patient .

The role of the nurse involves ensuring the patient 's safety while he regains independence and adapts to change in functioning or lifestyle , e.g .
the role of the nurse involves [making sure] the patient 's safety while he regains independence and adapts to change in functioning or lifestyle , e.g .

Pain experienced by the patient should be assessed regularly and analgesia given as appropriate , in particular prior to physiotherapy so that the patient feels comfortable enough to cough and breathe deeply , thus ensuring the maximum effect from physiotherapy .
pain experienced by the patient should be assessed regularly and analgesia given as appropriate , in particular prior to physiotherapy so that the patient feels comfortable enough to cough and breathe deeply , thus [making sure] the maximum effect from physiotherapy .

In the healthy person , there is normally a balance between activity and rest , ensuring that the individual has enough energy for daily life .
in the healthy person , there is normally a balance between activity and rest , [making sure] that the individual has enough energy for daily life .

4 If the ward nurse is satisfied with the patient 's condition she accepts him back into her care and escorts him quietly back to the ward ensuring his safety by maintaining the airway and close observation .
4 if the ward nurse is satisfied with the patient 's condition she accepts him back into her care and escorts him quietly back to the ward [making sure] his safety by maintaining the airway and close observation .

This team will contain representatives from Education and Industry responsible for : — coordinating Compact activities in the Schools and Industries ; — ensuring that high standards are maintained ; — establishing appropriate record-keeping and evaluation procedures .
this team will contain representatives from education and industry responsible for : — coordinating compact activities in the schools and industries ; — [making sure] that high standards are maintained ; — establishing appropriate record-keeping and evaluation procedures .

The Delivery Team will be responsible for ensuring that information about the Compact permeates the whole community through regular newsletters and press releases , as well as through public meetings .
the delivery team will be responsible for [making sure] that information about the compact permeates the whole community through regular newsletters and press releases , as well as through public meetings .

Project Leaders are responsible for co-ordinating the Compact and ensuring that the schools ' needs are met .
project leaders are responsible for co-ordinating the compact and [making sure] that the schools ' needs are met .

— Employers are responsible for ensuring that their business gives every opportunity to young people to learn about the world of work and to improve their motivation and the achievement of their goals .
— employers are responsible for [making sure] that their business gives every opportunity to young people to learn about the world of work and to improve their motivation and the achievement of their goals .

Compact schools are particularly well placed for ensuring that the demands of the National Curriculum will be appropriately fulfilled .
compact schools are particularly well placed for [making sure] that the demands of the national curriculum will be appropriately fulfilled .

Second , the role of the Careers Officer will be important in ensuring that Compact vacancies are properly communicated to young people , and in monitoring Compact jobs to ensure that they offer employed status , quality training and career progression .
second , the role of the careers officer will be important in [making sure] that compact vacancies are properly communicated to young people , and in monitoring compact jobs to ensure that they offer employed status , quality training and career progression .

10 . Who is responsible for ensuring Equality of Opportunity through Compact ?
10 . who is responsible for [making sure] equality of opportunity through compact ?

The education authority is of course responsible for promoting equality of opportunity and ensuring that its equal opportunities policies are enhanced through Compact .
the education authority is of course responsible for promoting equality of opportunity and [making sure] that its equal opportunities policies are enhanced through compact .

Compact schools are particularly well placed for ensuring that the demands of the National Curriculum will be appropriately fulfilled .
compact schools are particularly well placed for [making sure] that the demands of the national curriculum will be appropriately fulfilled .

, are the best way of ensuring that employers value the skills and aptitudes of young people regardless of gender , race or disability .
, are the best way of [making sure] that employers value the skills and aptitudes of young people regardless of gender , race or disability .

Influencing the attitudes of staff working in the local careers advice service by ensuring that they are provided with up-to-date information of developments in nursing and someone from whom they can seek assistance .
influencing the attitudes of staff working in the local careers advice service by [making sure] that they are provided with up-to-date information of developments in nursing and someone from whom they can seek assistance .

Managers should be preoccupied not with eliminating the overlap period but with ensuring that the period allowed is adequate and properly utilised .
managers should be preoccupied not with eliminating the overlap period but with [making sure] that the period allowed is adequate and properly utilised .

The Franco-German joint statement speaks of democratic legitimation of the union , making Europe 's institutions more efficient , ensuring unity and coherence in every sphere and implementing a common foreign and security policy .
the franco-german joint statement speaks of democratic legitimation of the union , making europe 's institutions more efficient , [making sure] unity and coherence in every sphere and implementing a common foreign and security policy .

The most elementary division is between those who concentrate on the representative function of a councillor by looking after the interests of individual constituents and those who prefer the managerial function of determining policy and ensuring its implementation .
the most elementary division is between those who concentrate on the representative function of a councillor by looking after the interests of individual constituents and those who prefer the managerial function of determining policy and [making sure] its implementation .

This may be correct , but it would be misleading not to give full recognition to the fact that the priority was the occupation of Japan and ensuring that the Soviet Union was not directly involved in the administration of Japan .
this may be correct , but it would be misleading not to give full recognition to the fact that the priority was the occupation of japan and [making sure] that the soviet union was not directly involved in the administration of japan .

‘ So when it comes to paying the academic and administrative core staff of the college , when it comes to heating and lighting the buildings , ensuring their safety , maintaining the basic fabric of the place , it is the Universities Funding Council block grant which is the only money available to cover these costs .
‘ so when it comes to paying the academic and administrative core staff of the college , when it comes to heating and lighting the buildings , [making sure] their safety , maintaining the basic fabric of the place , it is the universities funding council block grant which is the only money available to cover these costs .

Foreign policy becomes less to do with ensuring the survival of the state , and more to do with managing an environment composed of newly politicized areas and a variety of actors .
foreign policy becomes less to do with [making sure] the survival of the state , and more to do with managing an environment composed of newly politicized areas and a variety of actors .

The Pluralist concern with management is , for the Structuralist , simply another means of ensuring the continued dominance of the rich .
the pluralist concern with management is , for the structuralist , simply another means of [making sure] the continued dominance of the rich .

ensuring children wash their hands after playing with pets .
[making sure] children wash their hands after playing with pets .

But Rome , separated from Ireland by a continent in upheaval , had little means of implementing her decrees or ensuring their enforcement .
but rome , separated from ireland by a continent in upheaval , had little means of implementing her decrees or [making sure] their enforcement .

Ensuring that services providers make support for informal carers a high priority .
[making sure] that services providers make support for informal carers a high priority .

Yet even if a shareholder were able to bring a derivative action under one of the exceptions to the rule in Foss v. Harbottle , the practical difficulties of ensuring that proceedings are actually commenced would be very considerable .
yet even if a shareholder were able to bring a derivative action under one of the exceptions to the rule in foss v. harbottle , the practical difficulties of [making sure] that proceedings are actually commenced would be very considerable .

In the wake of the Wall Street Crash Congress enacted a plethora of legislation aimed at ensuring fair and orderly markets .
in the wake of the wall street crash congress enacted a plethora of legislation aimed at [making sure] fair and orderly markets .

The Mansi family owners take great pride in ensuring guests have a memorable stay .
the mansi family owners take great pride in [making sure] guests have a memorable stay .

Ever since the opening of this exclusive holiday complex in 1970 , Citalia has enjoyed a very special relationship with the Forte Hotel Village , ensuring that now , over 20 years on , no other tour operator has the same knowledge and experience of the Village as we do .
ever since the opening of this exclusive holiday complex in 1970 , citalia has enjoyed a very special relationship with the forte hotel village , [making sure] that now , over 20 years on , no other tour operator has the same knowledge and experience of the village as we do .

Local incentive schemes are the most likely way of getting general practitioners to change prescribing habits by ensuring that they see the benefits retained in local health care .
local incentive schemes are the most likely way of getting general practitioners to change prescribing habits by [making sure] that they see the benefits retained in local health care .

Delivering improved primary care to Londoners will depend on the skills of primary health care practitioners from a range of disciplines and on their ability to work together . Ensuring that these capacities relate to the health needs of particular practice populations could involve :
delivering improved primary care to londoners will depend on the skills of primary health care practitioners from a range of disciplines and on their ability to work together . [making sure] that these capacities relate to the health needs of particular practice populations could involve :

In such a situation the skilled care of social workers is crucial to ensuring that an unwanted by-product of success for some children is not the total destruction of self-esteem for others .
in such a situation the skilled care of social workers is crucial to [making sure] that an unwanted by-product of success for some children is not the total destruction of self-esteem for others .

Late summer , which is the silly season for us general builders , with lots of odd decorating work , is the best time for repairs : before the summer sun has dried and shrunk the wood , ensuring good tight joints .
late summer , which is the silly season for us general builders , with lots of odd decorating work , is the best time for repairs : before the summer sun has dried and shrunk the wood , [making sure] good tight joints .

Countries no longer have to decide the rate of exchange at which currencies should be pegged , or the responsibility for ensuring that par values are maintained at agreed values .
countries no longer have to decide the rate of exchange at which currencies should be pegged , or the responsibility for [making sure] that par values are maintained at agreed values .

It was based on the number of dependent children in the family and was provided largely because it was found difficult to recruit men without ensuring some financial security for their families .
it was based on the number of dependent children in the family and was provided largely because it was found difficult to recruit men without [making sure] some financial security for their families .

This chance can be reduced by arranging the line of the ropes to avoid sharp flakes and vice-like cracks , ensuring the anchor slings are long enough to prevent jamming against the rock , and finally by the first person down testing that the ropes are running freely through the anchors before the others abseil .
this chance can be reduced by arranging the line of the ropes to avoid sharp flakes and vice-like cracks , [making sure] the anchor slings are long enough to prevent jamming against the rock , and finally by the first person down testing that the ropes are running freely through the anchors before the others abseil .

The trust has said savings can be made by ensuring nurses are not doing jobs for which they are overqualified .
the trust has said savings can be made by [making sure] nurses are not doing jobs for which they are overqualified .

‘ Nuclear will be needed if we are to sustain our quality of life whilst ensuring we do not damage planet earth beyond repair . ’
‘ nuclear will be needed if we are to sustain our quality of life whilst [making sure] we do not damage planet earth beyond repair . ’

If Torness proves to be operationally viable , it is likely that one of the new fast lifeboats will be allocated to the Station , ensuring the future of Dunbar 's role key station .
if torness proves to be operationally viable , it is likely that one of the new fast lifeboats will be allocated to the station , [making sure] the future of dunbar 's role key station .

In both areas our principal concern is in ensuring that the interests and expectations of life assurance policyholders and members of pension funds are best protected .
in both areas our principal concern is in [making sure] that the interests and expectations of life assurance policyholders and members of pension funds are best protected .

The principal objective of the system of supervision with the Appointed Actuary is to give emphasis to the importance of providing fair value for consumers of life assurance products and ensuring their security , rather than to provide protection for the insurance company .
the principal objective of the system of supervision with the appointed actuary is to give emphasis to the importance of providing fair value for consumers of life assurance products and [making sure] their security , rather than to provide protection for the insurance company .

Stock management is a very important factor in ensuring that the printed collections are properly and reliably controlled , and are available for readers whenever they wish to consult them .
stock management is a very important factor in [making sure] that the printed collections are properly and reliably controlled , and are available for readers whenever they wish to consult them .

( b ) Suggest 5 rules for ensuring that the most cost-effective use if made of a photocopier .
( b ) suggest 5 rules for [making sure] that the most cost-effective use if made of a photocopier .

Increasing emphasis will be placed both on ensuring the market relevance of overseas awards and on encouraging their take-up by industry and commerce .
increasing emphasis will be placed both on [making sure] the market relevance of overseas awards and on encouraging their take-up by industry and commerce .

‘ The new vehicle will assist in ensuring that a safe and efficient rigging service continues at the terminal to the end of the century and beyond . ’
‘ the new vehicle will assist in [making sure] that a safe and efficient rigging service continues at the terminal to the end of the century and beyond . ’

Operations geophysicist Erik Havarstein has been responsible for mobilising the seismic vessel for the survey and has spent time in Lagos ensuring the technical specification and safety standards are in place for the survey .
operations geophysicist erik havarstein has been responsible for mobilising the seismic vessel for the survey and has spent time in lagos [making sure] the technical specification and safety standards are in place for the survey .

It will not be possible to say whether validation has been effective in ensuring that the Council 's courses are truly fulfilling their aims until the first graduates start entering industry but we have already started to review the operation of the validation process .
it will not be possible to say whether validation has been effective in [making sure] that the council 's courses are truly fulfilling their aims until the first graduates start entering industry but we have already started to review the operation of the validation process .

The whole of the circuitry system is now enclosed thus ensuring our airfresh is the premier product on the market .
the whole of the circuitry system is now enclosed thus [making sure] our airfresh is the premier product on the market .

Gavin Miller , service manager at Healthcare Belfast as well as ensuring all the vehicles run properly and complete the necessary services , maintains and races a variety of other vehicles .
gavin miller , service manager at healthcare belfast as well as [making sure] all the vehicles run properly and complete the necessary services , maintains and races a variety of other vehicles .

The Wedgwood Group is committed to ensuring a high standard of environmental management within its factories and also in relation to its operation and existence within the local and wider community , recognising this as an integral part of its Total Quality Management programme .
the wedgwood group is committed to [making sure] a high standard of environmental management within its factories and also in relation to its operation and existence within the local and wider community , recognising this as an integral part of its total quality management programme .

The Group Environmental Manager has responsibility for ensuring that the Company complies with all relevant legislation concerning environmental issues .
the group environmental manager has responsibility for [making sure] that the company complies with all relevant legislation concerning environmental issues .

The Group Purchasing Director is responsible for ensuring that the Group 's purchasing requirements are met , taking into account environmental issues wherever possible .
the group purchasing director is responsible for [making sure] that the group 's purchasing requirements are met , taking into account environmental issues wherever possible .

The Group Chief Engineer has responsibility for ensuring the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery in accordance with environmental standards to comply with the Company 's environmental policy objectives .
the group chief engineer has responsibility for [making sure] the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery in accordance with environmental standards to comply with the company 's environmental policy objectives .

As outlined in the policy statement , we are committed to safeguarding the environment in which we operate . This will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the following objectives :
as outlined in the policy statement , we are committed to safeguarding the environment in which we operate . this will be achieved by [making sure] compliance with the following objectives :

Engineering We will continually strive to reduce our impact on the environment by ensuring that environmental issues are considered and the best practicable option is adopted during the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery .
engineering we will continually strive to reduce our impact on the environment by [making sure] that environmental issues are considered and the best practicable option is adopted during the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery .

Provision should be made for ensuring that the competences specified can take into account changes which may occur in technology or market requirements .
provision should be made for [making sure] that the competences specified can take into account changes which may occur in technology or market requirements .

Almost 1500 copies were despatched , ensuring that the proposals reached as many interested parties as possible .
almost 1500 copies were despatched , [making sure] that the proposals reached as many interested parties as possible .

The centre has implemented effective systems for ensuring that consistent standards are applied to the evaluation of the candidates ' work and that the standards comply with those specified in the unit/model .
the centre has implemented effective systems for [making sure] that consistent standards are applied to the evaluation of the candidates ' work and that the standards comply with those specified in the unit/model .

It is essential that the quality of the carpet is identified , thereby ensuring that we replace like with like .
it is essential that the quality of the carpet is identified , thereby [making sure] that we replace like with like .

The Group is therefore committed to ensuring a high standard of environmental management both within the factories and also in relation to operation and existence within the local and wider community .
the group is therefore committed to [making sure] a high standard of environmental management both within the factories and also in relation to operation and existence within the local and wider community .

‘ Your help in achieving the environmental objectives and any future targets is vital in ensuring the greening of the whole Company .
‘ your help in achieving the environmental objectives and any future targets is vital in [making sure] the greening of the whole company .

Your help in achieving the environmental objectives is vital in ensuring the greening of the whole Company .
your help in achieving the environmental objectives is vital in [making sure] the greening of the whole company .

The wide applications of Mouse Alert have already been seen by a variety of customers , whose needs range from protecting high technology equipment , ensuring that perishable foods leave premises uncontaminated , and knowing that pharmaceutical products remain sterile .
the wide applications of mouse alert have already been seen by a variety of customers , whose needs range from protecting high technology equipment , [making sure] that perishable foods leave premises uncontaminated , and knowing that pharmaceutical products remain sterile .

Under Common Law everyone is bound by duty to care for others by ensuring that they are not endangering them in any way .
under common law everyone is bound by duty to care for others by [making sure] that they are not endangering them in any way .

As general manager David Lynch stated , ‘ We are not just selling air purifiers , but ensuring a healthy indoor environment .
as general manager david lynch stated , ‘ we are not just selling air purifiers , but [making sure] a healthy indoor environment .

The Wedgwood bridal service is a sensible way to organise gifts ensuring that couples receive the items of their choice .
the wedgwood bridal service is a sensible way to organise gifts [making sure] that couples receive the items of their choice .

Throughout a painstaking series of consultations with the Committee , the Society has striven to offer a workable system ensuring that all solicitors seeking rights of audience in the higher courts will have all the requisite skills and experience .
throughout a painstaking series of consultations with the committee , the society has striven to offer a workable system [making sure] that all solicitors seeking rights of audience in the higher courts will have all the requisite skills and experience .

We are committed to addressing all problems and ensuring that Bank commitments are met .
we are committed to addressing all problems and [making sure] that bank commitments are met .

Consideration was also given to ways of ensuring that the archaeological and historical interests of the Park are fully safeguarded .
consideration was also given to ways of [making sure] that the archaeological and historical interests of the park are fully safeguarded .

Already the atmosphere is such that companies such as Chubb Insurance Company of Europe is advising client directors to make concerted efforts not only to be familiar with all aspects of their companies ' activities but to take prudent action at the boardroom table : right down to ensuring all documents are prepared ‘ with the expectation that they will be scrutinised at a later date by others who are looking for evidence of wrongdoings ’ , that detailed minutes are taken , and that they should vote against any proposal rather than abstain because abstention could be construed as approval .
already the atmosphere is such that companies such as chubb insurance company of europe is advising client directors to make concerted efforts not only to be familiar with all aspects of their companies ' activities but to take prudent action at the boardroom table : right down to [making sure] all documents are prepared ‘ with the expectation that they will be scrutinised at a later date by others who are looking for evidence of wrongdoings ’ , that detailed minutes are taken , and that they should vote against any proposal rather than abstain because abstention could be construed as approval .

The University continues to attract a large and increasing number of applications for undergraduate courses , thus ensuring the high calibre of entrants as the number of places increases .
the university continues to attract a large and increasing number of applications for undergraduate courses , thus [making sure] the high calibre of entrants as the number of places increases .

The requirements relate very closely to the due diligence provisions as contained in the Food Safety Act 1990 and in effect employers have to identify the potential hazards within their business , ensuring that through training , these can then be eliminated or minimised .
the requirements relate very closely to the due diligence provisions as contained in the food safety act 1990 and in effect employers have to identify the potential hazards within their business , [making sure] that through training , these can then be eliminated or minimised .

The most usual method of calculation is to determine the net profit of the business ensuring that this amount is the amount of pre-tax and pre proprietor drawings and pre interest charges .
the most usual method of calculation is to determine the net profit of the business [making sure] that this amount is the amount of pre-tax and pre proprietor drawings and pre interest charges .

Writing down the responsibilities of managers and employees and ensuring they are acknowledged by them .
writing down the responsibilities of managers and employees and [making sure] they are acknowledged by them .

Apart from ensuring state-of-the-art kitchen equipment was installed and an easy-to-clean environment created , Mr Prior also opted for Comark electronic temperature monitoring equipment in his cold rooms and kitchens .
apart from [making sure] state-of-the-art kitchen equipment was installed and an easy-to-clean environment created , mr prior also opted for comark electronic temperature monitoring equipment in his cold rooms and kitchens .

Furthermore , highlighting parental responsibility for ensuring regular attendance may deflect schools from examining their own practice , and asking why some pupils find schools unattractive places to be .
furthermore , highlighting parental responsibility for [making sure] regular attendance may deflect schools from examining their own practice , and asking why some pupils find schools unattractive places to be .

You will probably find yourself working as part of a small team within the office and a great deal of emphasis is placed on ensuring that these teams work well .
you will probably find yourself working as part of a small team within the office and a great deal of emphasis is placed on [making sure] that these teams work well .

You are responsible for ensuring that the nature of the work does not adversely affect the requirement for you to preserve your reputation for honesty , integrity and impartiality .
you are responsible for [making sure] that the nature of the work does not adversely affect the requirement for you to preserve your reputation for honesty , integrity and impartiality .

It would therefore appear that the only mechanism for ensuring that land is reserved is by the use of conditions .
it would therefore appear that the only mechanism for [making sure] that land is reserved is by the use of conditions .

The forms are available from your Divisional or Section Head who is responsible for ensuring that completed forms are returned to the Administrative Officer ( Personnel ) .
the forms are available from your divisional or section head who is responsible for [making sure] that completed forms are returned to the administrative officer ( personnel ) .

Second , and even more important for the analysis of bureaucratic power , is the extent to which public bureaucracies in collectivized societies are controlled by non-bureaucratic political institutions . Have they become a ruling elite or even a new ruling class ? Have the procedures for ensuring a responsive bureaucracy been nullified by the power of the bureaucracy itself , so that the functionaries , rather than elected politicians ( who are no longer easily distinguishable from bureaucrats themselves ) , rule ?
second , and even more important for the analysis of bureaucratic power , is the extent to which public bureaucracies in collectivized societies are controlled by non-bureaucratic political institutions . have they become a ruling elite or even a new ruling class ? have the procedures for [making sure] a responsive bureaucracy been nullified by the power of the bureaucracy itself , so that the functionaries , rather than elected politicians ( who are no longer easily distinguishable from bureaucrats themselves ) , rule ?

it is the existence of Lever Bros which itself sets a limit to the extent of the trade-offs by ensuring the dominance of the type of products in which multinational companies in general , and Lever Bros in particular , have a comparative advantage , namely , brand differentiated goods which are intensively promoted .
it is the existence of lever bros which itself sets a limit to the extent of the trade-offs by [making sure] the dominance of the type of products in which multinational companies in general , and lever bros in particular , have a comparative advantage , namely , brand differentiated goods which are intensively promoted .

Cash crop exports are politically ‘ safe ’ in the sense that hard currency earnings allow Third World governments to buy in cheap grain to feed their urban populations , and relieve them of the problems of ensuring adequate food supplies from what sometimes appears to be a permanently disgruntled peasantry .
cash crop exports are politically ‘ safe ’ in the sense that hard currency earnings allow third world governments to buy in cheap grain to feed their urban populations , and relieve them of the problems of [making sure] adequate food supplies from what sometimes appears to be a permanently disgruntled peasantry .

In a recent review of the effectiveness of antenatal interventions , the World Health Organization gave high priority to identifying the best ways of ensuring the availability of measures to prevent syphilis and gonorrhoea in women .
in a recent review of the effectiveness of antenatal interventions , the world health organization gave high priority to identifying the best ways of [making sure] the availability of measures to prevent syphilis and gonorrhoea in women .

His aim was thus to keep the Herbert hegemony intact , while ensuring that it continued to be used in the royal interest .
his aim was thus to keep the herbert hegemony intact , while [making sure] that it continued to be used in the royal interest .

However , this inhibition of coagulation has some drawbacks , and has led to considerable difficulties in ensuring appropriate heparin administration during cardiac surgery .
however , this inhibition of coagulation has some drawbacks , and has led to considerable difficulties in [making sure] appropriate heparin administration during cardiac surgery .

For the last hour his progressively alcoholised brain had reminded him of the consequences of justice ( small ‘ j ’ ) : of bringing a criminal before the courts , ensuring that he was convicted for his sins ( or was it his crimes ? )
for the last hour his progressively alcoholised brain had reminded him of the consequences of justice ( small ‘ j ’ ) : of bringing a criminal before the courts , [making sure] that he was convicted for his sins ( or was it his crimes ? )

Secondly , ensuring the disadvantaged and less powerful are not excluded and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry techniques , workshops , seminars , and local opinion polls .
secondly , [making sure] the disadvantaged and less powerful are not excluded and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry techniques , workshops , seminars , and local opinion polls .

Once seed heads/leaves change colour remove and hang upside down for a while ensuring the tips preserve too .
once seed heads/leaves change colour remove and hang upside down for a while [making sure] the tips preserve too .

With the establishment in July 1988 of the Palestinian Women 's Higher Council , Palestinian women took a very important step in ensuring the consolidation of their advances .
with the establishment in july 1988 of the palestinian women 's higher council , palestinian women took a very important step in [making sure] the consolidation of their advances .

This will involve questioning assumptions , ensuring that the project is consistent with company strategy and testing the project evaluation in detail .
this will involve questioning assumptions , [making sure] that the project is consistent with company strategy and testing the project evaluation in detail .

The Central Electoral Bureau , which included opposition representatives , had responsibility for ensuring the fairness of the vote at the 13,000 polling stations around the country and for scrutinising the ballots and adjudicating disputes .
the central electoral bureau , which included opposition representatives , had responsibility for [making sure] the fairness of the vote at the 13,000 polling stations around the country and for scrutinising the ballots and adjudicating disputes .

At the end of December 1989 the Supreme Court named the three final conservative appointees to the Senate [ see p. 37117 for first six appointments ] , so that the outgoing military regime was represented by 28 of the 47 members , further ensuring that the incoming government of President Aylwin would be unable to modify the central role of the military under the 1980 Constitution [ see p. 30619 ] .
at the end of december 1989 the supreme court named the three final conservative appointees to the senate [ see p. 37117 for first six appointments ] , so that the outgoing military regime was represented by 28 of the 47 members , further [making sure] that the incoming government of president aylwin would be unable to modify the central role of the military under the 1980 constitution [ see p. 30619 ] .

The package adhered to Bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law .
the package adhered to bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also [making sure] that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit reduction law .

Main tasks ahead were the holding of free elections `` soon and with dignity `` ; ensuring respect for the interests and religious traditions of the Czech and Slovak nations ; improving the position of `` all citizens who are worse off than others `` ; and strengthening Czechoslovakia 's authority in the world .
main tasks ahead were the holding of free elections `` soon and with dignity `` ; [making sure] respect for the interests and religious traditions of the czech and slovak nations ; improving the position of `` all citizens who are worse off than others `` ; and strengthening czechoslovakia 's authority in the world .

The convention 's first section on the main areas of co-operation was headed by a chapter on environmental issues , in which both sides committed themselves not just to respecting the environment in the planning and execution of aid projects , but also to ensuring that `` economic and social development is based on a sustainable balance between economic objectives , management of natural resources and enhancement of human resources ' .
the convention 's first section on the main areas of co-operation was headed by a chapter on environmental issues , in which both sides committed themselves not just to respecting the environment in the planning and execution of aid projects , but also to [making sure] that `` economic and social development is based on a sustainable balance between economic objectives , management of natural resources and enhancement of human resources ' .

The restrictive financial policy would be aimed at ensuring an elementary degree of monetary stability and creating the basis for further steps in liberalizing prices , the exchange rate and foreign trade .
the restrictive financial policy would be aimed at [making sure] an elementary degree of monetary stability and creating the basis for further steps in liberalizing prices , the exchange rate and foreign trade .

One way of ensuring that such misinterpretation does not occur is to adopt an approach to `` experience `` which is not so tied to `` inwardness `` .
one way of [making sure] that such misinterpretation does not occur is to adopt an approach to `` experience `` which is not so tied to `` inwardness `` .

Nevertheless the Tories did have established methods for ensuring co-ordination between the high command and the rank and file .
nevertheless the tories did have established methods for [making sure] co-ordination between the high command and the rank and file .

One way of allocating groups quickly and randomly , ensuring a good mix , is to ask the children to sit in a circle , allowing them to sit where they want , and then counting round the circle , giving each child a number — one to eight , then starting again . ``
one way of allocating groups quickly and randomly , [making sure] a good mix , is to ask the children to sit in a circle , allowing them to sit where they want , and then counting round the circle , giving each child a number — one to eight , then starting again . ``

Certainly in both cases the child was a minor , and there were problems in ensuring their succession to their fathers ' territories , but there was no need for a new division of the kingdom .
certainly in both cases the child was a minor , and there were problems in [making sure] their succession to their fathers ' territories , but there was no need for a new division of the kingdom .

Borrowers may find it in their interests not to break a relationship with an investment bank , as the latter may stabilise the bond price and maintain an orderly aftermarket , ensuring a good reception of future issues .
borrowers may find it in their interests not to break a relationship with an investment bank , as the latter may stabilise the bond price and maintain an orderly aftermarket , [making sure] a good reception of future issues .

Good negotiating discipline is to sum regularly , thereby ensuring points of progress are agreed and noted stage by stage .
good negotiating discipline is to sum regularly , thereby [making sure] points of progress are agreed and noted stage by stage .

Consideration should be given to ensuring that the staff assigned to the engagement are not involved in other work carried out in relation to either the purchaser or the target .
consideration should be given to [making sure] that the staff assigned to the engagement are not involved in other work carried out in relation to either the purchaser or the target .

Ensuring the appointment of City lawyers with the specific experience required ;
[making sure] the appointment of city lawyers with the specific experience required ;

This can be achieved by ensuring that we fall within the exemption contained in Section 60(1) of the Companies Act , which states that an offer or invitation is not to be treated as made to the public ‘ if it can properly be regarded , in all the circumstances , as not being calculated to result , directly or indirectly , in the shares or debentures becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the offer or invitation , or otherwise as being a domestic concern of the persons receiving and making it ’ .
this can be achieved by [making sure] that we fall within the exemption contained in section 60(1) of the companies act , which states that an offer or invitation is not to be treated as made to the public ‘ if it can properly be regarded , in all the circumstances , as not being calculated to result , directly or indirectly , in the shares or debentures becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the offer or invitation , or otherwise as being a domestic concern of the persons receiving and making it ’ .

( 2 ) Pull the club across to the left with your left arm ensuring that your arms are extended .
( 2 ) pull the club across to the left with your left arm [making sure] that your arms are extended .

( 2 ) Swing to the top of the backswing , ensuring that your lefthand grip does n't loosen .
( 2 ) swing to the top of the backswing , [making sure] that your lefthand grip does n't loosen .

The project will use a variant of the National Institute model to design policy rules involving the active use of tax rates , interest rates and foreign exchange intervention with the aim of keeping money national income on a steady path , while at the same time ensuring adequate investment takes place and stabilising the exchange rate .
the project will use a variant of the national institute model to design policy rules involving the active use of tax rates , interest rates and foreign exchange intervention with the aim of keeping money national income on a steady path , while at the same time [making sure] adequate investment takes place and stabilising the exchange rate .

Ensuring the back does not twist .
[making sure] the back does not twist .

‘ We have been progress of the Great Britain Education Bill with a view to ensuring that , as far as possible , parents of children with special educational needs in Northern Ireland enjoy the same rights as those in England and Wales . ’
‘ we have been progress of the great britain education bill with a view to [making sure] that , as far as possible , parents of children with special educational needs in northern ireland enjoy the same rights as those in england and wales . ’

It also means ensuring that any risk inherent in investment advice is explained to the client and clearly understood by him .
it also means [making sure] that any risk inherent in investment advice is explained to the client and clearly understood by him .

Security is an overall office function , and the Computing Sub-Group , in its earlier discussions on security , has preferred to deal with it by ensuring that offices are kept as secure as possible , rather than by guarding individual pieces of hardware .
security is an overall office function , and the computing sub-group , in its earlier discussions on security , has preferred to deal with it by [making sure] that offices are kept as secure as possible , rather than by guarding individual pieces of hardware .

Remove covers and remove dust , particularly ensuring the area os the fan is clean and unimpeded .
remove covers and remove dust , particularly [making sure] the area os the fan is clean and unimpeded .

Ensuring important public access to the countryside by repairing footpaths , and fencing to protect sensitive wildlife areas .
[making sure] important public access to the countryside by repairing footpaths , and fencing to protect sensitive wildlife areas .

The required detected position is obtained by ensuring that the slotted disc is connected to the motor shaft with the correct relative orientation .
the required detected position is obtained by [making sure] that the slotted disc is connected to the motor shaft with the correct relative orientation .

Genes working through the organs and behaviour patterns of many-celled bodies can achieve methods of ensuring their own propagation that are not available to single cells working on their own .
genes working through the organs and behaviour patterns of many-celled bodies can achieve methods of [making sure] their own propagation that are not available to single cells working on their own .

Furthermore , it is possible to raise the effectiveness of individual departments by ensuring that information used in one part of the organisation is entirely consistent with all other information ( concerning the business system ) in use with other departments .
furthermore , it is possible to raise the effectiveness of individual departments by [making sure] that information used in one part of the organisation is entirely consistent with all other information ( concerning the business system ) in use with other departments .

Demonstrations are the only way of testing out claims made for software systems and ensuring that the system supplied is the one that was specified .
demonstrations are the only way of testing out claims made for software systems and [making sure] that the system supplied is the one that was specified .

It then follows that there is no inevitable ‘ law ’ ensuring that public expenditure becomes a progressively rising proportion of National Income .
it then follows that there is no inevitable ‘ law ’ [making sure] that public expenditure becomes a progressively rising proportion of national income .

Checking the small print — ensuring there are no loopholes in the agreement which could let landlords out of their obligations .
checking the small print — [making sure] there are no loopholes in the agreement which could let landlords out of their obligations .

‘ This case is about ensuring that proper representation remains available to those who need criminal legal aid .
‘ this case is about [making sure] that proper representation remains available to those who need criminal legal aid .

The Committee is not convinced that the proposal for ‘ Community Supervision Orders ’ [ CSOs ] put forward by the Royal College of Psychiatrists will provide the solution for ensuring patients receive the care they need .
the committee is not convinced that the proposal for ‘ community supervision orders ’ [ csos ] put forward by the royal college of psychiatrists will provide the solution for [making sure] patients receive the care they need .

Improved forensic science standards and public sector laboratories equally available to the defence and prosecution — this may only go part way to ensuring an equality of arms between the prosecution and defence , which is essential in an adversarial system .
improved forensic science standards and public sector laboratories equally available to the defence and prosecution — this may only go part way to [making sure] an equality of arms between the prosecution and defence , which is essential in an adversarial system .

Ensuring smooth and just running of the case by encouraging parties and witnesses to perform to the best of their abilities ; and by checking unnecessary paperwork , disallowing repetition , speaking concisely , and always remaining aware of costs .
[making sure] smooth and just running of the case by encouraging parties and witnesses to perform to the best of their abilities ; and by checking unnecessary paperwork , disallowing repetition , speaking concisely , and always remaining aware of costs .

The Law Society argues that the cuts are unlawful because they are inconsistent with the purpose of legal aid — ‘ ensuring that people of small and moderate means receive access to proper legal advice , and to justice ’ — and because there was no proper consultation before the decision to make the cuts were taken .
the law society argues that the cuts are unlawful because they are inconsistent with the purpose of legal aid — ‘ [making sure] that people of small and moderate means receive access to proper legal advice , and to justice ’ — and because there was no proper consultation before the decision to make the cuts were taken .

Ensuring that the connector is exactly perpendicular to the ribbon cable place the whole assembly into a vice and slowly squeeze the parts together .
[making sure] that the connector is exactly perpendicular to the ribbon cable place the whole assembly into a vice and slowly squeeze the parts together .

Disknet effectively stops this from happening , by ensuring that each floppy disk is virus free before use .
disknet effectively stops this from happening , by [making sure] that each floppy disk is virus free before use .

There is still much work to be done to ensure successful implementation of the project , so the team will still be hard at work considering training ; how to keep staff informed ; and ensuring a smooth change of telephone number [ necessary for a digital system ] .
there is still much work to be done to ensure successful implementation of the project , so the team will still be hard at work considering training ; how to keep staff informed ; and [making sure] a smooth change of telephone number [ necessary for a digital system ] .

His responsibilities included arranging royal visits and schedules and ensuring the Maharajah was never offered unsuitable food .
his responsibilities included arranging royal visits and schedules and [making sure] the maharajah was never offered unsuitable food .

We responded positively to increasing demands for service companies to play a greater role in ensuring the long term viability of the North Sea .
we responded positively to increasing demands for service companies to play a greater role in [making sure] the long term viability of the north sea .

above all , we will out-perform our competition by ensuring that quality is at the forefront of everything we do .
above all , we will out-perform our competition by [making sure] that quality is at the forefront of everything we do .

There is no means of ensuring that discrimination against spirits does not widen .
there is no means of [making sure] that discrimination against spirits does not widen .

Rune had treated her body with a considerate respect that had been faultless , ensuring her safety , even as he had ensured her ecstasy .
rune had treated her body with a considerate respect that had been faultless , [making sure] her safety , even as he had ensured her ecstasy .

Not least is a problem well-known in current image databases : the difficulty of ensuring all data elements are held in a consistent and suitable data format .
not least is a problem well-known in current image databases : the difficulty of [making sure] all data elements are held in a consistent and suitable data format .

This is a powerful department , partly because of its responsibility for ensuring the financial health of the company but also because it controls the language and format in which the other functions draw up their expenditure plans and report progress against them .
this is a powerful department , partly because of its responsibility for [making sure] the financial health of the company but also because it controls the language and format in which the other functions draw up their expenditure plans and report progress against them .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for [making sure] that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .

By ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .
by [making sure] that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .

With so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system ensuring that the criteria are consistent and applied in the same order .
with so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system [making sure] that the criteria are consistent and applied in the same order .

He does not do this by behaving as if it were his personal project , but by quietly ensuring that things get done as decided .
he does not do this by behaving as if it were his personal project , but by quietly [making sure] that things get done as decided .

At best Gould was callous and ungenerous in ensuring that he did not receive the praise he deserved ; at worst he was deliberately playing on Lear 's weakness , and jealously guarding the limelight for his most ambitious publication to date .
at best gould was callous and ungenerous in [making sure] that he did not receive the praise he deserved ; at worst he was deliberately playing on lear 's weakness , and jealously guarding the limelight for his most ambitious publication to date .

It also means ensuring that the full inclusion of disabled people is integral to an organisation 's structure , rather than peripheral concern easily surrendered to other interests .
it also means [making sure] that the full inclusion of disabled people is integral to an organisation 's structure , rather than peripheral concern easily surrendered to other interests .

ensuring full physical access to facilities is not compromised because non-disabled people 's arts take precedence
[making sure] full physical access to facilities is not compromised because non-disabled people 's arts take precedence

True integration rests on non-Disabled people ensuring their arts practice is fully and equally accessible to Disabled people ready for as-and-when we choose to become involved .
true integration rests on non-disabled people [making sure] their arts practice is fully and equally accessible to disabled people ready for as-and-when we choose to become involved .

As a result of the tour , our cattle specialists are well able to talk to both internal staff and customers about dairying in France — ensuring that our customers stay ahead of their European competitors and that our cattle specialists stay well ahead of theirs !
as a result of the tour , our cattle specialists are well able to talk to both internal staff and customers about dairying in france — [making sure] that our customers stay ahead of their european competitors and that our cattle specialists stay well ahead of theirs !

But , once established , the service class is extremely effective in ensuring that its offspring also joins this elite .
but , once established , the service class is extremely effective in [making sure] that its offspring also joins this elite .

The state according to Castells 's perspective , had the central role of ensuring a healthy capitalist economy .
the state according to castells 's perspective , had the central role of [making sure] a healthy capitalist economy .

In a similar way , the state 's provision of collective resources can be seen as ensuring a key commodity for competitive and anarchic capitalist societies ; that of a refreshed and productive workforce .
in a similar way , the state 's provision of collective resources can be seen as [making sure] a key commodity for competitive and anarchic capitalist societies ; that of a refreshed and productive workforce .

Ensuring long term survival
[making sure] long term survival

The project must therefore be divided into chunks , and data analysis , database and information systems implemented in each of these divisions in turn , ensuring the success of each of these parts before the next subsystem is developed .
the project must therefore be divided into chunks , and data analysis , database and information systems implemented in each of these divisions in turn , [making sure] the success of each of these parts before the next subsystem is developed .

Strategic development plans are best managed as portfolios , that is , during the development period early successes must be seen to be delivered , thus ensuring a continuous flow of systems products to maintain interest and commitment to the system from all users .
strategic development plans are best managed as portfolios , that is , during the development period early successes must be seen to be delivered , thus [making sure] a continuous flow of systems products to maintain interest and commitment to the system from all users .

Given that there is an unavoidable tax on meals , do we allocate resources more efficiently by ensuring that at least there are no distortions in the film industry ?
given that there is an unavoidable tax on meals , do we allocate resources more efficiently by [making sure] that at least there are no distortions in the film industry ?

If these were the only considerations , merger policy might be confined to ensuring that companies formed accurate assessments of the costs and benefits of mergers .
if these were the only considerations , merger policy might be confined to [making sure] that companies formed accurate assessments of the costs and benefits of mergers .

Private marginal cost should be adjusted for any production or consumption externalities that arise , thus ensuring that society equally values the marginal cost and marginal benefit from the last unit of output .
private marginal cost should be adjusted for any production or consumption externalities that arise , thus [making sure] that society equally values the marginal cost and marginal benefit from the last unit of output .

He 'd just been rather cleverer and more subtle at how he 'd gone about seducing her , even ensuring that she 'd initiate the first moves .
he 'd just been rather cleverer and more subtle at how he 'd gone about seducing her , even [making sure] that she 'd initiate the first moves .

But sterilisation is the ultimate means of ensuring effective population control .
but sterilisation is the ultimate means of [making sure] effective population control .

So parents actually welcomed the possibility of a large family : an extra pair of hands could soon pay for itself by working in the fields as well as ensuring security for the parents ' old age .
so parents actually welcomed the possibility of a large family : an extra pair of hands could soon pay for itself by working in the fields as well as [making sure] security for the parents ' old age .

The principles of mental-health promotion must be clear : a commitment to social equity , community participation and ensuring a ‘ technical fit ’ with what can actually be achieved on the ground .
the principles of mental-health promotion must be clear : a commitment to social equity , community participation and [making sure] a ‘ technical fit ’ with what can actually be achieved on the ground .

Is the Minister interested in building homes in Britain not only to tackle the problem of homelessness but to allow peple to move within the private sector ? Is he not interested in ensuring that building skills are available and , more importantly , that homes are made available in the right place and at the right time ?
is the minister interested in building homes in britain not only to tackle the problem of homelessness but to allow peple to move within the private sector ? is he not interested in [making sure] that building skills are available and , more importantly , that homes are made available in the right place and at the right time ?

My right hon. Friend has shown the utmost skill and stamina over the past two days in keeping us away from the dangerous path towards the centralised Europe that none of us who are good Europeans want to see . Does he agree that the time has come to put forward with ever greater clarity the kind of Europe which we want and which he has already outlined in his comments ? Does he further agree that that needs to be a Europe which is not only open and ready to trade fully with the rest of the world , but also ready to grapple with the greatest danger facing European stability , a danger which was scarcely mentioned at Maastricht , and which must be faced by ensuring that the nations of eastern Europe make it all the way to open democracies and that the vast and scattered nuclear arsenal of the former Soviet Union is brought under proper control and we prevent a great proliferation of nuclear weapons in the successor states ?
my right hon. friend has shown the utmost skill and stamina over the past two days in keeping us away from the dangerous path towards the centralised europe that none of us who are good europeans want to see . does he agree that the time has come to put forward with ever greater clarity the kind of europe which we want and which he has already outlined in his comments ? does he further agree that that needs to be a europe which is not only open and ready to trade fully with the rest of the world , but also ready to grapple with the greatest danger facing european stability , a danger which was scarcely mentioned at maastricht , and which must be faced by [making sure] that the nations of eastern europe make it all the way to open democracies and that the vast and scattered nuclear arsenal of the former soviet union is brought under proper control and we prevent a great proliferation of nuclear weapons in the successor states ?

In compulsory competitive tendering the Government are merely bringing up the rear and ensuring that local authorities that have not yet taken advantage of those techniques are brought up to the level of the best .
in compulsory competitive tendering the government are merely bringing up the rear and [making sure] that local authorities that have not yet taken advantage of those techniques are brought up to the level of the best .

It is yet more evidence that the Government are committed to ensuring the capability of the Royal Navy 's fleet and to the wider aim of ensuring that our forces of the future have the modern equipment that they need .
it is yet more evidence that the government are committed to [making sure] the capability of the royal navy 's fleet and to the wider aim of [making sure] that our forces of the future have the modern equipment that they need .

The chief police officers are responsible for ensuring that the terminals are sited in secure locations away from public view and operated only by properly trained and authorised personnel .
the chief police officers are responsible for [making sure] that the terminals are sited in secure locations away from public view and operated only by properly trained and authorised personnel .

That is a matter for future debate , certainly not for today when there is quite enough to be done in preparing colleges for self-governing status and ensuring that they have the support and expertise required to enable them to make a success of that .
that is a matter for future debate , certainly not for today when there is quite enough to be done in preparing colleges for self-governing status and [making sure] that they have the support and expertise required to enable them to make a success of that .

When the research has been evaluated and the screening survey has been completed we will be able to make even further progress in ensuring that the health service is dedicated to prevention as well as cure .
when the research has been evaluated and the screening survey has been completed we will be able to make even further progress in [making sure] that the health service is dedicated to prevention as well as cure .

The most effective way of ensuring that there is investment in this or any other country is to ensure that we have low inflation and the right economic environment .
the most effective way of [making sure] that there is investment in this or any other country is to ensure that we have low inflation and the right economic environment .

Gentleman can not complain about that — is aimed at ensuring that the workload is taken into account in allocating resources while encouraging the management of magistrates courts to improve the efficiency of local justice so that it is better carried out .
gentleman can not complain about that — is aimed at [making sure] that the workload is taken into account in allocating resources while encouraging the management of magistrates courts to improve the efficiency of local justice so that it is better carried out .

The nuclear deterrent has been very effective in ensuring the security of the west over the past 40 years .
the nuclear deterrent has been very effective in [making sure] the security of the west over the past 40 years .

We have advocated a considerable extension of the powers of the European Parliament in its work in scrutinising the Commission and ensuring that proper financial accountability is introduced .
we have advocated a considerable extension of the powers of the european parliament in its work in scrutinising the commission and [making sure] that proper financial accountability is introduced .

European Community Commissioners are appointed by common accord of the member states , but the main responsibility for ensuring the accountability of the Commission rests with the European Parliament .
european community commissioners are appointed by common accord of the member states , but the main responsibility for [making sure] the accountability of the commission rests with the european parliament .

Is my hon. Friend aware that , despite what has been said , there is continuing concern in Norfolk — as represented by those involved in Wensum Lodge in Norwich ? Will my hon. Friend do all that he can to persuade local authorities to play their full part in ensuring the continuation of adult education ?
is my hon. friend aware that , despite what has been said , there is continuing concern in norfolk — as represented by those involved in wensum lodge in norwich ? will my hon. friend do all that he can to persuade local authorities to play their full part in [making sure] the continuation of adult education ?

Instead of an obsession with Germany 's position , should we not be obsessed with what is happening in Croatia , where one in eight of the population has been displaced , we have provided only £77,000 in humanitarian aid and the people are being pounded into the ground ? Will the Secretary of State consider ways of ensuring that a sky shield can be erected by the international powers over Croatian air space to stop the aerial bombardment of Dubrovnik and Vukovar and also find ways to increase humanitarian aid to people who will otherwise continue to die over Christmas ?
instead of an obsession with germany 's position , should we not be obsessed with what is happening in croatia , where one in eight of the population has been displaced , we have provided only £77,000 in humanitarian aid and the people are being pounded into the ground ? will the secretary of state consider ways of [making sure] that a sky shield can be erected by the international powers over croatian air space to stop the aerial bombardment of dubrovnik and vukovar and also find ways to increase humanitarian aid to people who will otherwise continue to die over christmas ?

Will the Minister persist in his rejection of that totally barmy proposal and instead direct his attention to ensuring that the many well-qualified and able women who are in the civil service get the real top jobs ? Will he set an example by persuading the Prime Minister to do something about the membership of the Cabinet ? Can it really be the case that there is no Conservative woman Back Bencher who could do a better job than some of the present Cabinet Ministers ?
will the minister persist in his rejection of that totally barmy proposal and instead direct his attention to [making sure] that the many well-qualified and able women who are in the civil service get the real top jobs ? will he set an example by persuading the prime minister to do something about the membership of the cabinet ? can it really be the case that there is no conservative woman back bencher who could do a better job than some of the present cabinet ministers ?

Can the Minister tell us how the Government are ensuring the speedy response necessitated by changing circumstances in other parts of the world , particularly areas with which Britain had close links in the past ?
can the minister tell us how the government are [making sure] the speedy response necessitated by changing circumstances in other parts of the world , particularly areas with which britain had close links in the past ?

First , he is wrong to assume that the policy to which he refers is espoused only by the Government : until now , there has been a bipartisan commitment to ensuring that mentally ill people receive care and facilities that are properly attuned to their needs .
first , he is wrong to assume that the policy to which he refers is espoused only by the government : until now , there has been a bipartisan commitment to [making sure] that mentally ill people receive care and facilities that are properly attuned to their needs .

It is our policy that no one should be discharged from long-stay hospitals without the existence of a care programme that defines that person 's needs — and , furthermore , naming an individual key worker who will be responsible for ensuring that the person receives the care that he requires .
it is our policy that no one should be discharged from long-stay hospitals without the existence of a care programme that defines that person 's needs — and , furthermore , naming an individual key worker who will be responsible for [making sure] that the person receives the care that he requires .

Does my right hon. Friend accept that that news should be welcomed on both sides of the House ? Is it not the case that on the trip he was identifying markets , boosting British business , ensuring that British companies can take advantage of that business and , in the end , creating jobs back here at home ?
does my right hon. friend accept that that news should be welcomed on both sides of the house ? is it not the case that on the trip he was identifying markets , boosting british business , [making sure] that british companies can take advantage of that business and , in the end , creating jobs back here at home ?

Also , will the United Kingdom take the lead in ensuring that the next elections are full pluralist , democratic elections in which all elements of El Salvador society can participate fully and freely ?
also , will the united kingdom take the lead in [making sure] that the next elections are full pluralist , democratic elections in which all elements of el salvador society can participate fully and freely ?

There is no central Government programme under the label ’ skills training ’ , but we are , of course , committed to ensuring that high-quality skills training is provided for the 380,000 people who are currently participating in Government-funded training programmes throughout England and Wales .
there is no central government programme under the label ’ skills training ’ , but we are , of course , committed to [making sure] that high-quality skills training is provided for the 380,000 people who are currently participating in government-funded training programmes throughout england and wales .

That is why , only last year , we were involved in the eye awareness campaign with the profession to draw attention to the importance of people ensuring that their eyesight is checked .
that is why , only last year , we were involved in the eye awareness campaign with the profession to draw attention to the importance of people [making sure] that their eyesight is checked .

Is my hon. Friend aware that the Member representing Battersea has kept in regular touch with English Heritage , from which he has received confirmation that everything that needs to be done to protect that building has been done ? English Heritage pays tribute to the work of Wandsworth borough council in ensuring that , if the owner of the building has not done the work , the council has done it and billed the owner . Will my hon. Friend pay tribute to English Heritage and to Wandsworth council for protecting that building ?
is my hon. friend aware that the member representing battersea has kept in regular touch with english heritage , from which he has received confirmation that everything that needs to be done to protect that building has been done ? english heritage pays tribute to the work of wandsworth borough council in [making sure] that , if the owner of the building has not done the work , the council has done it and billed the owner . will my hon. friend pay tribute to english heritage and to wandsworth council for protecting that building ?

Does its principal keep in touch with the colleges in Her Majesty 's forces , which maintain such a high standard in every respect , while also ensuring that intelligence is applied to complex problems ?
does its principal keep in touch with the colleges in her majesty 's forces , which maintain such a high standard in every respect , while also [making sure] that intelligence is applied to complex problems ?

We are ensuring that the beef that we sent to St. Petersburg and Murmansk has got through , and we are tackling the remaining problems of distribution in Moscow .
we are [making sure] that the beef that we sent to st. petersburg and murmansk has got through , and we are tackling the remaining problems of distribution in moscow .

We should be looking not just at what we give , but to ensuring that the United States and others pay their back dues .
we should be looking not just at what we give , but to [making sure] that the united states and others pay their back dues .

The key to our success in this area , the cornerstone of our achievements , is the establishment of a nationwide network , now complete , of training and enterprise councils , ensuring that training is delivered in a way that fully respects the needs and requirements of local areas and is fully tailored to local circumstances .
the key to our success in this area , the cornerstone of our achievements , is the establishment of a nationwide network , now complete , of training and enterprise councils , [making sure] that training is delivered in a way that fully respects the needs and requirements of local areas and is fully tailored to local circumstances .

The problems of valuation and banding will also be compounded by the Government 's proposed method of valuation , which is to give the job to people such as estate agents who have a vested interest in ensuring that the valuations are as high as possible .
the problems of valuation and banding will also be compounded by the government 's proposed method of valuation , which is to give the job to people such as estate agents who have a vested interest in [making sure] that the valuations are as high as possible .

We have an opportunity to improve the environment of our towns and cities by ensuring that freight is taken off our roads .
we have an opportunity to improve the environment of our towns and cities by [making sure] that freight is taken off our roads .

Although the promoters are faced with an environmental impact statement compulsion , at the moment there is no way of ensuring that the work is carried out objectively .
although the promoters are faced with an environmental impact statement compulsion , at the moment there is no way of [making sure] that the work is carried out objectively .

While remedying the deficiencies in the procedures and ensuring that cases are dealt with properly and without delay , it is vital that each application is dealt with fairly and adequately , that each applicant has access to independent legal advice , and that there is a right to proper appeal — a right that the Bill does not give .
while remedying the deficiencies in the procedures and [making sure] that cases are dealt with properly and without delay , it is vital that each application is dealt with fairly and adequately , that each applicant has access to independent legal advice , and that there is a right to proper appeal — a right that the bill does not give .

Where that is not possible , we need to develop other ways of ensuring good standards of service — for example , through regulatory bodies which have real powers and responsibilities .
where that is not possible , we need to develop other ways of [making sure] good standards of service — for example , through regulatory bodies which have real powers and responsibilities .

Finally , will the Financial Secretary accept that there is no dispute between us about the sheer importance of ensuring quality in our public services ?
finally , will the financial secretary accept that there is no dispute between us about the sheer importance of [making sure] quality in our public services ?

As a consequence , it was not possible to privatise in a way that put customers ' and consumers ' interests first because the overriding interest was the Conservative Government and ensuring maximum take up .
as a consequence , it was not possible to privatise in a way that put customers ' and consumers ' interests first because the overriding interest was the conservative government and [making sure] maximum take up .

The tower was off limits , after all , and someone was just ensuring that the Baron 's orders were carried out to the letter .
the tower was off limits , after all , and someone was just [making sure] that the baron 's orders were carried out to the letter .

With extreme versions of the Type 11 systems , there would appear little health care planning role for the home health authority and little scope for ensuring that local needs and priorities are met , although , of course , business planning would be necessary for the providing authorities/ hospitals .
with extreme versions of the type 11 systems , there would appear little health care planning role for the home health authority and little scope for [making sure] that local needs and priorities are met , although , of course , business planning would be necessary for the providing authorities/ hospitals .

Check that the rubber seal in the fitting is in place and secure in its seating , ensuring that the groove is clean
check that the rubber seal in the fitting is in place and secure in its seating , [making sure] that the groove is clean

After ensuring that the fire was safe and that Guy was still deeply asleep , she crossed to the door and slipped quietly outside .
after [making sure] that the fire was safe and that guy was still deeply asleep , she crossed to the door and slipped quietly outside .

She knew all too well by what circumstances a woman could be forced into using her body as a means of ensuring survival for herself or her family .
she knew all too well by what circumstances a woman could be forced into using her body as a means of [making sure] survival for herself or her family .

Ideally we would like both to maximize recall the number of relevant documents retrieved — at the same time as ensuring that all the documents retrieved were relevant .
ideally we would like both to maximize recall the number of relevant documents retrieved — at the same time as [making sure] that all the documents retrieved were relevant .

supplying a standard vocabulary by controlling synonyms and ensuring that only one term of a potential list of similar terms will be used in indexing a given concept ;
supplying a standard vocabulary by controlling synonyms and [making sure] that only one term of a potential list of similar terms will be used in indexing a given concept ;

This is true , but of no great significance since it is easy to modify the model developed above and make it immune from this particular criticism , while ensuring that all its important features are retained .
this is true , but of no great significance since it is easy to modify the model developed above and make it immune from this particular criticism , while [making sure] that all its important features are retained .

Maeve would be seeing to the barns , ensuring stock was slaughtered , the meat dried , salted and hung high in the kitchen to smoke , preserving it for the long winter months .
maeve would be seeing to the barns , [making sure] stock was slaughtered , the meat dried , salted and hung high in the kitchen to smoke , preserving it for the long winter months .

Since most sedimentation tubes are at least 2 m in height problems arise of ensuring static water , for such columns develop internal convection currents unless maintained in thermally stable conditions .
since most sedimentation tubes are at least 2 m in height problems arise of [making sure] static water , for such columns develop internal convection currents unless maintained in thermally stable conditions .

The Act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , thereby ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .
the act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , thereby [making sure] a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .

( also known as education social worker ) Education welfare officers liaise with Social Services Departments and are responsible for the general well-being of school children , not only ensuring that they attend school regularly but also dealing with grants , allowances and services which they may need to be able to attend ( e.g .
( also known as education social worker ) education welfare officers liaise with social services departments and are responsible for the general well-being of school children , not only [making sure] that they attend school regularly but also dealing with grants , allowances and services which they may need to be able to attend ( e.g .

The very primitive signalling systems available and the extreme difficulty of ensuring that any order was understood and obeyed were equally important obstacles in the way of an original or aggressive admiral .
the very primitive signalling systems available and the extreme difficulty of [making sure] that any order was understood and obeyed were equally important obstacles in the way of an original or aggressive admiral .

The Formalist strategy for dealing with the problem of definition not only had the virtue of ensuring that literature could not be reduced to anything else , but proved also to be immensely productive in the elaboration of every aspect of Formalist theory .
the formalist strategy for dealing with the problem of definition not only had the virtue of [making sure] that literature could not be reduced to anything else , but proved also to be immensely productive in the elaboration of every aspect of formalist theory .

She did n't give one jot about him , kiss or no kiss , and she was going to make that perfectly plain by ensuring that she did n't react to him at all .
she did n't give one jot about him , kiss or no kiss , and she was going to make that perfectly plain by [making sure] that she did n't react to him at all .

Ensuring a multicultural approach in schools is one way we can make sure children are aware of and respond positively to diversity .
[making sure] a multicultural approach in schools is one way we can make sure children are aware of and respond positively to diversity .

Difficulties are smoothed out for pupils by , for example , ensuring that awkward cases do not occur or that the numbers cancel or that the answer is not a fraction .
difficulties are smoothed out for pupils by , for example , [making sure] that awkward cases do not occur or that the numbers cancel or that the answer is not a fraction .

Thirdly , there are insurmountable difficulties in ensuring equal opportunities for all pupils , regardless of gender , or socio-economic and cultural background , because all assessment tasks are bound within a particular context and culture which will inevitably favour some pupils to the detriment of others .
thirdly , there are insurmountable difficulties in [making sure] equal opportunities for all pupils , regardless of gender , or socio-economic and cultural background , because all assessment tasks are bound within a particular context and culture which will inevitably favour some pupils to the detriment of others .

The procedures which voluntary bodies like ourselves have to follow to obtain small amounts of funding are so intimidating that one wonders whether the effort is worth while , because funding is only the beginning — we have to organise the supply of materials , hire or loan of equipment , payment for purchases , as well as getting the volunteers on and off site and ensuring the work is carried out properly .
the procedures which voluntary bodies like ourselves have to follow to obtain small amounts of funding are so intimidating that one wonders whether the effort is worth while , because funding is only the beginning — we have to organise the supply of materials , hire or loan of equipment , payment for purchases , as well as getting the volunteers on and off site and [making sure] the work is carried out properly .

Councillor Collinson is the owner of the local post office and general stores and it was agreed at the recent meeting of the Parish Council that this would be a good way of ensuring that the information pack was readily accessible by anyone wishing to consult it .
councillor collinson is the owner of the local post office and general stores and it was agreed at the recent meeting of the parish council that this would be a good way of [making sure] that the information pack was readily accessible by anyone wishing to consult it .

Parents , too , particularly when their freedom to choose and change their children 's school is a central tenet of the organization of post-1980 education , will feel less difficulty in understanding a school which is an effective competitor but which nevertheless co-operates with others for the sake of ensuring a wider curriculum .
parents , too , particularly when their freedom to choose and change their children 's school is a central tenet of the organization of post-1980 education , will feel less difficulty in understanding a school which is an effective competitor but which nevertheless co-operates with others for the sake of [making sure] a wider curriculum .

Avoiding long-drawn-out negotiations and yet ensuring that everyone is in the know is part of the task of governors .
avoiding long-drawn-out negotiations and yet [making sure] that everyone is in the know is part of the task of governors .

Management , in contrast , must be a continuing process — always ensuring that the best use is made of time , human resource and money , taking up some slack , reinforcing successful practices , reviewing the state of staff development and offering encouragement : `` Successful implementation needs continual support .
management , in contrast , must be a continuing process — always [making sure] that the best use is made of time , human resource and money , taking up some slack , reinforcing successful practices , reviewing the state of staff development and offering encouragement : `` successful implementation needs continual support .

By contrast , how is the primary school to manage what it is that passes to the secondary school ? If this were a simple and one-way movement , the answer would lie in ensuring that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible , that assessment records are accurate and that the pastoral record , if any , is both just and constructive .
by contrast , how is the primary school to manage what it is that passes to the secondary school ? if this were a simple and one-way movement , the answer would lie in [making sure] that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible , that assessment records are accurate and that the pastoral record , if any , is both just and constructive .

That can be ameliorated if the manager reduces uncertainty by turning to those sources of information — of every kind — which are essential for good organization and by ensuring that those who provide the information are reliable and responsive .
that can be ameliorated if the manager reduces uncertainty by turning to those sources of information — of every kind — which are essential for good organization and by [making sure] that those who provide the information are reliable and responsive .

Many of the items of management , quoted here from Landry already have a relevance to the management of that assurance ( Thompson and McHugh 1990:365 ) : There is a vital distinction to be made between `` management `` and those people who hold managerial positions , and `` management `` as an assortment of integrative functions which are necessary in any complex organization — planning , harmonising related processes , ensuring appropriate flows of information , matching resources to production needs , marketing , financial control and linking output to demand .
many of the items of management , quoted here from landry already have a relevance to the management of that assurance ( thompson and mchugh 1990:365 ) : there is a vital distinction to be made between `` management `` and those people who hold managerial positions , and `` management `` as an assortment of integrative functions which are necessary in any complex organization — planning , harmonising related processes , [making sure] appropriate flows of information , matching resources to production needs , marketing , financial control and linking output to demand .

On the manpower side , we will also direct our efforts to ensuring there is a highly skilled workforce available to meet the needs of existing Glasgow companies and those choosing to locate in the city .
on the manpower side , we will also direct our efforts to [making sure] there is a highly skilled workforce available to meet the needs of existing glasgow companies and those choosing to locate in the city .

The two main frontier posts with France — Irun-Hendaye at the western end of the Pyrenees , and Port Bou at the eastern extreme — remained in government hands , thus ensuring the Republic 's surface communications with its European neighbours .
the two main frontier posts with france — irun-hendaye at the western end of the pyrenees , and port bou at the eastern extreme — remained in government hands , thus [making sure] the republic 's surface communications with its european neighbours .

To hold the regime together , and maintain himself at its head , he manoeuvred not only to maximize his chances of material and territorial satisfaction , but also to avoid alienating from himself any of the factions within his regime , while , at the same time , bolstering his own hegemony by ensuring the persistence of competition between them .
to hold the regime together , and maintain himself at its head , he manoeuvred not only to maximize his chances of material and territorial satisfaction , but also to avoid alienating from himself any of the factions within his regime , while , at the same time , bolstering his own hegemony by [making sure] the persistence of competition between them .

The means of ensuring the imposition of law and order is necessary , but not sufficient , as a basis for the exercise of power in a democracy ; whereas , in a dictatorship such as Franco 's , it was not only necessary , but also sufficient .
the means of [making sure] the imposition of law and order is necessary , but not sufficient , as a basis for the exercise of power in a democracy ; whereas , in a dictatorship such as franco 's , it was not only necessary , but also sufficient .

This approach recognises the importance of starting from the interests and experiences of students , of encouraging active rather than passive roles and of ensuring that there is correspondence between the aims and learning outcomes of Personal and Social Development , and the processes through which the learning takes place .
this approach recognises the importance of starting from the interests and experiences of students , of encouraging active rather than passive roles and of [making sure] that there is correspondence between the aims and learning outcomes of personal and social development , and the processes through which the learning takes place .

The Government suggested that there is a clear public interest in ensuring that the statutory duties owed by unions to their membership in general are observed .
the government suggested that there is a clear public interest in [making sure] that the statutory duties owed by unions to their membership in general are observed .

Consequently , engineers have a primary role in ensuring that the risk management programme itself is managed as effectively as any other business activity .
consequently , engineers have a primary role in [making sure] that the risk management programme itself is managed as effectively as any other business activity .

To undertake the inspection of trading premises and the testing , verification , examination and sampling of equipment , goods , services , facilities and selling claims for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the legislation enforced .
to undertake the inspection of trading premises and the testing , verification , examination and sampling of equipment , goods , services , facilities and selling claims for the purpose of [making sure] compliance with the legislation enforced .

With plans formulated , Kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . As well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , Kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty
with plans formulated , kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . as well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by [making sure] that any existing trees or features of natural beauty

Wimpol remains totally committed to supporting you in the development of your career and , through suitable training , to ensuring that you play a full part in the company 's continued growth .
wimpol remains totally committed to supporting you in the development of your career and , through suitable training , to [making sure] that you play a full part in the company 's continued growth .

The imperial schism had its repercussions on the separate kingdoms of Europe with whom the pope kept up a ceaseless round of correspondence , despatching legatine missions in his concern for ensuring Christian rulership and furthering his policies .
the imperial schism had its repercussions on the separate kingdoms of europe with whom the pope kept up a ceaseless round of correspondence , despatching legatine missions in his concern for [making sure] christian rulership and furthering his policies .

As one of the United Kingdom 's leading institutions of Higher Education employing and educating considerable numbers of technicians , engineers and scientists , we naturally have to plan for our future , which includes ensuring that there will be adequate supplies of well educated technical and scientific employees in the years to come .
as one of the united kingdom 's leading institutions of higher education employing and educating considerable numbers of technicians , engineers and scientists , we naturally have to plan for our future , which includes [making sure] that there will be adequate supplies of well educated technical and scientific employees in the years to come .

Ensuring that scientists are accountable for the public funds they receive ;
[making sure] that scientists are accountable for the public funds they receive ;

Of course , one major problem is ensuring that the experimental and the control groups are as alike as possible in all relevant respects .
of course , one major problem is [making sure] that the experimental and the control groups are as alike as possible in all relevant respects .

It undertook to pass a law by Dec. 31 ensuring that Ukrainian conscripts served only on Ukrainian soil ; called for formation of a parliamentary commission to discuss nationalizing Communist Party assets ; asserted that the Ukraine would not enter into a new union treaty before a new constitution creating a sovereign Ukraine was drafted ; and called a referendum in 1991 `` on confidence in the Ukrainian President `` , the result of which would determine whether to hold fresh elections by the end of the year .
it undertook to pass a law by dec. 31 [making sure] that ukrainian conscripts served only on ukrainian soil ; called for formation of a parliamentary commission to discuss nationalizing communist party assets ; asserted that the ukraine would not enter into a new union treaty before a new constitution creating a sovereign ukraine was drafted ; and called a referendum in 1991 `` on confidence in the ukrainian president `` , the result of which would determine whether to hold fresh elections by the end of the year .

( 4 ) The Less Formal Township Establishment Bill would speed up the creation and approval of new settlements , mainly squatter camps and shanties , ensuring minimum facilities .
( 4 ) the less formal township establishment bill would speed up the creation and approval of new settlements , mainly squatter camps and shanties , [making sure] minimum facilities .

Israel , on the other hand , `` must really enjoy safe and recognized borders and the means of ensuring its security `` .
israel , on the other hand , `` must really enjoy safe and recognized borders and the means of [making sure] its security `` .

The President 's deputy and successor should the President be unable to complete a term of office ; nominated by the President ; given special responsibility for ensuring enforcement of presidential decrees throughout the country .
the president 's deputy and successor should the president be unable to complete a term of office ; nominated by the president ; given special responsibility for [making sure] enforcement of presidential decrees throughout the country .

The effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the Council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the Commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the European Parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .
the effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the european parliament ; detailed procedures [making sure] that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .

Despite his withdrawal , Perot had spent some $ 500,000 per month maintaining a skeleton campaign structure which included 64 offices across the country , and his supporters had filed petitions ensuring that his name had been included on the ballot in every state .
despite his withdrawal , perot had spent some $ 500,000 per month maintaining a skeleton campaign structure which included 64 offices across the country , and his supporters had filed petitions [making sure] that his name had been included on the ballot in every state .

In addition , the All-Party Student Unity group , which had played a central role in Ershad 's downfall , stationed groups across the country to assist Election Commission officials in ensuring peaceful and fair voting .
in addition , the all-party student unity group , which had played a central role in ershad 's downfall , stationed groups across the country to assist election commission officials in [making sure] peaceful and fair voting .

As the main purchasing authority , DHAs were given the responsibility for ensuring that the health care needs of their resident population were met .
as the main purchasing authority , dhas were given the responsibility for [making sure] that the health care needs of their resident population were met .

Bureaucratic hierarchies and the role cultures consistent with them are valuable for ensuring consistent reliable results under stable predictable conditions but can not cope with `` turbulent times `` ( Drucker 1981 ) .
bureaucratic hierarchies and the role cultures consistent with them are valuable for [making sure] consistent reliable results under stable predictable conditions but can not cope with `` turbulent times `` ( drucker 1981 ) .

This involves ensuring that staff gain an awareness of appropriate teaching , learning and assessment methods to allow enterprise skills to be developed and assessed .
this involves [making sure] that staff gain an awareness of appropriate teaching , learning and assessment methods to allow enterprise skills to be developed and assessed .

Feedback provided by your tutor is supposed to be helpful and constructive ( `` formative feedback `` ) , and you stand to gain most from having comments clarified — even deciphered — where necessary , and ensuring through discussion that you understand the general perspective from which criticisms or comments are made .
feedback provided by your tutor is supposed to be helpful and constructive ( `` formative feedback `` ) , and you stand to gain most from having comments clarified — even deciphered — where necessary , and [making sure] through discussion that you understand the general perspective from which criticisms or comments are made .

The first is that of ensuring that your reader knows which words are the technical terms .
the first is that of [making sure] that your reader knows which words are the technical terms .

The second , more difficult problem is that of ensuring that your reader understands what your technical terms mean .
the second , more difficult problem is that of [making sure] that your reader understands what your technical terms mean .

In a hotel , for example , this means ensuring that every employee — manager , housekeeper , waiters , porters , cleaners , and others — can be contacted at a moment 's notice and alerted to customers ' requirements .
in a hotel , for example , this means [making sure] that every employee — manager , housekeeper , waiters , porters , cleaners , and others — can be contacted at a moment 's notice and alerted to customers ' requirements .

By doing this , non-craft trained staff can repeat faithfully the correct cooking instructions thereby ensuring a monitor to due diligence and allowing greater management peace of mind .
by doing this , non-craft trained staff can repeat faithfully the correct cooking instructions thereby [making sure] a monitor to due diligence and allowing greater management peace of mind .

This entails the choice of the best pieces of equipment to perform the required function , ensuring that the flow of work and service is at its most economical .
this entails the choice of the best pieces of equipment to perform the required function , [making sure] that the flow of work and service is at its most economical .

In order to install systems such as that at the St Pierre Park , equipment manufacturers rely on a good relationship with their distributors , ensuring the best possible service at all times .
in order to install systems such as that at the st pierre park , equipment manufacturers rely on a good relationship with their distributors , [making sure] the best possible service at all times .

Apart from ensuring a balanced chamber , there is an extra benefit created by these functions — the guarantee of a clean oven chamber to prevent transfer of flavours and odours .
apart from [making sure] a balanced chamber , there is an extra benefit created by these functions — the guarantee of a clean oven chamber to prevent transfer of flavours and odours .

When baking in combination with the hot air mode , the touch of a button releases an instant cloud of moisture giving a smooth and glazed surface , and ensuring that the dough rises evenly .
when baking in combination with the hot air mode , the touch of a button releases an instant cloud of moisture giving a smooth and glazed surface , and [making sure] that the dough rises evenly .

It is also a crucial instrument when reheating , in ensuring that the correct temperatures are reached and that the food is safe for consumption .
it is also a crucial instrument when reheating , in [making sure] that the correct temperatures are reached and that the food is safe for consumption .

The Interministerial Council was an indispensable tool for keeping track of his own government and ensuring that it followed the line that he delivered from above .
the interministerial council was an indispensable tool for keeping track of his own government and [making sure] that it followed the line that he delivered from above .

Some centres are already devising innovative ways of responding to the opportunities offered by general SVQs , and we will be ensuring a wider audience for this kind of good practice throughout the pilot .
some centres are already devising innovative ways of responding to the opportunities offered by general svqs , and we will be [making sure] a wider audience for this kind of good practice throughout the pilot .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of [making sure] that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

( 9 ) For the purpose of ensuring that a transfer of Shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the Directors are empowered to require that a Transfer Notice be given or to resolve that a Transfer Notice be deemed to have been given the Directors may from time to time require any Member or past Member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any Member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the Company such information and evidence as the Directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .
( 9 ) for the purpose of [making sure] that a transfer of shares is duly authorised hereunder or that no circumstances have arisen whereby the directors are empowered to require that a transfer notice be given or to resolve that a transfer notice be deemed to have been given the directors may from time to time require any member or past member or the legal personal representatives , trustee in bankruptcy , liquidator , administrator or administrative receiver of any member or any person named as transferee in any instrument of transfer lodged for registration to furnish to the company such information and evidence as the directors may think fit regarding any matter which they may deem relevant to such purpose .

Training , ensuring staff and customers safety , relating to fire , food hygiene , and health and safety , will also be covered on induction , as well as an introduction to company policy with regard to these .
training , [making sure] staff and customers safety , relating to fire , food hygiene , and health and safety , will also be covered on induction , as well as an introduction to company policy with regard to these .

To appoint an Auditor for the ensuring year .
to appoint an auditor for the [making sure] year .

This would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .
this would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and [making sure] that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; [making sure] that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including [making sure] that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .

After a wait of about two hours we joined the long crocodile winding through corridors to the ballroom , with anxious ushers ensuring that we were all in the right order of presentation .
after a wait of about two hours we joined the long crocodile winding through corridors to the ballroom , with anxious ushers [making sure] that we were all in the right order of presentation .

Christine produced an updated list of subscribers and labels , but it was agreed that there was no means of ensuring that names were transferred safely and accurately from Edinburgh to Dunblane ( and vice versa ) .
christine produced an updated list of subscribers and labels , but it was agreed that there was no means of [making sure] that names were transferred safely and accurately from edinburgh to dunblane ( and vice versa ) .

The studies were undertaken under Home Office and University of Birmingham regulations ensuring the humane treatment of animals at all times .
the studies were undertaken under home office and university of birmingham regulations [making sure] the humane treatment of animals at all times .

It is important that a competent person is responsible for ensuring that policies on preventing exposure are put into practice and periodically reviewed .
it is important that a competent person is responsible for [making sure] that policies on preventing exposure are put into practice and periodically reviewed .

Participating gastroenterologists were asked to enrol eligible duodenal ulcer patients consecutively but none was permitted to enrol more than seven patients since the aim was to recruit patients over a short a time period as possible while ensuring that they were also drawn from many different parts of the country .
participating gastroenterologists were asked to enrol eligible duodenal ulcer patients consecutively but none was permitted to enrol more than seven patients since the aim was to recruit patients over a short a time period as possible while [making sure] that they were also drawn from many different parts of the country .

Biopsy tissues were fixed in buffered formalin and processed routinely through paraffin wax , ensuring optimal orientation at the embedding stage .
biopsy tissues were fixed in buffered formalin and processed routinely through paraffin wax , [making sure] optimal orientation at the embedding stage .

It meets at least every two months , setting and monitoring Group strategy , reviewing trading performance , ensuring adequate funding , examining major acquisition and joint venture possibilities , formulating policy on key issues and reporting to shareholders .
it meets at least every two months , setting and monitoring group strategy , reviewing trading performance , [making sure] adequate funding , examining major acquisition and joint venture possibilities , formulating policy on key issues and reporting to shareholders .

The Way Ahead Committee which is a joint Bar Council/Inns Council committee established ‘ to examine means of ensuring that the resources of the Bar and Inns are managed as effectively as possible for the benefit of the profession ’ ; and
the way ahead committee which is a joint bar council/inns council committee established ‘ to examine means of [making sure] that the resources of the bar and inns are managed as effectively as possible for the benefit of the profession ’ ; and

As with Northend School , then , for many staff the self-appraisal was very much a non-event . If a teacher had no direct responsibility for ensuring that anything was produced it tended to involve them only marginally :
as with northend school , then , for many staff the self-appraisal was very much a non-event . if a teacher had no direct responsibility for [making sure] that anything was produced it tended to involve them only marginally :

Whilst the self-appraisal might be viewed as the school 's attempt to defend its policies and practices , rather than to appraise itself , and to make a special case for extra resources and improved staffing , the inspection could be seen as a process of ensuring that the school was performing to an acceptable standard and that no serious problems existed in terms of teacher performance and in terms of resources needed to carry out the curriculum .
whilst the self-appraisal might be viewed as the school 's attempt to defend its policies and practices , rather than to appraise itself , and to make a special case for extra resources and improved staffing , the inspection could be seen as a process of [making sure] that the school was performing to an acceptable standard and that no serious problems existed in terms of teacher performance and in terms of resources needed to carry out the curriculum .

On the basis of what is revealed in this survey , there seems to be a very good case for ensuring a maximum involvement of all the teachers in a school in the whole process .
on the basis of what is revealed in this survey , there seems to be a very good case for [making sure] a maximum involvement of all the teachers in a school in the whole process .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for [making sure] that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .

By ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .
by [making sure] that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .

With so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system ensuring that the criteria are consistent and applied in the same order .
with so many parameters to consider , it is helpful to have a system [making sure] that the criteria are consistent and applied in the same order .

He does not do this by behaving as if it were his personal project , but by quietly ensuring that things get done as decided .
he does not do this by behaving as if it were his personal project , but by quietly [making sure] that things get done as decided .

The use of words to formulate ideas is a good discipline for ensuring that the ideas themselves are relevant , coherent and logically presented .
the use of words to formulate ideas is a good discipline for [making sure] that the ideas themselves are relevant , coherent and logically presented .

There may be legal , estimating , pricing , marketing , sales , financial control and other departments , depending on the size of the company , all with an interest and a responsibility for ensuring that the tender , if accepted , will benefit the company .
there may be legal , estimating , pricing , marketing , sales , financial control and other departments , depending on the size of the company , all with an interest and a responsibility for [making sure] that the tender , if accepted , will benefit the company .

As the effect is due to lack of information rather than any hard evidence of the situation , it can be removed by ensuring that everyone knows where the resources have been allocated and why .
as the effect is due to lack of information rather than any hard evidence of the situation , it can be removed by [making sure] that everyone knows where the resources have been allocated and why .

In a larger organization the resources controller can be of great use in ensuring that the original requests for resources do not add up to much more than is available , in preparing and circulating the form in its agenda stage , then collecting the decisions at the meeting , entering them on the form alongside the requests and recirculating it .
in a larger organization the resources controller can be of great use in [making sure] that the original requests for resources do not add up to much more than is available , in preparing and circulating the form in its agenda stage , then collecting the decisions at the meeting , entering them on the form alongside the requests and recirculating it .

Feedback and feedforward are two methods of ensuring that all three come together .
feedback and feedforward are two methods of [making sure] that all three come together .

It may be the only method of ensuring this , as when a completely new requirement arises bearing no relation to current practice in the company .
it may be the only method of [making sure] this , as when a completely new requirement arises bearing no relation to current practice in the company .

It appeared last night that some of the staff entitled to 10 to 15 per cent of the shares might not take them up , but all the key board members will , thus ensuring the success of the scheme .
it appeared last night that some of the staff entitled to 10 to 15 per cent of the shares might not take them up , but all the key board members will , thus [making sure] the success of the scheme .

Successive generations of politicians , civil servants , judges and philosophers reared on a meagre intellectual diet of pragmatic utilitarianism and positivism had firmly rejected these ideas as a basis for ensuring constitutional government and citizens ' rights .
successive generations of politicians , civil servants , judges and philosophers reared on a meagre intellectual diet of pragmatic utilitarianism and positivism had firmly rejected these ideas as a basis for [making sure] constitutional government and citizens ' rights .

For on that Saturday Mr Pozsgay organised a radio interview to tell the world that a party committee working under him had come to the conclusion that 1956 had been a popular uprising , thus ensuring that the terms of reference in Hungarian politics would never be the same again .
for on that saturday mr pozsgay organised a radio interview to tell the world that a party committee working under him had come to the conclusion that 1956 had been a popular uprising , thus [making sure] that the terms of reference in hungarian politics would never be the same again .

Then the criteria which would ensure the spread of some trait — say sharp teeth — in a population would be identical to those ensuring the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase ‘ fitness ’ ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .
then the criteria which would ensure the spread of some trait — say sharp teeth — in a population would be identical to those [making sure] the spread of a gene causing that trait : if sharp teeth increase ‘ fitness ’ ( that is , chances of survival and reproduction ) , then genes causing teeth to be sharp will increase in frequency .

Spurgeon 's was the greatest single influence in ensuring that the Greeks were never totally defeated .
spurgeon 's was the greatest single influence in [making sure] that the greeks were never totally defeated .

It is also true to say that the minister ( man or woman ) is central in ensuring that the funeral service is a memorable event for the family by helping them to begin to understand their grief in the context of the church 's care for them .
it is also true to say that the minister ( man or woman ) is central in [making sure] that the funeral service is a memorable event for the family by helping them to begin to understand their grief in the context of the church 's care for them .

The ‘ Hitler myth ’ and terror were in this sense two indispensable sides of the same coin , ensuring political control and mobilization behind the regime .
the ‘ hitler myth ’ and terror were in this sense two indispensable sides of the same coin , [making sure] political control and mobilization behind the regime .

There were internal arguments about the honouring of martyrs and about the proper way of ensuring that the honours did not become confused with old heathen practices , such as offering food and wine at the tombs of ancestors . In Carthage an inveterate schism ( Donatism ) originated when a devout and wealthy lady who treasured the relic of a martyr was rebuked for lavishing kisses on it at the commemoration of the faithful departed at the eucharist ; ‘ she went off in a huff
there were internal arguments about the honouring of martyrs and about the proper way of [making sure] that the honours did not become confused with old heathen practices , such as offering food and wine at the tombs of ancestors . in carthage an inveterate schism ( donatism ) originated when a devout and wealthy lady who treasured the relic of a martyr was rebuked for lavishing kisses on it at the commemoration of the faithful departed at the eucharist ; ‘ she went off in a huff

The monetary role enabled the coin to function properly as a coin by ensuring that it circulated smoothly and without interruption .
the monetary role enabled the coin to function properly as a coin by [making sure] that it circulated smoothly and without interruption .

Concentrating on fat reduction in food is one of the best ways of ensuring a good weight loss .
concentrating on fat reduction in food is one of the best ways of [making sure] a good weight loss .

Thousands of ostraka have been dug up , the most famous being a batch of 191 with Themistocles 's name inscribed on them by only four separate hands — either fraud or an anti-Themistocles hit squad ensuring that the illiterate did not miss the chance to vote .
thousands of ostraka have been dug up , the most famous being a batch of 191 with themistocles 's name inscribed on them by only four separate hands — either fraud or an anti-themistocles hit squad [making sure] that the illiterate did not miss the chance to vote .

The Boundary Commission should be set to work immediately and told to report in time for new constituencies to be in place for the next election — to bring fair representation across the United Kingdom , ensuring that a vote in Scotland is no longer worth more than one in England , or a vote in one constituency worth more than one in another .
the boundary commission should be set to work immediately and told to report in time for new constituencies to be in place for the next election — to bring fair representation across the united kingdom , [making sure] that a vote in scotland is no longer worth more than one in england , or a vote in one constituency worth more than one in another .

Mr Major now has the opportunity to demonstrate his commitment to ‘ caring Conservatism ’ by ensuring that the opening of services to market disciplines is not at the expense of adequate funding .
mr major now has the opportunity to demonstrate his commitment to ‘ caring conservatism ’ by [making sure] that the opening of services to market disciplines is not at the expense of adequate funding .

In terms of the Midlands ' representation in the Premier League the game was wasted as Notts County 's victory is unlikely to save them while the three points would have gone a long way to ensuring Coventry 's place .
in terms of the midlands ' representation in the premier league the game was wasted as notts county 's victory is unlikely to save them while the three points would have gone a long way to [making sure] coventry 's place .

His first years in government were spent in the Whips ' Office , where he was schooled in the importance of ensuring that all interests were taken into account .
his first years in government were spent in the whips ' office , where he was schooled in the importance of [making sure] that all interests were taken into account .

These objectives could be achieved by ensuring that no member of the family is ever capable of alienating the fee simple .
these objectives could be achieved by [making sure] that no member of the family is ever capable of alienating the fee simple .

Ensuring the security of the British Isles .
[making sure] the security of the british isles .

The British Government had every right to expect uninhibited American support in ensuring the success of this impracticable settlement : it was not forthcoming .
the british government had every right to expect uninhibited american support in [making sure] the success of this impracticable settlement : it was not forthcoming .

Only by ensuring that safety and reliability were maintained could public confidence be restored .
only by [making sure] that safety and reliability were maintained could public confidence be restored .

Pearce encapsulates it as each generation ensuring that it passes on to the next an undiminished stock of assets , including environmental as well as man-made capital .
pearce encapsulates it as each generation [making sure] that it passes on to the next an undiminished stock of assets , including environmental as well as man-made capital .

Mostly we do this by ensuring that our client gets to talk to the decision-takers .
mostly we do this by [making sure] that our client gets to talk to the decision-takers .

He proved the point again this time , first by personally ensuring that the Alliance ( of three pretty diverse parties ) was formed at all , then by drawing huge crowds on his six election stomps through East Germany .
he proved the point again this time , first by personally [making sure] that the alliance ( of three pretty diverse parties ) was formed at all , then by drawing huge crowds on his six election stomps through east germany .

It provides a series of rules and techniques for ensuring that each piece of information is stored in only one place in the database .
it provides a series of rules and techniques for [making sure] that each piece of information is stored in only one place in the database .

Workers do not reproduce , so to propagate their genes they must protect their nest , thus ensuring that the queen — their relative — can reproduce copiously .
workers do not reproduce , so to propagate their genes they must protect their nest , thus [making sure] that the queen — their relative — can reproduce copiously .

Mexico solved the problem by ensuring that any banks that tried to ride free would lose everything .
mexico solved the problem by [making sure] that any banks that tried to ride free would lose everything .

His basic task was ensuring that his company did not run out of money .
his basic task was [making sure] that his company did not run out of money .

Although the aims of the charter are laudable , ensuring adequate social security , the right of employees to join a union and the right to strike , among other things , they could be unworkable if one assumes that some closer links between the emerging countries of the Eastern bloc and the West — including German reunification .
although the aims of the charter are laudable , [making sure] adequate social security , the right of employees to join a union and the right to strike , among other things , they could be unworkable if one assumes that some closer links between the emerging countries of the eastern bloc and the west — including german reunification .

The Praesidium , headed by President Gorbachev , said many of these laws were aimed at strengthening the ‘ economic and political independence and ensuring the rights and freedoms of citizens ’ .
the praesidium , headed by president gorbachev , said many of these laws were aimed at strengthening the ‘ economic and political independence and [making sure] the rights and freedoms of citizens ’ .

The Praesidium , headed by President Gorbachev , said many of these laws were aimed at strengthening the ‘ economic and political independence and ensuring the rights and freedoms of citizens ’ .
the praesidium , headed by president gorbachev , said many of these laws were aimed at strengthening the ‘ economic and political independence and [making sure] the rights and freedoms of citizens ’ .

With cunning recording balance ensuring that there is no lack of warmth or weight in the choral sound , this is a more relaxed account of the St Cecilia Day Ode , and is well coupled with two of the other Queen Mary Birthday Odes , the first two , dating from 1690 and 1691 .
with cunning recording balance [making sure] that there is no lack of warmth or weight in the choral sound , this is a more relaxed account of the st cecilia day ode , and is well coupled with two of the other queen mary birthday odes , the first two , dating from 1690 and 1691 .

The fellowship welcomed the Government 's white paper , said Ms Weleminsky , and its commitment to ensuring patients are assessed before leaving hospital , and the responsibility given health authorities and local authorities to meet needs .
the fellowship welcomed the government 's white paper , said ms weleminsky , and its commitment to [making sure] patients are assessed before leaving hospital , and the responsibility given health authorities and local authorities to meet needs .

But , by keeping him on as State Secretary , Mr Yeltsin is ensuring that his trusted colleague from his days as Communist Party chief in Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) remains firmly in charge of all presidential structures .
but , by keeping him on as state secretary , mr yeltsin is [making sure] that his trusted colleague from his days as communist party chief in sverdlovsk ( now yekaterinburg ) remains firmly in charge of all presidential structures .

There is therefore massive judicial involvement in policy making , yet little incentive for anyone to analyse and tackle the problems of the system as a whole , ensuring that accountability in such a system is impossible .
there is therefore massive judicial involvement in policy making , yet little incentive for anyone to analyse and tackle the problems of the system as a whole , [making sure] that accountability in such a system is impossible .

Most menus offer a choice of continental and traditional British dishes from seafood and steak to pasta and paella , ensuring all tastes are catered for .
most menus offer a choice of continental and traditional british dishes from seafood and steak to pasta and paella , [making sure] all tastes are catered for .

The welcoming staff of this Scandinavian hotel are efficient and helpful , ensuring your holiday runs smoothly and the fun and relaxation never stop .
the welcoming staff of this scandinavian hotel are efficient and helpful , [making sure] your holiday runs smoothly and the fun and relaxation never stop .

We accept responsibility for ensuring that all component parts of the inclusive holiday which you book with us are supplied to you as described in this brochure and to a reasonable standard .
we accept responsibility for [making sure] that all component parts of the inclusive holiday which you book with us are supplied to you as described in this brochure and to a reasonable standard .

Part of the proceeds of a Credit is transferred to a second beneficiary ( or to more than one second beneficiary ) who presents his documents to the advising bank whereupon the first beneficiary substitutes his invoices and claims a larger amount thus ensuring he receives his share of the proceeds .
part of the proceeds of a credit is transferred to a second beneficiary ( or to more than one second beneficiary ) who presents his documents to the advising bank whereupon the first beneficiary substitutes his invoices and claims a larger amount thus [making sure] he receives his share of the proceeds .

Ensuring a decent income for all
[making sure] a decent income for all

Ensuring citizens ' rights and opportunities
[making sure] citizens ' rights and opportunities

Environmental priorities must be built into all economic decision-making , ensuring that economic success goes hand in hand with environmental responsibility .
environmental priorities must be built into all economic decision-making , [making sure] that economic success goes hand in hand with environmental responsibility .

We will introduce rights for customers of all financial institutions , ensuring they are fully informed when changes are made which do or might affect them .
we will introduce rights for customers of all financial institutions , [making sure] they are fully informed when changes are made which do or might affect them .

We will clean up beaches and coastlines by ensuring full treatment of sewage .
we will clean up beaches and coastlines by [making sure] full treatment of sewage .

We will use market mechanisms , where feasible , to reduce pollution by ensuring that environmental costs and benefits are fed into the economy .
we will use market mechanisms , where feasible , to reduce pollution by [making sure] that environmental costs and benefits are fed into the economy .

We will increase the number of monitoring stations , ensuring that all major urban areas are covered .
we will increase the number of monitoring stations , [making sure] that all major urban areas are covered .

We will review the charitable status of independent schools with the intention of ensuring that the benefits of charitable status are only awarded to those institutions that make a genuine contribution to the wider community .
we will review the charitable status of independent schools with the intention of [making sure] that the benefits of charitable status are only awarded to those institutions that make a genuine contribution to the wider community .

Ensuring a decent income for all
[making sure] a decent income for all

Maintain Britain 's leading role in the fight against drug abuse in sport , ensuring adequate funding for testing programmes and education campaigns directed at participants .
maintain britain 's leading role in the fight against drug abuse in sport , [making sure] adequate funding for testing programmes and education campaigns directed at participants .

The creation of Scottish , Welsh and English regional Parliaments therefore goes hand in hand with the promotion of more European cooperation and partnership , ensuring access to power for individuals and their communities right across Europe .
the creation of scottish , welsh and english regional parliaments therefore goes hand in hand with the promotion of more european cooperation and partnership , [making sure] access to power for individuals and their communities right across europe .

Reform and strengthen local government , removing unnecessary tiers , restoring councils ' independence and ensuring they are accountable to the people through a fair voting system .
reform and strengthen local government , removing unnecessary tiers , restoring councils ' independence and [making sure] they are accountable to the people through a fair voting system .

Ensuring citizens ' rights and opportunities
[making sure] citizens ' rights and opportunities

It helps the organisation to anticipate and minimise difficulties , especially in potentially complex situations , by ensuring that careful consideration has been given to alternative courses of action .
it helps the organisation to anticipate and minimise difficulties , especially in potentially complex situations , by [making sure] that careful consideration has been given to alternative courses of action .

Close to the customer : ensuring that the products and services provided are those which are actually required .
close to the customer : [making sure] that the products and services provided are those which are actually required .

Stick to the knitting : identifying that which is done best and ensuring that every aspect of management is geared to maintaining it .
stick to the knitting : identifying that which is done best and [making sure] that every aspect of management is geared to maintaining it .

Ensuring that individuals have the knowledge and skills to work effectively .
[making sure] that individuals have the knowledge and skills to work effectively .

The significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . The qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :
the significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst [making sure] maximum ability to complete the task . the qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :

We will transform transport policy by ensuring , for the first time , that all road , railway , aviation , shipping and inland waterways projects are judged on the basis of their environmental , social and economic impact .
we will transform transport policy by [making sure] , for the first time , that all road , railway , aviation , shipping and inland waterways projects are judged on the basis of their environmental , social and economic impact .

These gates move in vertical grooves , with suitable means for ensuring a watertight closure .
these gates move in vertical grooves , with suitable means for [making sure] a watertight closure .

The Department of the Environment designated the site as an Ancient Monument in 1973 thus ensuring that no further dismantling can take place .
the department of the environment designated the site as an ancient monument in 1973 thus [making sure] that no further dismantling can take place .

Dense nesting arises either because the chosen sites are small or because high levels of social stimulation are advantageous in ensuring breeding synchronicity in short optimal breeding seasons .
dense nesting arises either because the chosen sites are small or because high levels of social stimulation are advantageous in [making sure] breeding synchronicity in short optimal breeding seasons .

We are ensuring that the regulators have the powers they need to promote competition and safeguard the interests of the customer by controlling price increases .
we are [making sure] that the regulators have the powers they need to promote competition and safeguard the interests of the customer by controlling price increases .

We will consider proposals for a new system of rebates to come into effect from April 1996 with the aim of ensuring that personal pensions remain attractive across the age range .
we will consider proposals for a new system of rebates to come into effect from april 1996 with the aim of [making sure] that personal pensions remain attractive across the age range .

We will back the work of the Broadcasting Standards Council and remain vigilant about ensuring high standards in satellite broadcasts from abroad .
we will back the work of the broadcasting standards council and remain vigilant about [making sure] high standards in satellite broadcasts from abroad .

Re-assemble the tap , ensuring the controller is fully tightened .
re-assemble the tap , [making sure] the controller is fully tightened .

You will be held responsible for ensuring that all work adheres to regulations .
you will be held responsible for [making sure] that all work adheres to regulations .

The second tool is a small spirit level , invaluable for ensuring that you fix things like shelves and curtain tracks to a true horizontal .
the second tool is a small spirit level , invaluable for [making sure] that you fix things like shelves and curtain tracks to a true horizontal .

Legal & General is committed to ensuring that you are treated in a well-informed manner … with fairness , with courtesy and with a respect for your insurance needs .
legal & general is committed to [making sure] that you are treated in a well-informed manner … with fairness , with courtesy and with a respect for your insurance needs .

While you 're in hospital , a guaranteed additional daily income will go a long way to ensuring that you do n't come out of hospital with financial worries .
while you 're in hospital , a guaranteed additional daily income will go a long way to [making sure] that you do n't come out of hospital with financial worries .

ensuring that subordinates communicate with you
[making sure] that subordinates communicate with you

Ensuring that control information which assesses how well subordinates are doing , is available to them . The data should preferably be devised by the subordinates
[making sure] that control information which assesses how well subordinates are doing , is available to them . the data should preferably be devised by the subordinates

ensuring that it is on the agenda of various organizational meetings and is discussed systematically and in depth .
[making sure] that it is on the agenda of various organizational meetings and is discussed systematically and in depth .

There is also the preparation and circulation of papers before and afterwards , the arrangements to notify people , ensuring that rooms are booked and tables are laid out properly and so on .
there is also the preparation and circulation of papers before and afterwards , the arrangements to notify people , [making sure] that rooms are booked and tables are laid out properly and so on .

If it is to function as well as it possibly can , the body has several basic needs — nutrition , exercise , relaxation , sleep and so on — but , because of the hectic pace of twentieth century life , not enough attention is paid to ensuring that these needs are met .
if it is to function as well as it possibly can , the body has several basic needs — nutrition , exercise , relaxation , sleep and so on — but , because of the hectic pace of twentieth century life , not enough attention is paid to [making sure] that these needs are met .

If , like many people , you simply feel that you are ‘ a bit run down ’ or not as full of zest for life as you would wish , perhaps you could try ensuring that your diet contains all the nutrients essential for true well-being .
if , like many people , you simply feel that you are ‘ a bit run down ’ or not as full of zest for life as you would wish , perhaps you could try [making sure] that your diet contains all the nutrients essential for true well-being .

• We will be briefing MPs , making sure they have accurate information , and ensuring that the ‘ Peace Dividend ’ is a major issue at all the political party conferences .
• we will be briefing mps , making sure they have accurate information , and [making sure] that the ‘ peace dividend ’ is a major issue at all the political party conferences .

In our experiments , subjects had to be more heroic since they had an identical ‘ snack ’ of milk , salt solution , a plain biscuit , and orange squash every hour — a way of ensuring an adequate but non-rhythmic intake of fluid and salts during the experiment .
in our experiments , subjects had to be more heroic since they had an identical ‘ snack ’ of milk , salt solution , a plain biscuit , and orange squash every hour — a way of [making sure] an adequate but non-rhythmic intake of fluid and salts during the experiment .

Ensuring that the glazing of such new openings is kept well back from the external face of the walls ( at least 225mm ( 9in ) ) has meant that reflection has been minimised and the ‘ black hole ’ unglazed-opening appearance of apertures in traditional barns has been recreated .
[making sure] that the glazing of such new openings is kept well back from the external face of the walls ( at least 225mm ( 9in ) ) has meant that reflection has been minimised and the ‘ black hole ’ unglazed-opening appearance of apertures in traditional barns has been recreated .

The upper floors of the storage shed were also at inconvenient levels and the discovery of wholesale decay in this joisted construction supported a policy of removing these elements and replacing them with a new upper-floor set at a level which could be extended into the roundels to give adequate headroom in the new ground-storey rooms , while ensuring that the four upper-storey bedrooms located in these projections had a sufficiently deep vertical wall surface to accommodate conventional windows .
the upper floors of the storage shed were also at inconvenient levels and the discovery of wholesale decay in this joisted construction supported a policy of removing these elements and replacing them with a new upper-floor set at a level which could be extended into the roundels to give adequate headroom in the new ground-storey rooms , while [making sure] that the four upper-storey bedrooms located in these projections had a sufficiently deep vertical wall surface to accommodate conventional windows .

Elsewhere in Catterick that day , another member of the team , Warrant Officer Dunston was busy ensuring that the enormous catering support required by the 1st Battalion The Green Howards for their tercentenary celebrations was running smoothly .
elsewhere in catterick that day , another member of the team , warrant officer dunston was busy [making sure] that the enormous catering support required by the 1st battalion the green howards for their tercentenary celebrations was running smoothly .

She made a point of ensuring that others did not disturb him when he was at his books , even though it was not always a rule that she was able to keep herself .
she made a point of [making sure] that others did not disturb him when he was at his books , even though it was not always a rule that she was able to keep herself .

The production policy followed by Sir Oswald Stoll , a leading figure in the vaudeville world , was an imitation of Hollywood pursued with the aim of maximizing productivity and ensuring a steady supply of films for his distribution setup .
the production policy followed by sir oswald stoll , a leading figure in the vaudeville world , was an imitation of hollywood pursued with the aim of maximizing productivity and [making sure] a steady supply of films for his distribution setup .

This aesthetic refusal went along with an unwillingness to develop a strategy for ensuring a continued capacity to make their sort of films .
this aesthetic refusal went along with an unwillingness to develop a strategy for [making sure] a continued capacity to make their sort of films .

We are not concerned with any bridges being built in South Africa so much as ensuring that our own are not destroyed .
we are not concerned with any bridges being built in south africa so much as [making sure] that our own are not destroyed .

Since our beliefs strongly influence our actions , getting them right is socially very important , and therefore the freedom to question received wisdom , especially in fields that affect the behaviour of large numbers of people is , indeed , in the liberal view , a hugely important means , if not a vital precondition , of ensuring that ‘ the interests of weaker individuals and groups ’ are not harmed by ‘ the irresponsible attitudes and actions of the more powerful ’ .
since our beliefs strongly influence our actions , getting them right is socially very important , and therefore the freedom to question received wisdom , especially in fields that affect the behaviour of large numbers of people is , indeed , in the liberal view , a hugely important means , if not a vital precondition , of [making sure] that ‘ the interests of weaker individuals and groups ’ are not harmed by ‘ the irresponsible attitudes and actions of the more powerful ’ .

The worth of individual pieces is , obviously , very various ; consistent is the appeal to piety , ensuring that the elevated theme produces a warm-hearted response .
the worth of individual pieces is , obviously , very various ; consistent is the appeal to piety , [making sure] that the elevated theme produces a warm-hearted response .

The illustrator Cecil Aldin developed a romantic Dickensian view of the coaching inn in the 1920 , which must have been influential in ensuring that ‘ Brewers ’ Georgian ’ was a favoured style .
the illustrator cecil aldin developed a romantic dickensian view of the coaching inn in the 1920 , which must have been influential in [making sure] that ‘ brewers ’ georgian ’ was a favoured style .

Cracking in dry weather can be prevented by mulching and ensuring there is a good ground cover .
cracking in dry weather can be prevented by mulching and [making sure] there is a good ground cover .

• Water regularly , ensuring the compost/soil never dries out .
• water regularly , [making sure] the compost/soil never dries out .

Good soil husbandry can help prevent many of the conditions favourable to pests by ensuring steady growth , hence the importance of improving poor drainage and fertility .
good soil husbandry can help prevent many of the conditions favourable to pests by [making sure] steady growth , hence the importance of improving poor drainage and fertility .

The most common cause of serious accidents on wire launches is making a snap decision to turn off for a 360° turn without ensuring that there is enough speed .
the most common cause of serious accidents on wire launches is making a snap decision to turn off for a 360° turn without [making sure] that there is enough speed .

Mobility training is not about improving flexibility - it is about ensuring a smooth action throughout the range of movement .
mobility training is not about improving flexibility - it is about [making sure] a smooth action throughout the range of movement .

Practise stepping quickly from one stance into another , always ensuring that at least the width of a fist separates your leading guards .
practise stepping quickly from one stance into another , always [making sure] that at least the width of a fist separates your leading guards .

As Buckley points out , it is also the rough who penetrate the virgin city — the British fleet , breaking the boom across the river to bring food supplies to the stricken protestants within and ensuring the city 's survival and the faithful people 's triumph .
as buckley points out , it is also the rough who penetrate the virgin city — the british fleet , breaking the boom across the river to bring food supplies to the stricken protestants within and [making sure] the city 's survival and the faithful people 's triumph .

Mr Clark said legislation ensuring re-inspection could come into force within the next few years and he warned that it could result in hotels being prosecuted if they contravened their Fire Certificates .
mr clark said legislation [making sure] re-inspection could come into force within the next few years and he warned that it could result in hotels being prosecuted if they contravened their fire certificates .

Use them to the full to guarantee the effective use of your computer system by ensuring staff are aware of its potential .
use them to the full to guarantee the effective use of your computer system by [making sure] staff are aware of its potential .

It is worth ensuring that kitchen staff are not tempted to leave the dirty cutlery soaking until morning .
it is worth [making sure] that kitchen staff are not tempted to leave the dirty cutlery soaking until morning .

He also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ Food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’
he also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to [making sure] food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’

In the simple game of Prisoner 's Dilemma , there is no way of ensuring trust .
in the simple game of prisoner 's dilemma , there is no way of [making sure] trust .

This , and the fact that the Hayes Society tended to be a rather secretive body , lent it much mystique for a time , ensuring that the pronouncements it occasionally issued on professional matters were received as though hewn on tablets of stone .
this , and the fact that the hayes society tended to be a rather secretive body , lent it much mystique for a time , [making sure] that the pronouncements it occasionally issued on professional matters were received as though hewn on tablets of stone .

Our Prime Minister of that time , Mr Lloyd George , had called for another great conference to be held in Italy in the spring of 1922 , and initially his lordship 's aim was to organize a gathering at Darlington Hall with a view to ensuring a satisfactory outcome to this event .
our prime minister of that time , mr lloyd george , had called for another great conference to be held in italy in the spring of 1922 , and initially his lordship 's aim was to organize a gathering at darlington hall with a view to [making sure] a satisfactory outcome to this event .

If he farms near a town he may be able to buy , still very cheaply , municipal compost and sewage sludge , ensuring beforehand that they do not contain poisonous mineral residues such as lead .
if he farms near a town he may be able to buy , still very cheaply , municipal compost and sewage sludge , [making sure] beforehand that they do not contain poisonous mineral residues such as lead .

Barn-drying is a safe method of ensuring high-quality hay , and is to be recommended in the wetter parts of the country .
barn-drying is a safe method of [making sure] high-quality hay , and is to be recommended in the wetter parts of the country .

When planning a rotation , it is very helpful to draw up a long-term scheme and dovetail the various crops into the seasons , at the same time ensuring that each field comes into the rotation in its turn and is then put back in grass to build up fertility for the requisite period .
when planning a rotation , it is very helpful to draw up a long-term scheme and dovetail the various crops into the seasons , at the same time [making sure] that each field comes into the rotation in its turn and is then put back in grass to build up fertility for the requisite period .

Now Wedgwood generously agreed to waive the buy-back clause in return for a series of covenants ensuring that the house would be restored and looked after in the future .
now wedgwood generously agreed to waive the buy-back clause in return for a series of covenants [making sure] that the house would be restored and looked after in the future .

What counts in cases such as this is ensuring continued pressure and publicity at national level , while also working with a local group , which can keep up pressure on the spot by stirring up the interest of local authorities and the regional branch of the National Trust .
what counts in cases such as this is [making sure] continued pressure and publicity at national level , while also working with a local group , which can keep up pressure on the spot by stirring up the interest of local authorities and the regional branch of the national trust .

However , the Historic Buildings Council for Scotland has increasingly been able to give some very substantial grants towards churches , ensuring that churches faced with closure because of a repairs crisis have been able to continue in use .
however , the historic buildings council for scotland has increasingly been able to give some very substantial grants towards churches , [making sure] that churches faced with closure because of a repairs crisis have been able to continue in use .

You 're concerned with ensuring — and insuring — VIPs ' security against kidnapping ?
you 're concerned with [making sure] — and insuring — vips ' security against kidnapping ?

There she faced the challenge of developing a new form based on the realities around her and through her caring spirit and love in serving others , encouraged around her a vibrant movement , ensuring her the title of Mother of Jamaican Art .
there she faced the challenge of developing a new form based on the realities around her and through her caring spirit and love in serving others , encouraged around her a vibrant movement , [making sure] her the title of mother of jamaican art .

It is a measure of Quisling 's obstinacy that he was back as ‘ premier ’ — albeit the puppet of Reichskommissar Josef Terboven — within two years , thus ensuring that he shared the guilt for the occupation war-crimes for which he was duly shot in 1945 .
it is a measure of quisling 's obstinacy that he was back as ‘ premier ’ — albeit the puppet of reichskommissar josef terboven — within two years , thus [making sure] that he shared the guilt for the occupation war-crimes for which he was duly shot in 1945 .

As part of our service we attend to all the legalities therefore ensuring the return of your property to you .
as part of our service we attend to all the legalities therefore [making sure] the return of your property to you .

As the son of a school-inspector and a typical representative of the pre-Soviet intelligentsia , Lenin was torn between the conflicting needs of creating a politically and culturally conscious nation as fast as possible , yet at the same time ensuring that vulgarized , superficial agitation did not become a substitute for thoroughgoing education on a broad base .
as the son of a school-inspector and a typical representative of the pre-soviet intelligentsia , lenin was torn between the conflicting needs of creating a politically and culturally conscious nation as fast as possible , yet at the same time [making sure] that vulgarized , superficial agitation did not become a substitute for thoroughgoing education on a broad base .

The press department is responsible for ensuring that records are sent to all major reviewers , as well as placing and arranging artists ' feature articles and interviews in appropriate publications .
the press department is responsible for [making sure] that records are sent to all major reviewers , as well as placing and arranging artists ' feature articles and interviews in appropriate publications .

Having signed the new artist , spent time ensuring everything is right and finally gone into the studio to produce ‘ the ’ single , the record company puts its wares out for everyone to hear . How will the public like it ? Will the radio play it ? Will it be a record that clubs get behind , or will the act become favourites with the media and no one else ?
having signed the new artist , spent time [making sure] everything is right and finally gone into the studio to produce ‘ the ’ single , the record company puts its wares out for everyone to hear . how will the public like it ? will the radio play it ? will it be a record that clubs get behind , or will the act become favourites with the media and no one else ?

He then built a machine for the piano which had a series of lights which went on and off ensuring that you played the right note — without ever having to understand what a sharp or a flat was .
he then built a machine for the piano which had a series of lights which went on and off [making sure] that you played the right note — without ever having to understand what a sharp or a flat was .

Marketing Boards have been an instrument favoured by most African governments as a means of ensuring that farmers have an outlet for their crops , and that urban consumers pay for basic foodstuffs at a controlled , often subsidized , price .
marketing boards have been an instrument favoured by most african governments as a means of [making sure] that farmers have an outlet for their crops , and that urban consumers pay for basic foodstuffs at a controlled , often subsidized , price .

The Bank men , their first-class tickets ensuring a place at the front of the queue for immigration formalities , wasted no time in getting through the airport and were quickly ferried by car along the narrow road into the city .
the bank men , their first-class tickets [making sure] a place at the front of the queue for immigration formalities , wasted no time in getting through the airport and were quickly ferried by car along the narrow road into the city .

The amendment by an expatriate Scot , George Cunningham ( Labour , Islington ) , by ensuring that a 40 per cent vote of the electorate ( not simply of those voting ) would have to be achieved for a devolution bill to go through and for a repeal order not to be tabled , made devolution , at least for Wales , virtually an impossibility .
the amendment by an expatriate scot , george cunningham ( labour , islington ) , by [making sure] that a 40 per cent vote of the electorate ( not simply of those voting ) would have to be achieved for a devolution bill to go through and for a repeal order not to be tabled , made devolution , at least for wales , virtually an impossibility .

Coverage of all kinds can be both favourable and unfavourable — no matter whether politicians are in government or in opposition — and politicians themselves must bear the prime responsibility for ensuring that when they do get access to the media they present their own case well .
coverage of all kinds can be both favourable and unfavourable — no matter whether politicians are in government or in opposition — and politicians themselves must bear the prime responsibility for [making sure] that when they do get access to the media they present their own case well .

The State then becomes necessary because in The Origin as in the other works it is revealed as being one of the mechanisms for ensuring the continuing domination of the higher classes .
the state then becomes necessary because in the origin as in the other works it is revealed as being one of the mechanisms for [making sure] the continuing domination of the higher classes .

Mr Ridley 's ‘ mindedness ’ to allow Foxley Wood depended on his view that it was a sounder way of ensuring Hampshire 's share of new housing in the South-east than the county 's own thinking , which assumed finding dozens of smaller sites .
mr ridley 's ‘ mindedness ’ to allow foxley wood depended on his view that it was a sounder way of [making sure] hampshire 's share of new housing in the south-east than the county 's own thinking , which assumed finding dozens of smaller sites .

Haines 's main tasks are to produce a ‘ strategic plan ’ for the Jockey Club , focusing on its role within the racing industry ; ensuring that the needs of racing are effectively understood in Whitehall and Westminster ; responsibility for the Club 's financial planning and maintaining close liaison with the Levy Board and the Horseracing Advisory Council .
haines 's main tasks are to produce a ‘ strategic plan ’ for the jockey club , focusing on its role within the racing industry ; [making sure] that the needs of racing are effectively understood in whitehall and westminster ; responsibility for the club 's financial planning and maintaining close liaison with the levy board and the horseracing advisory council .

The workshop sessions at Highlander which had sought to clarify the types of information which were required led to the production of a coding sheet which research workers could fill in with the individual details , thereby ensuring both comprehensive coverage , and compatibility between researchers .
the workshop sessions at highlander which had sought to clarify the types of information which were required led to the production of a coding sheet which research workers could fill in with the individual details , thereby [making sure] both comprehensive coverage , and compatibility between researchers .

Stressing ‘ equal opportunities ’ , improving maternity leave , providing career break schemes and condemning sexual harassment are all seen as ways of attracting women and ensuring them a fair deal .
stressing ‘ equal opportunities ’ , improving maternity leave , providing career break schemes and condemning sexual harassment are all seen as ways of attracting women and [making sure] them a fair deal .

Any course modules successfully completed throughout their career can then be included in a record of achievement , ensuring an up to date record of professional development undertaken .
any course modules successfully completed throughout their career can then be included in a record of achievement , [making sure] an up to date record of professional development undertaken .

Products are always tested to conform to standard specifications ( as printed in the catalogue ) , but if there are specific analytical needs , they will gladly perform custom analyses , ensuring that the product will work for a particular application .
products are always tested to conform to standard specifications ( as printed in the catalogue ) , but if there are specific analytical needs , they will gladly perform custom analyses , [making sure] that the product will work for a particular application .

Thus Justice gave Miller his due , at the same time ensuring a place on northern bookshelves for his Director alongside Miller 's Dictionary .
thus justice gave miller his due , at the same time [making sure] a place on northern bookshelves for his director alongside miller 's dictionary .

But ensuring it does is one of the most important tasks facing Mr Major in the aftermath of his election victory .
but [making sure] it does is one of the most important tasks facing mr major in the aftermath of his election victory .

The document , posted to bondholders this week , says that the company intends to formulate a proposal ‘ aimed at ensuring equitable treatment between the bondholders and the banks ’ .
the document , posted to bondholders this week , says that the company intends to formulate a proposal ‘ aimed at [making sure] equitable treatment between the bondholders and the banks ’ .

These characteristics have , indeed , been the principle factors in ensuring the farmer 's right to protection from imports and to negotiate price and subsidy levels directly with government .
these characteristics have , indeed , been the principle factors in [making sure] the farmer 's right to protection from imports and to negotiate price and subsidy levels directly with government .

Education is important in enabling rural people to organise and plan , as much as it is in ensuring that the urban majority understand the nature of rural problems and lend their support to solving them .
education is important in enabling rural people to organise and plan , as much as it is in [making sure] that the urban majority understand the nature of rural problems and lend their support to solving them .

To facilitate democratic tourism it is essential for governments and regional authorities to collaborate with local people in ensuring that the services and infrastructure , by way of roads , electrification , water supply and especially promotional assistance are provided .
to facilitate democratic tourism it is essential for governments and regional authorities to collaborate with local people in [making sure] that the services and infrastructure , by way of roads , electrification , water supply and especially promotional assistance are provided .

The high per capita costs of ensuring these services , and the provision of subsidies from central government may be easier to justify where there is a closer relationship between farming and other activities .
the high per capita costs of [making sure] these services , and the provision of subsidies from central government may be easier to justify where there is a closer relationship between farming and other activities .

We might draw three broad conclusions in relation to ensuring the accuracy of research data :
we might draw three broad conclusions in relation to [making sure] the accuracy of research data :

Many countries are experiencing difficulty in ensuring access to employment for all persons available for and desiring work , while social needs on a massive scale go unmet ( Nowotny and Neveu , 1987 ) .
many countries are experiencing difficulty in [making sure] access to employment for all persons available for and desiring work , while social needs on a massive scale go unmet ( nowotny and neveu , 1987 ) .

The current literature on residential care emphasizes the principle of ‘ regionalization ’ ; that is , on ensuring that target groups in each region are adequately served by the full range of services so that youngsters do not have to be placed away from their home localities .
the current literature on residential care emphasizes the principle of ‘ regionalization ’ ; that is , on [making sure] that target groups in each region are adequately served by the full range of services so that youngsters do not have to be placed away from their home localities .

After this second surrender of Barcelona the Moorish population was removed , and the city repopulated with people from Septimania , thus ensuring that further racial and religious ties would not weaken this important stronghold in Spain .
after this second surrender of barcelona the moorish population was removed , and the city repopulated with people from septimania , thus [making sure] that further racial and religious ties would not weaken this important stronghold in spain .

Market related pricing has shown itself to be effective in ensuring that consumers are aware of the real value of the resources they use , not only as it affects energy consumption but also in the realms of energy efficiency investment .
market related pricing has shown itself to be effective in [making sure] that consumers are aware of the real value of the resources they use , not only as it affects energy consumption but also in the realms of energy efficiency investment .

Under the present system the Central Electricity Generating Board is charged with ensuring there is enough power station capacity to meet demand .
under the present system the central electricity generating board is charged with [making sure] there is enough power station capacity to meet demand .

Another rise in interest rates would make recession much more likely without necessarily ensuring a rapid easing of inflation .
another rise in interest rates would make recession much more likely without necessarily [making sure] a rapid easing of inflation .

Continue to ventilate the greenhouse , ensuring vents are open at night
continue to ventilate the greenhouse , [making sure] vents are open at night

All you have to do is to understand the right habit or growing style of the crops and time your sowings and plantings with that in mind , ensuring that soil fertility levels are kept high enough to support the extra output .
all you have to do is to understand the right habit or growing style of the crops and time your sowings and plantings with that in mind , [making sure] that soil fertility levels are kept high enough to support the extra output .

It is never a bad plan , particularly with such plants as artemisias , penstemons or santolinas , to take cuttings at least every second year , thus ensuring that you have plenty of replacement stock on the way . It pays to have youth on your side !
it is never a bad plan , particularly with such plants as artemisias , penstemons or santolinas , to take cuttings at least every second year , thus [making sure] that you have plenty of replacement stock on the way . it pays to have youth on your side !

It 's easy to obtain organic tomato seed of excellent quality by growing your own and ensuring you do not take it from diseased plants .
it 's easy to obtain organic tomato seed of excellent quality by growing your own and [making sure] you do not take it from diseased plants .

The difficulty is in ensuring that the drench actually reaches all the young grubs .
the difficulty is in [making sure] that the drench actually reaches all the young grubs .

Sampling theory has been of value in various areas of museum work , from assessing the long-term resources required for conservation treatment of the British Museum 's large collection of Babylonian clay tablets , to ensuring that a given ‘ kill rate ’ in insecticides used for paper conservation will provide effective treatment .
sampling theory has been of value in various areas of museum work , from assessing the long-term resources required for conservation treatment of the british museum 's large collection of babylonian clay tablets , to [making sure] that a given ‘ kill rate ’ in insecticides used for paper conservation will provide effective treatment .

Ensuring that fresh solutions of disinfectant are always used .
[making sure] that fresh solutions of disinfectant are always used .

Efforts are best directed towards ensuring correct use rather than suffering the disruption caused by frequent change .
efforts are best directed towards [making sure] correct use rather than suffering the disruption caused by frequent change .

Management therefore should be concerned primarily with selecting a product which has a realistic chance of working and detailing clear procedures as to how the product should be used as well as ensuring effective supervision .
management therefore should be concerned primarily with selecting a product which has a realistic chance of working and detailing clear procedures as to how the product should be used as well as [making sure] effective supervision .

Allied to , but different from , acknowledging the need securing commitment is a matter of ensuring that everyone connected with the operation is personally committed to maintaining standards .
allied to , but different from , acknowledging the need securing commitment is a matter of [making sure] that everyone connected with the operation is personally committed to maintaining standards .

It evens out the peaks coping with fluctuations in work and ensuring continuous work flow .
it evens out the peaks coping with fluctuations in work and [making sure] continuous work flow .

Large logging operations for the export of timber , or to supply local plywood pulp and construction industries , frequently do not bear the costs of ensuring sustainable yields and often ‘ mine ’ the natural biotic resources of areas and then upon their exhaustion , move on ( see Ch .
large logging operations for the export of timber , or to supply local plywood pulp and construction industries , frequently do not bear the costs of [making sure] sustainable yields and often ‘ mine ’ the natural biotic resources of areas and then upon their exhaustion , move on ( see ch .

Ideally the control task would be one that required some sort of discrimination learning , thus ensuring that both groups came to the test phase having had the experience of learning one previous discrimination problem .
ideally the control task would be one that required some sort of discrimination learning , thus [making sure] that both groups came to the test phase having had the experience of learning one previous discrimination problem .

The Australian singer 's manager , Mr Ray East , said Donovan would accept payment of the remainder over 18 months in a gesture aimed at ensuring that the magazine did not go out of business .
the australian singer 's manager , mr ray east , said donovan would accept payment of the remainder over 18 months in a gesture aimed at [making sure] that the magazine did not go out of business .

Age Concern receives frequent reports about health authorities closing long-stay beds , without ensuring that appropriate alternative provision is available .
age concern receives frequent reports about health authorities closing long-stay beds , without [making sure] that appropriate alternative provision is available .

The specific role of bishops which is to be exercised in communion with the see of Peter in ensuring the unity and continuity of the faith is vital if we are to hand on the faith of Peter , Gregory and Augustine .
the specific role of bishops which is to be exercised in communion with the see of peter in [making sure] the unity and continuity of the faith is vital if we are to hand on the faith of peter , gregory and augustine .

Transmission was by reverse-battery polarity , a simple yet efficient way of ensuring that dots and dashes used exactly the same voltage .
transmission was by reverse-battery polarity , a simple yet efficient way of [making sure] that dots and dashes used exactly the same voltage .

‘ When those concerned turn their attention to this problem , they may find they have to make a distinction between litigation in which there is a direct public interest in the result and that in which the public interest is limited to ensuring that an adequate system of justice is available .
‘ when those concerned turn their attention to this problem , they may find they have to make a distinction between litigation in which there is a direct public interest in the result and that in which the public interest is limited to [making sure] that an adequate system of justice is available .

The market has a mechanism for ensuring even that the potential risk of damage to the environment can be costed .
the market has a mechanism for [making sure] even that the potential risk of damage to the environment can be costed .

The other part of my proposal will probably prove annoying to radicals , thereby ensuring a proper balance .
the other part of my proposal will probably prove annoying to radicals , thereby [making sure] a proper balance .

The agency companies will also be responsible for ensuring that syndicates are capable of handling the business they take on .
the agency companies will also be responsible for [making sure] that syndicates are capable of handling the business they take on .

‘ For most of the last 1,000 years , the universities have been an engine of social mobility ; they are now , thanks to the funding system , a means to ensuring that the graduate class is hereditary , ’ Sir John said .
‘ for most of the last 1,000 years , the universities have been an engine of social mobility ; they are now , thanks to the funding system , a means to [making sure] that the graduate class is hereditary , ’ sir john said .

It now faces the harder and more protracted task of ensuring a smooth and efficient transition to free elections and a democratically-elected government .
it now faces the harder and more protracted task of [making sure] a smooth and efficient transition to free elections and a democratically-elected government .

The agency companies will also be responsible for ensuring that syndicates are capable of handling the business they take on .
the agency companies will also be responsible for [making sure] that syndicates are capable of handling the business they take on .

Government advisers said the public element of the offer was four times subscribed , ensuring that shares allocated for foreign investors were ‘ clawed back ’ for private applicants , who will now be allocated virtually 30 per cent of the entire sale .
government advisers said the public element of the offer was four times subscribed , [making sure] that shares allocated for foreign investors were ‘ clawed back ’ for private applicants , who will now be allocated virtually 30 per cent of the entire sale .

Channel 4 will be allowed to continue its current remit , ensuring a range of minority-interest programmes .
channel 4 will be allowed to continue its current remit , [making sure] a range of minority-interest programmes .

Rules ensuring media ownership is not concentrated in a few hands , with restrictions on cross media holdings .
rules [making sure] media ownership is not concentrated in a few hands , with restrictions on cross media holdings .

Channel 4 will be allowed to continue its current remit , ensuring a range of minority-interest programmes and keeping its ‘ distinctive character .
channel 4 will be allowed to continue its current remit , [making sure] a range of minority-interest programmes and keeping its ‘ distinctive character .

He glanced around , ensuring they were n't being overheard .
he glanced around , [making sure] they were n't being overheard .

Should it be primarily about celebration of success and ways of ensuring further successes or is it a time for grizzling at parents ?
should it be primarily about celebration of success and ways of [making sure] further successes or is it a time for grizzling at parents ?

Parents are not concerned about other children but their own and the photo may well stir up some resentment which can best be countered by inviting the press in on a regular basis and ensuring that as many children as possible get their picture in the paper .
parents are not concerned about other children but their own and the photo may well stir up some resentment which can best be countered by inviting the press in on a regular basis and [making sure] that as many children as possible get their picture in the paper .

There is a need for parents , teachers and governors to be vigilant in ensuring that there is no warping of our education service in the pursuit of financial support .
there is a need for parents , teachers and governors to be vigilant in [making sure] that there is no warping of our education service in the pursuit of financial support .

One way of ensuring a fairer distribution of additional resources is for schools to work together on joint fund raising .
one way of [making sure] a fairer distribution of additional resources is for schools to work together on joint fund raising .

One way of ensuring that locals have a reasonable chance of winning is to slightly bias just a few of the questions .
one way of [making sure] that locals have a reasonable chance of winning is to slightly bias just a few of the questions .

It is possible to reduce the possibility of having a mentally handicapped child to an absolute minimum ; by checking out any possible chromosomal problems in early tests , taking great care during the period of pregnancy to ensure that no actions will affect the foetus , ensuring high standards of medical care , and conceiving the child at the most appropriate age .
it is possible to reduce the possibility of having a mentally handicapped child to an absolute minimum ; by checking out any possible chromosomal problems in early tests , taking great care during the period of pregnancy to ensure that no actions will affect the foetus , [making sure] high standards of medical care , and conceiving the child at the most appropriate age .

the only forms of prevention which actually prevent mental handicap are concerned with advising the mother of the possibly harmful effects of certain courses of action during the period of pregnancy , and ensuring high standards of antenatal and postnatal care to prevent a healthy born or unborn child from becoming mentally handicapped .
the only forms of prevention which actually prevent mental handicap are concerned with advising the mother of the possibly harmful effects of certain courses of action during the period of pregnancy , and [making sure] high standards of antenatal and postnatal care to prevent a healthy born or unborn child from becoming mentally handicapped .

ensuring sufficient nutritional standards
[making sure] sufficient nutritional standards

Action is taken against parents , for it is they who carry the burden of ensuring that the child attends school .
action is taken against parents , for it is they who carry the burden of [making sure] that the child attends school .

Responsibility for ensuring that children were educated was then , as now , placed on parents ' shoulders .
responsibility for [making sure] that children were educated was then , as now , placed on parents ' shoulders .

The capitalist economy , while ensuring the continuance of the peasant sector , does not allow it to develop sufficiently to extricate itself from its subordinate role , for this would destroy its value for capitalism .
the capitalist economy , while [making sure] the continuance of the peasant sector , does not allow it to develop sufficiently to extricate itself from its subordinate role , for this would destroy its value for capitalism .

Ensuring to all an equal ability to realize their conception of the good is more likely to require acting in a non-neutral way , acting to improve the ability of some at the expense of others .
[making sure] to all an equal ability to realize their conception of the good is more likely to require acting in a non-neutral way , acting to improve the ability of some at the expense of others .

Ensuring the loyalty of the population entails all-round development .
[making sure] the loyalty of the population entails all-round development .

Second , the affirmation of the right was to ensure that the unification of different peoples was voluntary , part of a well-founded democracy and ensuring the equality of nations at a particular stage in Russian history , the bourgeois revolution .
second , the affirmation of the right was to ensure that the unification of different peoples was voluntary , part of a well-founded democracy and [making sure] the equality of nations at a particular stage in russian history , the bourgeois revolution .

Particularly since the discipline of administering State power in peculiarly obdurate circumstances inclined all in the reverse direction , and obliged them to limit their preoccupations to ensuring the survival of the State and its domains .
particularly since the discipline of administering state power in peculiarly obdurate circumstances inclined all in the reverse direction , and obliged them to limit their preoccupations to [making sure] the survival of the state and its domains .

( b ) The admissibility of illegally obtained evidence As we discussed in Chapter 2 , one way of controlling the activities of the police and of ensuring that they do not act unlawfully is to prevent the admissibility of evidence which is obtained by illegal means .
( b ) the admissibility of illegally obtained evidence as we discussed in chapter 2 , one way of controlling the activities of the police and of [making sure] that they do not act unlawfully is to prevent the admissibility of evidence which is obtained by illegal means .

The national curriculum should do nothing but good if it is a means of ensuring that schools do not , for example , permit children to give up all science subjects at the age of thirteen , or fail to reach a reasonable competence in read g and calculating by the time they leave school .
the national curriculum should do nothing but good if it is a means of [making sure] that schools do not , for example , permit children to give up all science subjects at the age of thirteen , or fail to reach a reasonable competence in read g and calculating by the time they leave school .

They have been devised to place minimum strain on the lifter and her back , while ensuring that the patient is not at risk of falling or being dropped .
they have been devised to place minimum strain on the lifter and her back , while [making sure] that the patient is not at risk of falling or being dropped .

His first moves were to settle various internal disputes among his relatives and nobility , ensuring that they were kept satisfied and willing to fulfil their feudal duty to him as supreme overlord .
his first moves were to settle various internal disputes among his relatives and nobility , [making sure] that they were kept satisfied and willing to fulfil their feudal duty to him as supreme overlord .

The State has the obligation of ensuring this end by guaranteeing that homosexuals , living as they do in an ‘ abnormal ’ relationship , do not have the opportunity to influence directly the upbringing of children .
the state has the obligation of [making sure] this end by guaranteeing that homosexuals , living as they do in an ‘ abnormal ’ relationship , do not have the opportunity to influence directly the upbringing of children .

So , if we are concerned with what constitutes a just allocation of resources , my prescription , at the very least , would call for policies aimed at ensuring , as far as possible , that everyone had an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net welfare of society .
so , if we are concerned with what constitutes a just allocation of resources , my prescription , at the very least , would call for policies aimed at [making sure] , as far as possible , that everyone had an equal opportunity to enjoy an equal share of the total net welfare of society .

Furthermore , these policies must aim at ensuring that everyone has the opportunity to enjoy these aspects of health .
furthermore , these policies must aim at [making sure] that everyone has the opportunity to enjoy these aspects of health .

Rather , attention must be directed to ensuring that doctors who care for the dying understand and use the medicines and techniques now available .
rather , attention must be directed to [making sure] that doctors who care for the dying understand and use the medicines and techniques now available .

This can be avoided , however , by ensuring plenty of cross ventilation in the roof all round the eaves and at the gable ends by means of visible gaps , air bricks or ventilators .
this can be avoided , however , by [making sure] plenty of cross ventilation in the roof all round the eaves and at the gable ends by means of visible gaps , air bricks or ventilators .

According to one Birmingham newspaper , Reeve came up with a novel way of ensuring he was not forgotten , appearing in a city restaurant wearing his blue England shirt , name across his shoulder-blades .
according to one birmingham newspaper , reeve came up with a novel way of [making sure] he was not forgotten , appearing in a city restaurant wearing his blue england shirt , name across his shoulder-blades .

If you are a tenant , your landlord should certainly be liable for ensuring that all windows , frames and doors are in good condition .
if you are a tenant , your landlord should certainly be liable for [making sure] that all windows , frames and doors are in good condition .

Safety with electricity means never operating anything that has a worn or damaged flex ; never trying to run an appliance from a light socket ; never trying to run several appliances via an adaptor plugged into one socket ; and ensuring that all plugs are wired properly .
safety with electricity means never operating anything that has a worn or damaged flex ; never trying to run an appliance from a light socket ; never trying to run several appliances via an adaptor plugged into one socket ; and [making sure] that all plugs are wired properly .

Freedom to protest in public would be less meaningful if the police were not committed to ensuring that it was unimpeded within the Queen 's Peace .
freedom to protest in public would be less meaningful if the police were not committed to [making sure] that it was unimpeded within the queen 's peace .

Others were of the view that the police were properly protecting working miners and ensuring their freedom of passage .
others were of the view that the police were properly protecting working miners and [making sure] their freedom of passage .

The Board took the view that it was not in the national interest that such complete information about the whole nation should be in private hands and after a prolonged and bitterly fought legal battle it won — ensuring the perpetual hostility of Readers Digest the world over to any suggestion of data protection thereafter .
the board took the view that it was not in the national interest that such complete information about the whole nation should be in private hands and after a prolonged and bitterly fought legal battle it won — [making sure] the perpetual hostility of readers digest the world over to any suggestion of data protection thereafter .

As a positive step towards ensuring some uniformity of treatment of all other non-secret operations , in both public and private sectors , the Committee strongly advocated a set of publicly known Codes of Practice , to one or other of which every user would be required to subscribe .
as a positive step towards [making sure] some uniformity of treatment of all other non-secret operations , in both public and private sectors , the committee strongly advocated a set of publicly known codes of practice , to one or other of which every user would be required to subscribe .

In the event the Act required simultaneous , across-the-board registration of both sectors , placing an unnecessary strain on the private sector , and ensuring the greatest possible public hostility to the legislation , and the greatest possible strain on the Registrar 's Office .
in the event the act required simultaneous , across-the-board registration of both sectors , placing an unnecessary strain on the private sector , and [making sure] the greatest possible public hostility to the legislation , and the greatest possible strain on the registrar 's office .

After successfully completing written and practical examinations , with language exams when appropriate , the Northamptonshire Tourist Guides are now qualified to offer walking tours , coach excursions and visits to attractions such as churches , museums and historic houses , ensuring that visits are enjoyable as well as informative .
after successfully completing written and practical examinations , with language exams when appropriate , the northamptonshire tourist guides are now qualified to offer walking tours , coach excursions and visits to attractions such as churches , museums and historic houses , [making sure] that visits are enjoyable as well as informative .

provide better facilities for examining and ensuring humane methods of transport for imported animals
provide better facilities for examining and [making sure] humane methods of transport for imported animals

The more care you have taken in your application , gathering background information , knowing what questions you want to ask , preparing yourself to counter any awkward questions , ensuring that you are suitably dressed and that you arrive unflustered in good time for your appointment , the less reason you will have to be nervous and the more confident you will feel .
the more care you have taken in your application , gathering background information , knowing what questions you want to ask , preparing yourself to counter any awkward questions , [making sure] that you are suitably dressed and that you arrive unflustered in good time for your appointment , the less reason you will have to be nervous and the more confident you will feel .

If you are going to pay candidates ' travelling expenses one of the advance preparations will be to organize these beforehand , ensuring there is cash available or that someone will be there to sign the necessary cheque .
if you are going to pay candidates ' travelling expenses one of the advance preparations will be to organize these beforehand , [making sure] there is cash available or that someone will be there to sign the necessary cheque .

Proper attention should be given to ensuring that the conditions for the interview are as relaxed as possible .
proper attention should be given to [making sure] that the conditions for the interview are as relaxed as possible .

Ways of ensuring you find a good solicitor include :
ways of [making sure] you find a good solicitor include :

Individuals are thus faced with a cost in terms of the time and effort spent on ensuring that they keep in money form only the amount required to cover their day-to-day transactions .
individuals are thus faced with a cost in terms of the time and effort spent on [making sure] that they keep in money form only the amount required to cover their day-to-day transactions .

By ensuring that a good variety of the right kind of materials are available , such as cotton reels or cheese boxes for wheels , she can enable any child to pursue a particular interest .
by [making sure] that a good variety of the right kind of materials are available , such as cotton reels or cheese boxes for wheels , she can enable any child to pursue a particular interest .

Make a particular point of ensuring that one of these is in the hole by which the ferret entered the system in the first place .
make a particular point of [making sure] that one of these is in the hole by which the ferret entered the system in the first place .

Finally , and very importantly , they were also responsible for ( a ) the payment of support workers ' wages , and ( b ) for ensuring that expenditure on clients did not exceed budget limits .
finally , and very importantly , they were also responsible for ( a ) the payment of support workers ' wages , and ( b ) for [making sure] that expenditure on clients did not exceed budget limits .

Another way is to use a fixed bomb so that the carp has to drag the bomb as it runs , also ensuring the hook pulls home .
another way is to use a fixed bomb so that the carp has to drag the bomb as it runs , also [making sure] the hook pulls home .

The system of government in Britain gives the Central Government considerable ( though not unlimited ) powers of ensuring the passage of statutes through Parliament , and consequently thereby controlling local government .
the system of government in britain gives the central government considerable ( though not unlimited ) powers of [making sure] the passage of statutes through parliament , and consequently thereby controlling local government .

Making the appropriate product and ensuring it gets into the right hands are clearly critical elements in developing the market for older consumers .
making the appropriate product and [making sure] it gets into the right hands are clearly critical elements in developing the market for older consumers .

Merrow 's equaliser came with three minutes remaining , ensuring a replay at Guildford this Saturday .
merrow 's equaliser came with three minutes remaining , [making sure] a replay at guildford this saturday .

'Mill Reserves made it a weekend of double celebration for Shottermill Football Club by clinching runners-up spot , thus ensuring promotion to division two .
'mill reserves made it a weekend of double celebration for shottermill football club by clinching runners-up spot , thus [making sure] promotion to division two .

It is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .
it is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other [making sure] that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .

Effective allocation of funds , and subsequent monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .
effective allocation of funds , and subsequent monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for [making sure] that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .

The vital function of ensuring coverage of new publications is haphazard .
the vital function of [making sure] coverage of new publications is haphazard .

The manager may be the only member of the team who is present in the office full time to fill these gaps and the responsibility of ensuring continuity for clients may make a manager reluctant to take on a large team of very part-time volunteers .
the manager may be the only member of the team who is present in the office full time to fill these gaps and the responsibility of [making sure] continuity for clients may make a manager reluctant to take on a large team of very part-time volunteers .

‘ Action ’ is high on the agenda as a mechanism for ensuring that tasks do not fall between members of the collective .
‘ action ’ is high on the agenda as a mechanism for [making sure] that tasks do not fall between members of the collective .

The contrast in ensuring years between the success of the Company and the problem-ridden Corporation trams , made a take-over desirable when the 21-year lease on the street track expired .
the contrast in [making sure] years between the success of the company and the problem-ridden corporation trams , made a take-over desirable when the 21-year lease on the street track expired .

Marton 's new trams gave a superb ride on the relaid and welded track , the new equipment combined with a lightweight body ensuring lively acceleration and braking performance .
marton 's new trams gave a superb ride on the relaid and welded track , the new equipment combined with a lightweight body [making sure] lively acceleration and braking performance .

Prevent the escape of the waste by ensuring it is properly contained .
prevent the escape of the waste by [making sure] it is properly contained .

The producer 's responsibilities include description/transfer note , checking description against contents , ensuring that the skip driver leaves with the load suitably secured and the retention of transfer documents .
the producer 's responsibilities include description/transfer note , checking description against contents , [making sure] that the skip driver leaves with the load suitably secured and the retention of transfer documents .

Produced in a loose-leaf format to allow for updating , this reference work is aimed at anyone with responsibility for ensuring compliance with new legislation .
produced in a loose-leaf format to allow for updating , this reference work is aimed at anyone with responsibility for [making sure] compliance with new legislation .

‘ By ensuring that these inventions can be patented in all Community countries , this measure aims to encourage research in the context of the large market and to help European industry compete on equal terms with its American and Japanese rivals , who already enjoy such a facility ’ , the Commission declared .
‘ by [making sure] that these inventions can be patented in all community countries , this measure aims to encourage research in the context of the large market and to help european industry compete on equal terms with its american and japanese rivals , who already enjoy such a facility ’ , the commission declared .

Before resorting to this it is worth ensuring that the injection technique is satisfactory and the injection sites are healthy .
before resorting to this it is worth [making sure] that the injection technique is satisfactory and the injection sites are healthy .

As a rule of thumb , this element in the main system model can be considered as monitoring the performance of the system as a whole ( for example , ensuring that residents are happily domiciled and day clients receive appropriate support ) , and setting , then maintaining , the standards of each sub-system ( Fig 11.8 ) .
as a rule of thumb , this element in the main system model can be considered as monitoring the performance of the system as a whole ( for example , [making sure] that residents are happily domiciled and day clients receive appropriate support ) , and setting , then maintaining , the standards of each sub-system ( fig 11.8 ) .

In systems terms , there would also need to be mechanisms for taking control or corrective action based on defined measures of performance , related in this case to the effectiveness of education provision ( ie ensuring that the curriculum delivered meets the defined education requirements ) , and to the accurate provision of resources .
in systems terms , there would also need to be mechanisms for taking control or corrective action based on defined measures of performance , related in this case to the effectiveness of education provision ( ie [making sure] that the curriculum delivered meets the defined education requirements ) , and to the accurate provision of resources .

There were natural concerns about ensuring a degree of parity of gradings and structures between and within Colleges , not least to avoid industrial relations disputes ; it was also necessary to take due account of the frameworks and levels of expertise that then existed and evolve a strategy for change , rather than take radical action .
there were natural concerns about [making sure] a degree of parity of gradings and structures between and within colleges , not least to avoid industrial relations disputes ; it was also necessary to take due account of the frameworks and levels of expertise that then existed and evolve a strategy for change , rather than take radical action .

The existence of the wider systems and the environment have been explicitly considered , and at this stage are mainly relevant to ensuring that the analysts is aware of the whole situation and the influencing factors .
the existence of the wider systems and the environment have been explicitly considered , and at this stage are mainly relevant to [making sure] that the analysts is aware of the whole situation and the influencing factors .

The formal systems model provides an invaluable checklist for ensuring that all the general system characteristics have been considered when developing Human Activity System models .
the formal systems model provides an invaluable checklist for [making sure] that all the general system characteristics have been considered when developing human activity system models .

… DHAs can then concentrate on ensuring that the health needs of the population for which they are responsible are met ; that there are effective services for the prevention and control of disease and the promotion of health ; that their population has access to a comprehensive range of high quality , value for money services ; and on setting targets for and monitoring the performance of those management units for which they continue to have responsibility . ( DoH , 1989a , para.2.11 )
… dhas can then concentrate on [making sure] that the health needs of the population for which they are responsible are met ; that there are effective services for the prevention and control of disease and the promotion of health ; that their population has access to a comprehensive range of high quality , value for money services ; and on setting targets for and monitoring the performance of those management units for which they continue to have responsibility . ( doh , 1989a , para.2.11 )

Population-based planning relating to identifying the needs of a population and ensuring these needs are met — generally to promote the health of a defined population — will be the province of Regional and District Health Authorities .
population-based planning relating to identifying the needs of a population and [making sure] these needs are met — generally to promote the health of a defined population — will be the province of regional and district health authorities .

Management accounting is concerned with ensuring that appropriate financial information is provided to the management of the organization in order that they can manage it as well as possible and ( in the public sector ) deliver the greatest Value for Money .
management accounting is concerned with [making sure] that appropriate financial information is provided to the management of the organization in order that they can manage it as well as possible and ( in the public sector ) deliver the greatest value for money .

The same data , if used properly , can offer a more exciting challenge of ensuring that the most cost-effective decisions are taken and actually enhance patient care rather than reduce it .
the same data , if used properly , can offer a more exciting challenge of [making sure] that the most cost-effective decisions are taken and actually enhance patient care rather than reduce it .

With prices honed to the bone , very little surplus is available for ensuring a solid infra-structure and the means of continuity .
with prices honed to the bone , very little surplus is available for [making sure] a solid infra-structure and the means of continuity .

The rescript is of great utility in ensuring that the honour of a happily concluded marriage and indeed the faith of common children should not deceive a father who had thought better of the mother : therefore the emperor , most provident and most devoted to the cause of law , when he observed that the words of a trust were lacking , ruled by rescript that this expression should be treated as a trust .
the rescript is of great utility in [making sure] that the honour of a happily concluded marriage and indeed the faith of common children should not deceive a father who had thought better of the mother : therefore the emperor , most provident and most devoted to the cause of law , when he observed that the words of a trust were lacking , ruled by rescript that this expression should be treated as a trust .

Far better to make sure that the inferences are correct , and this can be done by ensuring that the observer and the observed are thinking together , not in opposition .
far better to make sure that the inferences are correct , and this can be done by [making sure] that the observer and the observed are thinking together , not in opposition .

Stratification safeguards the representativeness of the sample by ensuring that the known groups in the population are represented fairly in the sample .
stratification safeguards the representativeness of the sample by [making sure] that the known groups in the population are represented fairly in the sample .

It makes sense to take advantage of Saver Plus rates by ensuring that any spare cash in your Current Account is regularly swept to your Saver Plus .
it makes sense to take advantage of saver plus rates by [making sure] that any spare cash in your current account is regularly swept to your saver plus .

In so doing the quality of the service can be improved by ensuring that the objectives for individual placements are more closely related to the needs of the school and that there is support for implementing the outcomes of the experience .
in so doing the quality of the service can be improved by [making sure] that the objectives for individual placements are more closely related to the needs of the school and that there is support for implementing the outcomes of the experience .

Partnerships should challenge the trend ; partnerships should not be about alternative sources of funding for the public education service but about ensuring proper levels of public funding with additional support from the private sector .
partnerships should challenge the trend ; partnerships should not be about alternative sources of funding for the public education service but about [making sure] proper levels of public funding with additional support from the private sector .

This division between planning conditions and site licence conditions highlights the need for co-operation between planners , waste disposal officers and other pollution control agencies , at a pre-planning stage wherever possible , in order to reach agreement on those conditions which are to be attached to the planning consent , and those to be attached to the site licence , thus ensuring that problems of control do not arise at a later stage .
this division between planning conditions and site licence conditions highlights the need for co-operation between planners , waste disposal officers and other pollution control agencies , at a pre-planning stage wherever possible , in order to reach agreement on those conditions which are to be attached to the planning consent , and those to be attached to the site licence , thus [making sure] that problems of control do not arise at a later stage .

Such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ Cordon Sanitaire ’ or ‘ Buffer Zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .
such agreements would be particularly useful in [making sure] a ‘ cordon sanitaire ’ or ‘ buffer zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .

To avoid this the slurry can be agitated and treated aerobically using one of the commercial aerators available ensuring intimate mixing with air .
to avoid this the slurry can be agitated and treated aerobically using one of the commercial aerators available [making sure] intimate mixing with air .

Dispersal of pollutants via tall chimneys is a well known , acceptable method to control , aimed at ensuring that certain fixed concentrations of pollutants at ground level are not exceeded .
dispersal of pollutants via tall chimneys is a well known , acceptable method to control , aimed at [making sure] that certain fixed concentrations of pollutants at ground level are not exceeded .

In a formal group this means ensuring that people stick to the procedures , do n't argue , do n't interrupt one another and so on .
in a formal group this means [making sure] that people stick to the procedures , do n't argue , do n't interrupt one another and so on .

It implies the implementation of a nationally determined ( and negotiated ) strategy at local level , involving locally based groups ( or local branches of national organizations ) only with a view to ensuring a smooth process of implementation .
it implies the implementation of a nationally determined ( and negotiated ) strategy at local level , involving locally based groups ( or local branches of national organizations ) only with a view to [making sure] a smooth process of implementation .

The latter should play a leading role in ensuring these statements are understood by governors and staff .
the latter should play a leading role in [making sure] these statements are understood by governors and staff .

Whilst this was not , perhaps , the expected answer , no one with first-hand experience of running a school would deny the importance of good support staff in ensuring its success .
whilst this was not , perhaps , the expected answer , no one with first-hand experience of running a school would deny the importance of good support staff in [making sure] its success .

The head will play a vital role in ensuring that the needs of the child are at the heart of the planning process , and his or her ability to work with all staff to develop a policy combining economic effectiveness with sound educational principles will be crucial .
the head will play a vital role in [making sure] that the needs of the child are at the heart of the planning process , and his or her ability to work with all staff to develop a policy combining economic effectiveness with sound educational principles will be crucial .

The competition rules of the Treaty of Rome represent the most effective means available to businesses , both large and small , of ensuring that the Common Market operates effectively and fairly . In the 1985 White Paper ‘ Completing the Internal Market ’ this fundamental role for competition policy was recognised by the Commission , when it stated :
the competition rules of the treaty of rome represent the most effective means available to businesses , both large and small , of [making sure] that the common market operates effectively and fairly . in the 1985 white paper ‘ completing the internal market ’ this fundamental role for competition policy was recognised by the commission , when it stated :

Shareholders will have to give approval to any defence measures taken before the takeover bid , ensuring that they decide on any defence measures only with full knowledge of the conditions of the bid .
shareholders will have to give approval to any defence measures taken before the takeover bid , [making sure] that they decide on any defence measures only with full knowledge of the conditions of the bid .

You may not end up with an athlete 's heart through aerobic walking , but you will have gone a long way to improving its strength and efficiency , thus ensuring a longer and healthier life .
you may not end up with an athlete 's heart through aerobic walking , but you will have gone a long way to improving its strength and efficiency , thus [making sure] a longer and healthier life .

Given that these benefits are transferable , then there is the potential for ensuring smooth aircraft operations and safety by providing intelligent decision support environments to aircraft maintenance staff .
given that these benefits are transferable , then there is the potential for [making sure] smooth aircraft operations and safety by providing intelligent decision support environments to aircraft maintenance staff .

Expert decision support can be employed to give consistent advice to maintenance engineers ensuring that risk is correctly assessed and minimised .
expert decision support can be employed to give consistent advice to maintenance engineers [making sure] that risk is correctly assessed and minimised .

When used on a daily basis , food digestion is greatly improved ensuring that essential dietary elements are assimilated by the horse in the most effective manner ; thereby helping maintain balanced growth .
when used on a daily basis , food digestion is greatly improved [making sure] that essential dietary elements are assimilated by the horse in the most effective manner ; thereby helping maintain balanced growth .

No doubt you will be putting a great deal of time and effort into the arrangements for your wedding , ensuring that your chosen colour theme and style are just right .
no doubt you will be putting a great deal of time and effort into the arrangements for your wedding , [making sure] that your chosen colour theme and style are just right .

When the reactor was restarted a jet of steam promptly issued from a wrongly adjusted valve in the secondary cooling system , and in the ensuring emergency shutdown a gasket in the primary cooling system gave way to deposit 3500 litres of radioactive water in the reactor 's basement .
when the reactor was restarted a jet of steam promptly issued from a wrongly adjusted valve in the secondary cooling system , and in the [making sure] emergency shutdown a gasket in the primary cooling system gave way to deposit 3500 litres of radioactive water in the reactor 's basement .

He went on : ‘ Before any particulars are entered on the computer , they are carefully checked with a view to ensuring that they are accurate and , where information has been received from individuals , that it has not been furnished maliciously ’ .
he went on : ‘ before any particulars are entered on the computer , they are carefully checked with a view to [making sure] that they are accurate and , where information has been received from individuals , that it has not been furnished maliciously ’ .

The great appeal of methylation as a means of shutting genes off is that it has a known mechanism for perpetuating itself during cell division and thus ensuring its own inheritance .
the great appeal of methylation as a means of shutting genes off is that it has a known mechanism for perpetuating itself during cell division and thus [making sure] its own inheritance .

‘ If the essential functions of ensuring compliance and dealing with complaints are neglected , the register and legislation will fall rapidly into disrepute , ’ the Consultative Committee of Accountancy Bodies told MPs in a briefing document .
‘ if the essential functions of [making sure] compliance and dealing with complaints are neglected , the register and legislation will fall rapidly into disrepute , ’ the consultative committee of accountancy bodies told mps in a briefing document .

When trodden on , these spines puncture flesh and usually break off inside the resulting wounds , ensuring the prolonged insertion of the painful poisons .
when trodden on , these spines puncture flesh and usually break off inside the resulting wounds , [making sure] the prolonged insertion of the painful poisons .

The purpose of this policy is twofold , first as a means of achieving a more effective link between education and employment so that school leavers are old enough to take up productive work when they leave school , secondly as a means of offering a basic education to a greater number of the nation 's children and ensuring that they stay at school to complete it .
the purpose of this policy is twofold , first as a means of achieving a more effective link between education and employment so that school leavers are old enough to take up productive work when they leave school , secondly as a means of offering a basic education to a greater number of the nation 's children and [making sure] that they stay at school to complete it .

The arrogant princess refused to talk in English and Corbett had to use all his skill in French to conduct a conversation whilst ensuring he did not give offence .
the arrogant princess refused to talk in english and corbett had to use all his skill in french to conduct a conversation whilst [making sure] he did not give offence .

As a way of ensuring effective job control , it is sound practice to develop within the office , standard systems for communicating important information such as contract instructions , valuation details , site reports , meeting minutes .
as a way of [making sure] effective job control , it is sound practice to develop within the office , standard systems for communicating important information such as contract instructions , valuation details , site reports , meeting minutes .

The supervision of work on site is a key factor for ensuring a good quality end product as well as for monitoring progress .
the supervision of work on site is a key factor for [making sure] a good quality end product as well as for monitoring progress .

It is a sad but true reflection of all professional life that efficient business management has become as important a factor in ensuring success as technical competence .
it is a sad but true reflection of all professional life that efficient business management has become as important a factor in [making sure] success as technical competence .

With half a tank of fuel on board , the Renault weighs 1580kg , making it comfortably heavier than any of its chosen rivals and ensuring that the Safrane 's power-to-weight ratio of 108bhp per tonne is the meanest of its class , too .
with half a tank of fuel on board , the renault weighs 1580kg , making it comfortably heavier than any of its chosen rivals and [making sure] that the safrane 's power-to-weight ratio of 108bhp per tonne is the meanest of its class , too .

• Ensuring consumers and carers are involved with the statutory agencies in the planning of future services .
• [making sure] consumers and carers are involved with the statutory agencies in the planning of future services .

From their water is derived their sex , nature 's way of ensuring variation within a species through the inner patterns encoded within the nucleus of each cell .
from their water is derived their sex , nature 's way of [making sure] variation within a species through the inner patterns encoded within the nucleus of each cell .

Others had to put up with less ideal locations , and this led to demand for the feng shui practitioner , whose skill was in improving the landscape by correct siting , ensuring that nothing took place to disturb the flows of energy .
others had to put up with less ideal locations , and this led to demand for the feng shui practitioner , whose skill was in improving the landscape by correct siting , [making sure] that nothing took place to disturb the flows of energy .

With controlled prices ensuring excess demand for almost every item in state shops , products can be resold on the black market for huge profits .
with controlled prices [making sure] excess demand for almost every item in state shops , products can be resold on the black market for huge profits .

The best way of ensuring your yoghurt is live is to make your own — starter cultures are available from some health-food stores , or by post ( see p 335 ) .
the best way of [making sure] your yoghurt is live is to make your own — starter cultures are available from some health-food stores , or by post ( see p 335 ) .

However , these minority interests should not be protected by censorship , but , as Coleman insists , by ensuring that positive images of that minority 's beliefs are positively and adequately represented — in libraries particularly .
however , these minority interests should not be protected by censorship , but , as coleman insists , by [making sure] that positive images of that minority 's beliefs are positively and adequately represented — in libraries particularly .

Full-time courses are set alongside part-time programmes , short courses and extra-mural study , ensuring a student population balanced in age , varied in background and experience and strong in commitment to study and achievement .
full-time courses are set alongside part-time programmes , short courses and extra-mural study , [making sure] a student population balanced in age , varied in background and experience and strong in commitment to study and achievement .

Ward organisation is important in ensuring that the learner 's individual requirements for the development of her clinical skills are met .
ward organisation is important in [making sure] that the learner 's individual requirements for the development of her clinical skills are met .

The allocation of work by tasks , although an efficient way of ensuring that work is completed , is unsatisfying for both the nurse and the patient .
the allocation of work by tasks , although an efficient way of [making sure] that work is completed , is unsatisfying for both the nurse and the patient .

The organisation of a ward is directed towards ensuring the best possible standard of patient care , and is not primarily concerned with the needs of the learner .
the organisation of a ward is directed towards [making sure] the best possible standard of patient care , and is not primarily concerned with the needs of the learner .

The student will learn realistic ways of ensuring good nursing care even when the workload is heavy .
the student will learn realistic ways of [making sure] good nursing care even when the workload is heavy .

As there will be students of varying experience and ability , it is essential that the information is clearly presented to everyone while ensuring that the least able understand the demonstration .
as there will be students of varying experience and ability , it is essential that the information is clearly presented to everyone while [making sure] that the least able understand the demonstration .

Contiguity refers to ensuring that the student has the opportunity to make suitable responses .
contiguity refers to [making sure] that the student has the opportunity to make suitable responses .

The teaching of rules , which are combinations of concepts , consists mainly of assisting the student to recall those involved , ensuring that they are fully understood and combined in the right order , and in providing the opportunities in clinical practice to apply them .
the teaching of rules , which are combinations of concepts , consists mainly of assisting the student to recall those involved , [making sure] that they are fully understood and combined in the right order , and in providing the opportunities in clinical practice to apply them .

By ensuring the student has the prerequisite knowledge and skills , the time involved can be reduced considerably .
by [making sure] the student has the prerequisite knowledge and skills , the time involved can be reduced considerably .

‘ Difficulty with eating and drinking ’ : What is the importance of ensuring fluid and energy intake , especially in a pyrexial patient ? What are the complications of dehydration , and those of poor oral hygiene ?
‘ difficulty with eating and drinking ’ : what is the importance of [making sure] fluid and energy intake , especially in a pyrexial patient ? what are the complications of dehydration , and those of poor oral hygiene ?

Full-time courses are set alongside part-time programmes , short courses and extra-mural study , ensuring a student population balanced in age , varied in background and experience and strong in commitment to study and achievement .
full-time courses are set alongside part-time programmes , short courses and extra-mural study , [making sure] a student population balanced in age , varied in background and experience and strong in commitment to study and achievement .

The show was flexible and he could slot his best troupes in and out , thus ensuring a regular wage for them and constantly rehearsed lines for him , all ready at a moment 's notice to go to South Africa , the continent or the best halls in London .
the show was flexible and he could slot his best troupes in and out , thus [making sure] a regular wage for them and constantly rehearsed lines for him , all ready at a moment 's notice to go to south africa , the continent or the best halls in london .

Persuading librarians to contribute , then , may not be a problem , but ensuring that they do so regularly can be .
persuading librarians to contribute , then , may not be a problem , but [making sure] that they do so regularly can be .

Loan service : Apart from interest and principal repayments , the agent bank is responsible for ensuring that current information on the financial position of the borrower is available to the participant banks in the loan .
loan service : apart from interest and principal repayments , the agent bank is responsible for [making sure] that current information on the financial position of the borrower is available to the participant banks in the loan .

He had the great oak forest beyond the river cut down , ensuring that never again would it provide shelter for outlaw or wolf .
he had the great oak forest beyond the river cut down , [making sure] that never again would it provide shelter for outlaw or wolf .

He twisted the door handles , ensuring the doors were locked .
he twisted the door handles , [making sure] the doors were locked .

UDCs are primarily intended to secure the regeneration of their designated areas by bringing land and buildings into effective use ; by encouraging the development of existing and new industry and commerce ; by creating an attractive environment ; and by ensuring that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .
udcs are primarily intended to secure the regeneration of their designated areas by bringing land and buildings into effective use ; by encouraging the development of existing and new industry and commerce ; by creating an attractive environment ; and by [making sure] that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .

Emphasises the role of the planning system in ensuring an adequate and continuing supply of land for new housing to meet the increasing demand for home ownership on which no limit has been set .
emphasises the role of the planning system in [making sure] an adequate and continuing supply of land for new housing to meet the increasing demand for home ownership on which no limit has been set .

Among the possibilities is the use of semiochemicals ( behaviour-controlling chemicals ) , such as insect pheromones , to encourage the efficacy of biological control agents like fungal pathogens by ensuring closer contact between the target insect and the latter .
among the possibilities is the use of semiochemicals ( behaviour-controlling chemicals ) , such as insect pheromones , to encourage the efficacy of biological control agents like fungal pathogens by [making sure] closer contact between the target insect and the latter .

Underlying it all , however , is one obvious fact : that the gathering and analysis of geographically distributed environmental data form the necessary starting-point for ensuring the success of our future on earth .
underlying it all , however , is one obvious fact : that the gathering and analysis of geographically distributed environmental data form the necessary starting-point for [making sure] the success of our future on earth .

Trevelyan , on behalf of the Lords of the Treasury , acknowledged Hall 's draft Bill on 5th December , 1856 , but said that the Government would not be committed to asking Parliament for the necessary funds during the ensuring year , and : .
trevelyan , on behalf of the lords of the treasury , acknowledged hall 's draft bill on 5th december , 1856 , but said that the government would not be committed to asking parliament for the necessary funds during the [making sure] year , and : .

ensuring abundant light , and ventilation in every part of the building together with that character of sober dignity which should ( we venture to consider ) characterise a building of national importance , placed upon one of the most commanding sites in the Metropolis , and intended to correspond with structures of equal grandeur and extent .
[making sure] abundant light , and ventilation in every part of the building together with that character of sober dignity which should ( we venture to consider ) characterise a building of national importance , placed upon one of the most commanding sites in the metropolis , and intended to correspond with structures of equal grandeur and extent .

Before the 1940s , most food law was concerned with ensuring that people were not given short measure or food that was adulterated .
before the 1940s , most food law was concerned with [making sure] that people were not given short measure or food that was adulterated .

An increasing number of countries are moving towards a policy of prohibiting the sale of fireworks to the public and instead , having organised displays operated by experts ; ensuring that there is careful segregation of spectators from staff who are igniting the fireworks .
an increasing number of countries are moving towards a policy of prohibiting the sale of fireworks to the public and instead , having organised displays operated by experts ; [making sure] that there is careful segregation of spectators from staff who are igniting the fireworks .

At a domestic level , fire can be prevented by maintaining equipment in a safe working condition , for example repairing frayed flexes , avoiding trailing flexes , ensuring that electrical circuits are not overloaded , having fires adequately guarded , and using self-extinguishing devices for movable articles which can be knocked over with relative ease such as oil lamps and oil-heaters .
at a domestic level , fire can be prevented by maintaining equipment in a safe working condition , for example repairing frayed flexes , avoiding trailing flexes , [making sure] that electrical circuits are not overloaded , having fires adequately guarded , and using self-extinguishing devices for movable articles which can be knocked over with relative ease such as oil lamps and oil-heaters .

Wells ( 1986 ) discusses the nurse 's role as a patient advocate — not making decisions for the patient but ensuring that no one usurps the needs , rights and humanity of the patient — and in ‘ Ethics and information ’ discusses the potential difficulties ; he sees a place for the nurse as the patient 's advocate in certain circumstances .
wells ( 1986 ) discusses the nurse 's role as a patient advocate — not making decisions for the patient but [making sure] that no one usurps the needs , rights and humanity of the patient — and in ‘ ethics and information ’ discusses the potential difficulties ; he sees a place for the nurse as the patient 's advocate in certain circumstances .

Their fervent questions , at times riddled with doubt and anxiety , revealed that creating optimum learning environments for young children at home—and ensuring their access to development-enhancing experiences in child care , preschool , and school—have become mounting parental challenges .
their fervent questions , at times riddled with doubt and anxiety , revealed that creating optimum learning environments for young children at home—and [making sure] their access to development-enhancing experiences in child care , preschool , and school—have become mounting parental challenges .

From the simplest preliterate society to the most technologically advanced nation , adults are charged with ensuring that children acquire competencies that enable them to assume a responsible place in their society and , ultimately , participate in transmitting its values and practices to future generations .
from the simplest preliterate society to the most technologically advanced nation , adults are charged with [making sure] that children acquire competencies that enable them to assume a responsible place in their society and , ultimately , participate in transmitting its values and practices to future generations .

Creating a “ zone ” for learning—by ensuring that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet child—will increase the success of these efforts .
creating a “ zone ” for learning—by [making sure] that active play is fun , provides plenty of opportunity to practice physical skills , and is not overstimulating for the quiet child—will increase the success of these efforts .

Consequently , parents and teachers carry much responsibility for ensuring that children ’ s learning is maximized—for actively leading them along the developmental pathway .
consequently , parents and teachers carry much responsibility for [making sure] that children ’ s learning is maximized—for actively leading them along the developmental pathway .

These objects are burned after the ritual , ensuring the recovery of the person .
these objects are burned after the ritual , [making sure] the recovery of the person .

However , he continued to give prominence to the Theban god Amon , ensuring that the worship spread across the Kingdom .
however , he continued to give prominence to the theban god amon , [making sure] that the worship spread across the kingdom .

This is in part because the island remained under Catholic Venetian rule far longer than other islands in the Aegean — from 1207 to 1714 — but also because it was t he scene of a blessed miracle , ensuring its fame throughout the Catholic community in Greece .
this is in part because the island remained under catholic venetian rule far longer than other islands in the aegean — from 1207 to 1714 — but also because it was t he scene of a blessed miracle , [making sure] its fame throughout the catholic community in greece .

The prolific American golfing architect Robert Trent Jones , Sr. , designed this rolling 6,072-m ( 6,640-yard ) course , a factor ensuring it ’ s not easy to play .
the prolific american golfing architect robert trent jones , sr. , designed this rolling 6,072-m ( 6,640-yard ) course , a factor [making sure] it ’ s not easy to play .

All of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , ensuring that the Lake District remains a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be discovered .
all of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , [making sure] that the lake district remains a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be discovered .

His will decreed the house never to be sold , ensuring the mansion ’ s future , even as other residences fell into disrepair and demolition , often to be replaced by skyscrapers .
his will decreed the house never to be sold , [making sure] the mansion ’ s future , even as other residences fell into disrepair and demolition , often to be replaced by skyscrapers .

The springs provide water for various needs , from making tea to ensuring fertility .
the springs provide water for various needs , from making tea to [making sure] fertility .

The IRS should be commended for recognizing the importance and benefits of ensuring equal treatment for all taxpayers .
the irs should be commended for recognizing the importance and benefits of [making sure] equal treatment for all taxpayers .

The hope is that young people will come to understand that we can maintain the freedoms that are rooted in our nation 's very soul while ensuring the safety of our citizens .
the hope is that young people will come to understand that we can maintain the freedoms that are rooted in our nation 's very soul while [making sure] the safety of our citizens .

He 's dedicated to justice and ensuring that every individual has the ability to take their legal issues to court regardless of their social stature . ''
he 's dedicated to justice and [making sure] that every individual has the ability to take their legal issues to court regardless of their social stature . ''

Legal Services of Southern Missouri ( LSSM ) serves 43 counties in this area and is dedicated to ensuring all people , regardless of their income , equal access to legal advice and counsel .
legal services of southern missouri ( lssm ) serves 43 counties in this area and is dedicated to [making sure] all people , regardless of their income , equal access to legal advice and counsel .

Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the Social Security Death Index , and the Fatal Accident Reporting System ( FARS ) to detect mortality .
although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , [making sure] adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 in order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the social security death index , and the fatal accident reporting system ( fars ) to detect mortality .

At the same time , the proposed cabinet department , even with its multiple missions , will still be just one of many players with important roles and responsibilities for ensuring homeland security .
at the same time , the proposed cabinet department , even with its multiple missions , will still be just one of many players with important roles and responsibilities for [making sure] homeland security .

Early attention to strong systems and controls for acquisition and related business processes will be critical both to ensuring success and maintaining integrity and accountability .
early attention to strong systems and controls for acquisition and related business processes will be critical both to [making sure] success and maintaining integrity and accountability .

We believe that is an important first step to ensuring that transformation and management issues receive the top-level attention they require .
we believe that is an important first step to [making sure] that transformation and management issues receive the top-level attention they require .

In addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 A cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 Further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , Chief Financial Officers Act , Clinger-Cohen Act , etc . ) .
in addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 a cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 further accountability can be achieved by [making sure] that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , government performance and results act ( gpra ) , chief financial officers act , clinger-cohen act , etc . ) .

These laws provide a foundation for the management structure of the new department and a basis for ensuring appropriate transparency and accountability .
these laws provide a foundation for the management structure of the new department and a basis for [making sure] appropriate transparency and accountability .

Efforts designed to rationalize the number of budget accounts within the new department can serve to provide flexibility while ensuring accountability .
efforts designed to rationalize the number of budget accounts within the new department can serve to provide flexibility while [making sure] accountability .

To meet BLM 's performance expectation for senior executives to establish a zero tolerance standard for discrimination , harassment , and hostile work environments , a senior executive who heads BLM 's Nevada state office set an expectation in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle that he would demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring fair access to developmental opportunities for employees .
to meet blm 's performance expectation for senior executives to establish a zero tolerance standard for discrimination , harassment , and hostile work environments , a senior executive who heads blm 's nevada state office set an expectation in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle that he would demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by [making sure] fair access to developmental opportunities for employees .

Specifically , an expectation in his action plan is to improve how customers are treated during collection and examination activities by ensuring that examiners explain to customers their taxpayer rights , as well as why they were selected for examination and what they could expect .
specifically , an expectation in his action plan is to improve how customers are treated during collection and examination activities by [making sure] that examiners explain to customers their taxpayer rights , as well as why they were selected for examination and what they could expect .

Improve human resources management and quality of worklife : Develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of BLM employees by assuring each employee has a current Appendix II BLM 's Senior Executive Performance Plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .
improve human resources management and quality of worklife : develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of blm employees by assuring each employee has a current appendix ii blm 's senior executive performance plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by [making sure] that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .

The executive is responsible for ensuring that program integrity initiatives and policies are implemented , assessed through an effective internal control process , and adjusted as necessary to achieve appropriate results .
the executive is responsible for [making sure] that program integrity initiatives and policies are implemented , assessed through an effective internal control process , and adjusted as necessary to achieve appropriate results .

The executive will accomplish this by adhering to VBA 's program integrity directives and the Inspector General recommendations that are applicable and ensuring that on-site reviews do not reveal critical flaws in oversight of program integrity issues .
the executive will accomplish this by adhering to vba 's program integrity directives and the inspector general recommendations that are applicable and [making sure] that on-site reviews do not reveal critical flaws in oversight of program integrity issues .

The executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .
the executive will have met this element by [making sure] that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the national institute of standards and technology and office of management and budget guidelines ; [making sure] that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and [making sure] that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .

Board independence does not require the elimination of all inside directors but it would seem to call for ensuring that a super-majority of board members are truly independent both in fact and appearance .
board independence does not require the elimination of all inside directors but it would seem to call for [making sure] that a super-majority of board members are truly independent both in fact and appearance .

Make Financial Management an Entitywide Priority The quality and image of federal financial management has suffered from decades of neglect and an organizational culture that has not fully recognized the value of good financial managementnot even at its most basic levelas a means of ensuring accountability .
make financial management an entitywide priority the quality and image of federal financial management has suffered from decades of neglect and an organizational culture that has not fully recognized the value of good financial managementnot even at its most basic levelas a means of [making sure] accountability .

Although not required by the act , the state Comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , thereby ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to CAFR .
although not required by the act , the state comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , thereby [making sure] accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to cafr .

In addition , the senior executives at these organizations demonstrated their sustained commitment to financerelated improvement initiatives by using key business/line managers to drive improvement efforts , attending key meetings , ensuring that the necessary resources are made available , and creating a system of rewards and incentives to recognize those who support improvement initiatives .
in addition , the senior executives at these organizations demonstrated their sustained commitment to financerelated improvement initiatives by using key business/line managers to drive improvement efforts , attending key meetings , [making sure] that the necessary resources are made available , and creating a system of rewards and incentives to recognize those who support improvement initiatives .

Other learning experiences include course work , such as Elements of Product Cost , in which participants analyze and use cost element information to support decisionmaking related to improvement efforts , ensuring that resources are applied to those activities that return the greatest benefits and provide the highest value to customers .
other learning experiences include course work , such as elements of product cost , in which participants analyze and use cost element information to support decisionmaking related to improvement efforts , [making sure] that resources are applied to those activities that return the greatest benefits and provide the highest value to customers .

Currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .
currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) [making sure] compliance with laws and regulations .

This includes ensuring that the configuration management process is effectively implemented and that product changes are clearly documented and tested before being placed into production .
this includes [making sure] that the configuration management process is effectively implemented and that product changes are clearly documented and tested before being placed into production .

Such opportunities are critical not only in developing employees that understand the whole business and , in turn , provide greater value to their customers in the operating divisions but also as a way of ensuring that an adequate supply of wellprepared financial professionals is available to fill key positions .
such opportunities are critical not only in developing employees that understand the whole business and , in turn , provide greater value to their customers in the operating divisions but also as a way of [making sure] that an adequate supply of wellprepared financial professionals is available to fill key positions .

The monitoring process should also include policies and procedures for ensuring that the results of the reviews are communicated to the appropriate individuals within the organization so that they can be promptly resolved .
the monitoring process should also include policies and procedures for [making sure] that the results of the reviews are communicated to the appropriate individuals within the organization so that they can be promptly resolved .

CMS contracts with over 50 insurance companies to process fee-for-service claims ; however , CMS is responsible for overseeing these contractors and for ensuring that claims are paid accurately and efficiently .
cms contracts with over 50 insurance companies to process fee-for-service claims ; however , cms is responsible for overseeing these contractors and for [making sure] that claims are paid accurately and efficiently .

The Logistics Center 's Director helped to ensure that all employees shared his vision by discussing proposed changes with his top-level managers and by meeting with front-line 14 Managing for Results : Federal Managers ' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills ( GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2000 ) ; Management Reform : Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance ( GAO/T-GGD-99-151 , July 29 , 1999 ) ; and Management Reform : Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives ( GAO/T- GGD-00-26 , Oct. 15 , 1999 ) .
the logistics center 's director helped to ensure that all employees shared his vision by discussing proposed changes with his top-level managers and by meeting with front-line 14 managing for results : federal managers ' views show need for [making sure] top leadership skills ( gao-01-127 , oct. 20 , 2000 ) ; management reform : using the results act and quality management to improve federal performance ( gao/t-ggd-99-151 , july 29 , 1999 ) ; and management reform : elements of successful improvement initiatives ( gao/t- ggd-00-26 , oct. 15 , 1999 ) .

Related GAO Products Managing For Results : Federal Managers ' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills ( GAO-01-127 , Oct. 20 , 2001 ) .
related gao products managing for results : federal managers ' views show need for [making sure] top leadership skills ( gao-01-127 , oct. 20 , 2001 ) .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , [making sure] adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

Other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive techniques for ensuring that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .
other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive techniques for [making sure] that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .

Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .
despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of [making sure] that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .

Case Example : A Practical Method for Involving Business Managers in Risk Assessment A major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for ensuring that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .
case example : a practical method for involving business managers in risk assessment a major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for [making sure] that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .

Practice 5 : Designate a Central Group to Carry Out Key Activities Overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .
practice 5 : designate a central group to carry out key activities overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for [making sure] that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .

For example , some central groups controlled all new connections to the organization 's main network , ensuring that the connecting network met minimum security requirements .
for example , some central groups controlled all new connections to the organization 's main network , [making sure] that the connecting network met minimum security requirements .

The central security management groups played an important role in ensuring that policies were consistently implemented by serving as focal points for user questions .
the central security management groups played an important role in [making sure] that policies were consistently implemented by serving as focal points for user questions .

According to the analysis , the changes are designed to further the objectives of the prospective payment system,2 while maintaining the financial viability of the hospital industry and ensuring access to high quality health care for Medicare beneficiaries .
according to the analysis , the changes are designed to further the objectives of the prospective payment system,2 while maintaining the financial viability of the hospital industry and [making sure] access to high quality health care for medicare beneficiaries .

As discussed 2The objectives of the prospective payment system are to encourage hospitals to operate efficiently , while ensuring that they are compensated for legitimate costs .
as discussed 2the objectives of the prospective payment system are to encourage hospitals to operate efficiently , while [making sure] that they are compensated for legitimate costs .

Although the requester may want information based on insufficiently reliable data , you are responsible for ensuring that data are used appropriately to respond to the requester .
although the requester may want information based on insufficiently reliable data , you are responsible for [making sure] that data are used appropriately to respond to the requester .

Although the requester may want information based on data of undetermined reliability , you are responsible for ensuring that appropriate data are used to respond to the requester .
although the requester may want information based on data of undetermined reliability , you are responsible for [making sure] that appropriate data are used to respond to the requester .

The basic roles and responsibilities of the board were defined as enhancing shareholder value , assessing and monitoring risk , and ensuring management accountability .
the basic roles and responsibilities of the board were defined as enhancing shareholder value , assessing and monitoring risk , and [making sure] management accountability .

However , the fundamental principles of providing the right incentives , providing adequate transparency , and ensuring appropriate accountability are even more important and relevant as the new structure and reforms are being established .
however , the fundamental principles of providing the right incentives , providing adequate transparency , and [making sure] appropriate accountability are even more important and relevant as the new structure and reforms are being established .

Boards need to focus on enhancing the quality and reliability of financial reporting , identifying key elements of disclosure , and ensuring that such information is appropriately disclosed to investors and the public .
boards need to focus on enhancing the quality and reliability of financial reporting , identifying key elements of disclosure , and [making sure] that such information is appropriately disclosed to investors and the public .

As part of GAO 's responsibility to issue internal control standards and our commitment to improve financial management in government , we have worked with agencies to assist them in saving millions of dollars while ensuring that effective control was also included in the systems designs and modifications .
as part of gao 's responsibility to issue internal control standards and our commitment to improve financial management in government , we have worked with agencies to assist them in saving millions of dollars while [making sure] that effective control was also included in the systems designs and modifications .

These individuals are responsible for ensuring the legality , propriety , validity , and accuracy of all payments they authorize .
these individuals are responsible for [making sure] the legality , propriety , validity , and accuracy of all payments they authorize .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval [making sure] that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .

They also provide a means of holding GAO accountable for commitments made to the Congress and ensuring that GAO is consistent in dealing with all committees and Members .
they also provide a means of holding gao accountable for commitments made to the congress and [making sure] that gao is consistent in dealing with all committees and members .

These changes focused primarily on ( 1 ) ensuring technologies are demonstrated to a high level of maturity before beginning a weapon system program and ( 2 ) taking an evolutionary , or phased , approach to developing new weapon systems .
these changes focused primarily on ( 1 ) [making sure] technologies are demonstrated to a high level of maturity before beginning a weapon system program and ( 2 ) taking an evolutionary , or phased , approach to developing new weapon systems .

To determine the best practices for ensuring product design and manufacturing maturity from the commercial sector , we conducted general literature searches .
to determine the best practices for [making sure] product design and manufacturing maturity from the commercial sector , we conducted general literature searches .

This legislation will go a long way toward helping us address many of our human capital requirements and ensuring that GAO remains prepared to meet the Congress ' needs in the future .
this legislation will go a long way toward helping us address many of our human capital requirements and [making sure] that gao remains prepared to meet the congress ' needs in the future .

BUDGET REQUEST CRITICAL TO SUSTAINING EXISTING LEVEL OF SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for GAO services .
budget request critical to sustaining existing level of service to the congress the resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and [making sure] our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for gao services .

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1.16 Management and auditors of government programs fulfill essential roles and responsibilities in ensuring that public resources are used efficiently , economically , effectively , and legally .
roles and responsibilities 1.16 management and auditors of government programs fulfill essential roles and responsibilities in [making sure] that public resources are used efficiently , economically , effectively , and legally .

Audit organizations also have the important responsibility for ensuring that auditors can meet their responsibilities .
audit organizations also have the important responsibility for [making sure] that auditors can meet their responsibilities .

These general standards concern the fundamental requirements for ensuring the credibility of auditors ' results .
these general standards concern the fundamental requirements for [making sure] the credibility of auditors ' results .

This documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that audit objectives are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .
this documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in [making sure] that audit objectives are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .

Management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .
management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for [making sure] that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .

The design of these methods and the skill of the auditors applying them are the keys to ensuring that these data constitute sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence .
the design of these methods and the skill of the auditors applying them are the keys to [making sure] that these data constitute sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , [making sure] adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

Other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive techniques for ensuring that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .
other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive techniques for [making sure] that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .

Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .
despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of [making sure] that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .

Case Example : A Practical Method for Involving Business Managers in Risk Assessment A major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for ensuring that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .
case example : a practical method for involving business managers in risk assessment a major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for [making sure] that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .

Practice 5 : Designate a Central Group to Carry Out Key Activities Overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .
practice 5 : designate a central group to carry out key activities overall , the central security groups served as ( 1 ) catalysts for [making sure] that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations , ( 2 ) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations , and ( 3 ) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization .

For example , some central groups controlled all new connections to the organization 's main network , ensuring that the connecting network met minimum security requirements .
for example , some central groups controlled all new connections to the organization 's main network , [making sure] that the connecting network met minimum security requirements .

The central security management groups played an important role in ensuring that policies were consistently implemented by serving as focal points for user questions .
the central security management groups played an important role in [making sure] that policies were consistently implemented by serving as focal points for user questions .

Benefits resulting from GAO 's recommendations included better public safety and consumer protection , more efficient and effective government operations and services , help in ensuring Year 2000 readiness , and improvements to computer security .
benefits resulting from gao 's recommendations included better public safety and consumer protection , more efficient and effective government operations and services , help in [making sure] year 2000 readiness , and improvements to computer security .

They also reflect the nuances of American federalism , ensuring that implications of service delivery and devolution on state and local governments and on the private and nonprofit sectors are factored into all of its work .
they also reflect the nuances of american federalism , [making sure] that implications of service delivery and devolution on state and local governments and on the private and nonprofit sectors are factored into all of its work .

Our realignment is a critical component in improving our communications and outreach with the Congress and ensuring that we continue to maintain and foster ways to help the Congress meet its responsibilities .
our realignment is a critical component in improving our communications and outreach with the congress and [making sure] that we continue to maintain and foster ways to help the congress meet its responsibilities .

This change in the composition of our work has left GAO less flexibility to pursue R & D work-a component of our services to Congress that we believe is vital to ensuring that we can help Congress recognize important and emerging issues before they reach a crisis stage .
this change in the composition of our work has left gao less flexibility to pursue r & d work-a component of our services to congress that we believe is vital to [making sure] that we can help congress recognize important and emerging issues before they reach a crisis stage .

These factors included ( 1 ) fostering trust and respect ; ( 2 ) establishing effective , timely , and appropriately secure communication ; ( 3 ) obtaining top management support ; ( 4 ) ensuring organization leadership continuity ; and ( 5 ) generating clearly identifiable membership benefits .
these factors included ( 1 ) fostering trust and respect ; ( 2 ) establishing effective , timely , and appropriately secure communication ; ( 3 ) obtaining top management support ; ( 4 ) [making sure] organization leadership continuity ; and ( 5 ) generating clearly identifiable membership benefits .

Ensuring Leadership and Accountability for Agencies ' Transformation Efforts expressed about the methodology and results of the procedures to determine the federal pay gap .
[making sure] leadership and accountability for agencies ' transformation efforts expressed about the methodology and results of the procedures to determine the federal pay gap .

Activities may be classified by specific control objectives , such as ensuring completeness and accuracy of information processing .
activities may be classified by specific control objectives , such as [making sure] completeness and accuracy of information processing .

Monitoring of internal control should include policies and procedures for ensuring that the findings of audits and other reviews are promptly resolved .
monitoring of internal control should include policies and procedures for [making sure] that the findings of audits and other reviews are promptly resolved .

The conceptual planning phase should therefore be the phase when the review of designs is most intense , with the primary focus upon ensuring the appropriateness , accuracy , and thoroughness of the owner 's expectations regarding facility performance , quality , cost , and schedule .
the conceptual planning phase should therefore be the phase when the review of designs is most intense , with the primary focus upon [making sure] the appropriateness , accuracy , and thoroughness of the owner 's expectations regarding facility performance , quality , cost , and schedule .

Those parties involved should focus upon ensuring that the evolving facility design incorporates high standards of professional engineering practice , with regard to architectural , civil , structural , electrical , and mechanical systems and their interfaces .
those parties involved should focus upon [making sure] that the evolving facility design incorporates high standards of professional engineering practice , with regard to architectural , civil , structural , electrical , and mechanical systems and their interfaces .

During the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , ensuring that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .
during the tactical facility acquisition phase , inhouse facility engineering staff should be capable of providing the overall process leadership , [making sure] that all activities proceed in the best interest of the owner .

Section E sets out government and contractor responsibilities in ensuring that contract deliverables are acceptable to the agency .
section e sets out government and contractor responsibilities in [making sure] that contract deliverables are acceptable to the agency .

An agency is required to monitor contractor performance , ensuring that work done conforms to the agency 's requirements .
an agency is required to monitor contractor performance , [making sure] that work done conforms to the agency 's requirements .

The techniques for ensuring sufficient comparability and quality and for aggregating the information are what constitute the `` cumulative '' part of the methodology .
the techniques for [making sure] sufficient comparability and quality and for aggregating the information are what constitute the `` cumulative '' part of the methodology .

This organization proved helpful in ensuring that reasons why a site showed up as an outlier for a given theme could be discussed by someone who knew the site as a whole .
this organization proved helpful in [making sure] that reasons why a site showed up as an outlier for a given theme could be discussed by someone who knew the site as a whole .

We would need to assure ourselves , however , that case studies whose results we are going to use have adopted the same procedures for ensuring impartiality .
we would need to assure ourselves , however , that case studies whose results we are going to use have adopted the same procedures for [making sure] impartiality .

Since the underlying concern is that many states may be asking for federal assistance when they would have resources to handle more of their own needs if they collected revenues owing to them , case studies of a representative sample of states coupled with examination of the special interest state could be an efficient strategy for ensuring that we had a comprehensive understanding of what was happening and why .
since the underlying concern is that many states may be asking for federal assistance when they would have resources to handle more of their own needs if they collected revenues owing to them , case studies of a representative sample of states coupled with examination of the special interest state could be an efficient strategy for [making sure] that we had a comprehensive understanding of what was happening and why .

Personal saving plays a dual role , ensuring both individuals ' retirement security and the nation 's economic security .
personal saving plays a dual role , [making sure] both individuals ' retirement security and the nation 's economic security .

With an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , saving more today and increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .
with an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , saving more today and increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to [making sure] retirement security in the 21st century .

With an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .
with an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to [making sure] retirement security in the 21st century .

Medicare Reform : Ensuring Fiscal Sustainability While Modernizing the Program Will Be Challenging ( GAO/T-HEHS/AIMD-99-294 , September 22 , 1999 ) .
medicare reform : [making sure] fiscal sustainability while modernizing the program will be challenging ( gao/t-hehs/aimd-99-294 , september 22 , 1999 ) .

We have found that annual performance plans that include precise and measurable goals for resolving mission-critical management problems are important to ensuring that agencies have the institutional capacity to achieve their more resultsoriented programmatic goals .
we have found that annual performance plans that include precise and measurable goals for resolving mission-critical management problems are important to [making sure] that agencies have the institutional capacity to achieve their more resultsoriented programmatic goals .

These problems include top management 's lack of emphasis on ensuring that the internal controls are in place to deter fraud , waste , and abuse .
these problems include top management 's lack of emphasis on [making sure] that the internal controls are in place to deter fraud , waste , and abuse .

GSA 's plan also does not fully address issues raised by the Inspector General related to developing new management information systems and ensuring that automated information systems have the proper controls and safeguards .
gsa 's plan also does not fully address issues raised by the inspector general related to developing new management information systems and [making sure] that automated information systems have the proper controls and safeguards .

To help accomplish this , PRA designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of functions including information resource planning , budgeting , organizing , controlling , training , and ensuring the absence of duplication in information systems .
to help accomplish this , pra designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of functions including information resource planning , budgeting , organizing , controlling , training , and [making sure] the absence of duplication in information systems .

In particular , the role that the CEO and other senior managers play in ensuring the success of the CIO should be noted .
in particular , the role that the ceo and other senior managers play in [making sure] the success of the cio should be noted .

Rather , they take responsibility for ensuring that their CIO models are consistent with the business , technical , and cultural contexts of their enterprises .
rather , they take responsibility for [making sure] that their cio models are consistent with the business , technical , and cultural contexts of their enterprises .

Executives ensure this by giving the CIO a key role in IT investment decision-making , providing budget control , or ensuring leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .
executives ensure this by giving the cio a key role in it investment decision-making , providing budget control , or [making sure] leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .

Rather , the burden of ensuring information technology and management effectiveness shifts from senior executives to the CIO and his or her supporting organization .
rather , the burden of [making sure] information technology and management effectiveness shifts from senior executives to the cio and his or her supporting organization .

Case Study : Ensuring the Credibility of the CIO Organization This state « s Justice Network ( JNET ) illustrates how implementation of many of the practices discussed in this section has enhanced the credibility of the CIO and his supporting organization .
case study : [making sure] the credibility of the cio organization this state « s justice network ( jnet ) illustrates how implementation of many of the practices discussed in this section has enhanced the credibility of the cio and his supporting organization .

The project responds to the governor « s priority for consolidated agency projects , thereby ensuring high-level support for CIO efforts .
the project responds to the governor « s priority for consolidated agency projects , thereby [making sure] high-level support for cio efforts .

Strategies to Consider Performance measurement is a critical step in ensuring results and success from any project , but especially from information technology and management initiatives whose value is often difficult to capture .
strategies to consider performance measurement is a critical step in [making sure] results and success from any project , but especially from information technology and management initiatives whose value is often difficult to capture .

Computer Security Act of 1987 ( Public Law 100-235 , as amended by Public Law 104106 ) ¬ This law addresses the importance of ensuring and improving the security and privacy of sensitive information in federal computer systems .
computer security act of 1987 ( public law 100-235 , as amended by public law 104106 ) ¬ this law addresses the importance of [making sure] and improving the security and privacy of sensitive information in federal computer systems .

We subsequently interviewed 50 percent of the Federal CIO Council members as a means of comparing federal CIO practices with our case study results and ensuring that practices used in the industry and state organizations also addressed the challenges found in the federal government .
we subsequently interviewed 50 percent of the federal cio council members as a means of comparing federal cio practices with our case study results and [making sure] that practices used in the industry and state organizations also addressed the challenges found in the federal government .

Ensuring that Justice Communities Become Diverse , Inclusive , and Multiculturally Competent and Creating Cultures that Impact a Broader Range of Legal Issues than We Do ( i.e. , mental health and racial justice ) National organizations publicly affirm that a hallmark of the justice community is that it is diverse , inclusive , and multiculturally competent .
[making sure] that justice communities become diverse , inclusive , and multiculturally competent and creating cultures that impact a broader range of legal issues than we do ( i.e. , mental health and racial justice ) national organizations publicly affirm that a hallmark of the justice community is that it is diverse , inclusive , and multiculturally competent .

Of particular importance , however , are the methods for ensuring that LSC obtain necessary access to information in ways that ensure full compliance consistent with its statutory obligations .
of particular importance , however , are the methods for [making sure] that lsc obtain necessary access to information in ways that ensure full compliance consistent with its statutory obligations .

In October 2002 , we launched the LSC Resource Library Initiative ( LRI ) , a website committed to ensuring that LSC programs are aware of and have access to innovations in civil legal services work .
in october 2002 , we launched the lsc resource library initiative ( lri ) , a website committed to [making sure] that lsc programs are aware of and have access to innovations in civil legal services work .

These exemplary practices also were posted on the LSC Resource Library Initiative website ( LRI ) , ensuring easy and public access to information about them .
these exemplary practices also were posted on the lsc resource library initiative website ( lri ) , [making sure] easy and public access to information about them .

This system of competitive bidding eliminated the right of grantees to a hearing to contest a funding decision awarding a grant to a competitor , ensuring LSC can award grants to the best applicants without unnecessary administrative barriers .
this system of competitive bidding eliminated the right of grantees to a hearing to contest a funding decision awarding a grant to a competitor , [making sure] lsc can award grants to the best applicants without unnecessary administrative barriers .

In general , clearer guidance was provided to programs on reviewing their own reporting procedures and practices , ensuring they conformed to the Handbook and ensuring all branch offices were aware of and were following these procedures .
in general , clearer guidance was provided to programs on reviewing their own reporting procedures and practices , [making sure] they conformed to the handbook and [making sure] all branch offices were aware of and were following these procedures .

Legal Services programs may record and report the provision of legal assistance as a case only if : ( a ) the client is financially and otherwise eligible to receive assistance under the LSC Act , regulations , and other applicable law ; the client 's case is within program priorities ( or is an emergency case accepted under the program 's emergency case acceptance procedures ) ; the legal services program has actually accepted the client for service through its intake system or another established procedure for ensuring client eligibility ; ( b ) the type of legal assistance provided to the client is not prohibited by the LSC Act , regulations , or other applicable law ( e.g .
legal services programs may record and report the provision of legal assistance as a case only if : ( a ) the client is financially and otherwise eligible to receive assistance under the lsc act , regulations , and other applicable law ; the client 's case is within program priorities ( or is an emergency case accepted under the program 's emergency case acceptance procedures ) ; the legal services program has actually accepted the client for service through its intake system or another established procedure for [making sure] client eligibility ; ( b ) the type of legal assistance provided to the client is not prohibited by the lsc act , regulations , or other applicable law ( e.g .

Recognizing that valid questions have been raised regarding the accuracy and validity of the Case Service Reports ( CSR ) data that LSC 's grantees annually submit , LSC has committed itself to ensuring that reliable data is provided.14 The decrease in the number of closed cases for 1999 is , in large measure , the result of LSC 's new , more stringent reporting guidelines .
recognizing that valid questions have been raised regarding the accuracy and validity of the case service reports ( csr ) data that lsc 's grantees annually submit , lsc has committed itself to [making sure] that reliable data is provided.14 the decrease in the number of closed cases for 1999 is , in large measure , the result of lsc 's new , more stringent reporting guidelines .

Early planning efforts focused on development of additional resources , expansion of pro bono assistance and support from the private bar and ensuring effective delivery of services by the federally funded programs .
early planning efforts focused on development of additional resources , expansion of pro bono assistance and support from the private bar and [making sure] effective delivery of services by the federally funded programs .

Consisting of the Executive Directors of the state 's 33 nonprofit civil legal services programs , this group has responsibility for ensuring implementation at the program level .
consisting of the executive directors of the state 's 33 nonprofit civil legal services programs , this group has responsibility for [making sure] implementation at the program level .

The philosophy behind the Round Table is that all legal services advocates are responsible for ensuring high quality legal work of the program .
the philosophy behind the round table is that all legal services advocates are responsible for [making sure] high quality legal work of the program .

This ATJ Committee is responsible for ensuring that the culture of the judicial system is one that demonstrably values equal justice .
this atj committee is responsible for [making sure] that the culture of the judicial system is one that demonstrably values equal justice .

Commitment : Performance standards will include criteria for ensuring that grantees have effective administrative systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance .
commitment : performance standards will include criteria for [making sure] that grantees have effective administrative systems in place and that clients receive quality assistance .

Ensuring a secure , affordable energy supply : By setting firm caps while offering flexibility in how utilities can meet those caps , the Clear Skies Initiative preserves a diverse fuel mix that supports economic growth with reasonably priced energy .
[making sure] a secure , affordable energy supply : by setting firm caps while offering flexibility in how utilities can meet those caps , the clear skies initiative preserves a diverse fuel mix that supports economic growth with reasonably priced energy .

Our current regulatory programs are not the most efficient way to achieve the goal of ensuring a reliable energy supply in an environmentally responsible manner .
our current regulatory programs are not the most efficient way to achieve the goal of [making sure] a reliable energy supply in an environmentally responsible manner .

Despite inefficient service , opaque accounts , and large rents , many postal officials maintain that the monopoly , whatever its faults , is the only means of ensuring universal , affordable postal service for citizens throughout the nation .
despite inefficient service , opaque accounts , and large rents , many postal officials maintain that the monopoly , whatever its faults , is the only means of [making sure] universal , affordable postal service for citizens throughout the nation .

His first applications in May and June 2000 were denied because he lacked established ties in Germany ensuring his return from a trip to the United States .
his first applications in may and june 2000 were denied because he lacked established ties in germany [making sure] his return from a trip to the united states .

The command posts were in different locations , and OEM headquarters , which could have served as a focal point for information sharing , did not play an integrating role in ensuring that information was shared among agencies on 9/11 , even prior to its evacuation .
the command posts were in different locations , and oem headquarters , which could have served as a focal point for information sharing , did not play an integrating role in [making sure] that information was shared among agencies on 9/11 , even prior to its evacuation .

The ICAO should discuss the adoption of a standard requiring a digital code for all names that need to be translated into the Roman alphabet , ensuring one common spelling for all countries .
the icao should discuss the adoption of a standard requiring a digital code for all names that need to be translated into the roman alphabet , [making sure] one common spelling for all countries .

The NCTC would be accountable for tracking the progress of the case , ensuring that the plan evolved with it , and integrating the information into a warning .
the nctc would be accountable for tracking the progress of the case , [making sure] that the plan evolved with it , and integrating the information into a warning .

Recommendation : The CIA Director should emphasize ( a ) rebuilding the CIA 's analytic capabilities ; ( b ) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence capabilities ; ( c ) developing a stronger language program , with high standards and sufficient financial incentives ; ( d ) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities ; ( e ) ensuring a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the operational level ; and ( f ) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations .
recommendation : the cia director should emphasize ( a ) rebuilding the cia 's analytic capabilities ; ( b ) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence capabilities ; ( c ) developing a stronger language program , with high standards and sufficient financial incentives ; ( d ) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities ; ( e ) [making sure] a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the operational level ; and ( f ) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations .

A single federal agency should be responsible for providing and maintaining security clearances , ensuring uniform standards-including uniform security questionnaires and financial report requirements , and maintaining a single database .
a single federal agency should be responsible for providing and maintaining security clearances , [making sure] uniform standards-including uniform security questionnaires and financial report requirements , and maintaining a single database .

The draft also tasked OMB with ensuring that sufficient funds to support this program were found in U.S. budgets from fiscal years 2002 to 2006 .
the draft also tasked omb with [making sure] that sufficient funds to support this program were found in u.s. budgets from fiscal years 2002 to 2006 .

Multilateral freezing mechanisms now require waiting periods before being put into effect , eliminating the element of surprise and thus virtually ensuring that little money is actually frozen .
multilateral freezing mechanisms now require waiting periods before being put into effect , eliminating the element of surprise and thus virtually [making sure] that little money is actually frozen .

We also found that had the immigration system set a higher bar for determining whether individuals are who or what they claim to be-and ensuring routine consequences for violations-it could potentially have excluded , removed , or come into further contact with several hijackers who did not appear to meet the terms for admitting short-term visitors .
we also found that had the immigration system set a higher bar for determining whether individuals are who or what they claim to be-and [making sure] routine consequences for violations-it could potentially have excluded , removed , or come into further contact with several hijackers who did not appear to meet the terms for admitting short-term visitors .

Regular joint training at all levels is , moreover , essential to ensuring close coordination during an actual incident .
regular joint training at all levels is , moreover , essential to [making sure] close coordination during an actual incident .

His primary concern was ensuring that the pilots had a clear understanding of their rules of engagement .
his primary concern was [making sure] that the pilots had a clear understanding of their rules of engagement .

That is , we shuffle the dates/times and assign them to the original set of case locations , ensuring that both the spatial and temporal marginals are unchanged .
that is , we shuffle the dates/times and assign them to the original set of case locations , [making sure] that both the spatial and temporal marginals are unchanged .

It is clear from our analysis that the equality criterion , such that each individual with HIV in KwaZulu–Natal has an equal chance of receiving ARVs , can best be satisfied by utilizing all 54 HCFs for ARV distribution and ensuring that each HCF serves a catchment region of 40 to 60 km .
it is clear from our analysis that the equality criterion , such that each individual with hiv in kwazulu–natal has an equal chance of receiving arvs , can best be satisfied by utilizing all 54 hcfs for arv distribution and [making sure] that each hcf serves a catchment region of 40 to 60 km .

Definitions In the surveys , informed consent was defined as ensuring that a patient who is competent to make decisions is informed and consulted about his or her care .
definitions in the surveys , informed consent was defined as [making sure] that a patient who is competent to make decisions is informed and consulted about his or her care .

In General Comment 14 , the ESCR Committee also set out the core obligations of a state party to protect the right to health , which include ensuring “ the right of access to health facilities , goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis , especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups , ” the provision of essential drugs “ as from time to time defined by WHO 's Action Programme on Essential Drugs , ” and ensuring “ equitable distribution of all health facilities , goods and services. ” In addition to these and other core obligations , the ESCR Committee also set out “ obligations of comparable priority ” , including a state party 's obligation “ to take measures to prevent , treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases , ” “ to provide education and access to information concerning the main health problems in the community , including methods of preventing and controlling them , ” and “ to provide appropriate training for health personnel , including education on health and human rights. ” The ESCR Committee also stated in General Comment 14 that “ any person or group who is a victim of a violation of the right to health should have access to effective judicial or other appropriate remedies at both national and international levels. ” As a state party , Nigeria is bound by the provisions of the International Covenant on Economic , Social , and Cultural Rights and the authoritative interpretations of the ESCR Committee .
in general comment 14 , the escr committee also set out the core obligations of a state party to protect the right to health , which include [making sure] “ the right of access to health facilities , goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis , especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups , ” the provision of essential drugs “ as from time to time defined by who 's action programme on essential drugs , ” and [making sure] “ equitable distribution of all health facilities , goods and services. ” in addition to these and other core obligations , the escr committee also set out “ obligations of comparable priority ” , including a state party 's obligation “ to take measures to prevent , treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases , ” “ to provide education and access to information concerning the main health problems in the community , including methods of preventing and controlling them , ” and “ to provide appropriate training for health personnel , including education on health and human rights. ” the escr committee also stated in general comment 14 that “ any person or group who is a victim of a violation of the right to health should have access to effective judicial or other appropriate remedies at both national and international levels. ” as a state party , nigeria is bound by the provisions of the international covenant on economic , social , and cultural rights and the authoritative interpretations of the escr committee .

The clear goal is ensuring that all patients truly receive the very best care available , as defined by rigorous scientific studies .
the clear goal is [making sure] that all patients truly receive the very best care available , as defined by rigorous scientific studies .

It would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby ensuring appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .
it would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby [making sure] appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .

The debate needs to focus on defining the best role for government in ensuring that people receive the best health care value .
the debate needs to focus on defining the best role for government in [making sure] that people receive the best health care value .

PLoS represents one of a number of possible approaches toward ensuring free and open access to the world 's literature [ 3 ] , and students should be at the forefront of this movement .
plos represents one of a number of possible approaches toward [making sure] free and open access to the world 's literature [ 3 ] , and students should be at the forefront of this movement .

Toward the Future As we come together from three continents to inaugurate the Student Forum in PLoS Medicine , we are committed to ensuring that this section of the journal remains a source of vigorous debate and thoughtful analysis .
toward the future as we come together from three continents to inaugurate the student forum in plos medicine , we are committed to [making sure] that this section of the journal remains a source of vigorous debate and thoughtful analysis .

By supporting United Way , you are ensuring that these important services continue .
by supporting united way , you are [making sure] that these important services continue .

I know you 're committed to ensuring today 's children have safe , healthy , and positive summer experiences .
i know you 're committed to [making sure] today 's children have safe , healthy , and positive summer experiences .

Puffy features on Beatty in various ( non-Murdoch ) magazines and newspapers have suggested that Fox , which was contractually obligated to make and release Bulworth , has tried to bury the picture , thus ensuring its status as a cause célèbre among pundits who 'd love to stick it to Rupert , even if that means enriching his company .
puffy features on beatty in various ( non-murdoch ) magazines and newspapers have suggested that fox , which was contractually obligated to make and release bulworth , has tried to bury the picture , thus [making sure] its status as a cause célèbre among pundits who 'd love to stick it to rupert , even if that means enriching his company .

What if this `` friend '' then uses these tapes to put you in the international spotlight , facing federal criminal charges , as well as ensuring your place in the history books as the penultimate stupid bimbo ?
what if this `` friend '' then uses these tapes to put you in the international spotlight , facing federal criminal charges , as well as [making sure] your place in the history books as the penultimate stupid bimbo ?

From a purely moral point of view , is it not utterly despicable for the president of the United States to use the power of his office to destroy the reputation of a person for the sole purpose of ensuring that that person will not be believed when she tells the truth ?
from a purely moral point of view , is it not utterly despicable for the president of the united states to use the power of his office to destroy the reputation of a person for the sole purpose of [making sure] that that person will not be believed when she tells the truth ?

I now intend to approach the Fox network about starting my own , competing Quiz , ensuring that Randy will never speak to me again .
i now intend to approach the fox network about starting my own , competing quiz , [making sure] that randy will never speak to me again .

That scandal , you may remember , featured the elder Bush secretly flying not to Houston but to Paris in October 1980 to cut a deal with the Iranian mullahs so that the American hostages would not be released before Election Day -- thus , according to the theory , ensuring Ronald Reagan 's victory over Jimmy Carter .
that scandal , you may remember , featured the elder bush secretly flying not to houston but to paris in october 1980 to cut a deal with the iranian mullahs so that the american hostages would not be released before election day -- thus , according to the theory , [making sure] ronald reagan 's victory over jimmy carter .

The Times suggests the key factor is ensuring that investors have access to good information regarding any stock to be purchased .
the times suggests the key factor is [making sure] that investors have access to good information regarding any stock to be purchased .

Chapman 's ultimate goal is actually one we share : ensuring that the American people fully understand the Clinton administration 's success in reducing the size of government while increasing its effect .
chapman 's ultimate goal is actually one we share : [making sure] that the american people fully understand the clinton administration 's success in reducing the size of government while increasing its effect .

A piece about the Kyoto summit argues that we would do better to clean our `` microenvironments '' than to deal with greenhouse gases : Ensuring supplies of clean water and food is a much more fundamental project than hashing out unenforceable international pollution laws .
a piece about the kyoto summit argues that we would do better to clean our `` microenvironments '' than to deal with greenhouse gases : [making sure] supplies of clean water and food is a much more fundamental project than hashing out unenforceable international pollution laws .

Helburn and Morris point out , since tax credits can be used for any kind of care the parents choose -- and parents being the way they are -- tax breaks are `` not good tools for ensuring good quality . ''
helburn and morris point out , since tax credits can be used for any kind of care the parents choose -- and parents being the way they are -- tax breaks are `` not good tools for [making sure] good quality . ''

His brilliant stroke was to brag that his prize would be worth more than the Nobel , thus ensuring lavish press coverage .
his brilliant stroke was to brag that his prize would be worth more than the nobel , thus [making sure] lavish press coverage .

He must lead the way in ensuring that it does not grow any larger . ''
he must lead the way in [making sure] that it does not grow any larger . ''

The paper points out that Clinton is trying to address the former problem by ensuring that a $ 4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion research program will adequately maintain the nation 's nuke stockpile .
the paper points out that clinton is trying to address the former problem by [making sure] that a $ 4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion research program will adequately maintain the nation 's nuke stockpile .

Frenchman Michel Camdessus will step down in February after 13 years as head of the multinational lending agency charged with ensuring global economic stability .
frenchman michel camdessus will step down in february after 13 years as head of the multinational lending agency charged with [making sure] global economic stability .

Usually by ensuring that neither romantic partner is in the other 's chain of command .
usually by [making sure] that neither romantic partner is in the other 's chain of command .

The majors have a stranglehold on those slots , and they 've invested a lot of energy and money in ensuring that they continue to own them .
the majors have a stranglehold on those slots , and they 've invested a lot of energy and money in [making sure] that they continue to own them .

American workers now pull more overtime than they did in the 1980s , and more companies have embraced required overtime as a way of ensuring that work gets done .
american workers now pull more overtime than they did in the 1980s , and more companies have embraced required overtime as a way of [making sure] that work gets done .

Steven Jobs , having learned his lesson at Apple , where he was forced out by professional manager John Sculley , owns 71 percent of his new company , Pixar ( makers of Toy Story ) , thereby ensuring that no one will ever push him around again .
steven jobs , having learned his lesson at apple , where he was forced out by professional manager john sculley , owns 71 percent of his new company , pixar ( makers of toy story ) , thereby [making sure] that no one will ever push him around again .

Add to that the idea that a massive opening is a kind of PR event in itself , and you 've got an argument for ensuring that consumers wo n't be able to go anywhere without thinking about Austin Powers .
add to that the idea that a massive opening is a kind of pr event in itself , and you 've got an argument for [making sure] that consumers wo n't be able to go anywhere without thinking about austin powers .

You have not devoted one penny to ensuring the solvency of Medicare .
you have not devoted one penny to [making sure] the solvency of medicare .

Having defined anything less than the total recapture of Kosovo and the restoration of its refugees as a failure , Clinton 's critics are ensuring that such failure will be interpreted as catastrophically as possible .
having defined anything less than the total recapture of kosovo and the restoration of its refugees as a failure , clinton 's critics are [making sure] that such failure will be interpreted as catastrophically as possible .

Because snail mail is not always reliable , many people with social graces have substituted the fax , ensuring both timeliness and actual arrival .
because snail mail is not always reliable , many people with social graces have substituted the fax , [making sure] both timeliness and actual arrival .

The main arguments for expansion , from the U.S. point of view , are : 1 ) This is an opportunity to consolidate the Cold War victory by locking in the allegiance of newly democratic nations and ensuring their stability ; 2 ) This is an insurance policy against a potentially resurgent Russia ; and 3 ) This guarantees a continuing leadership role for the United States in Europe , even as Europe creates and strengthens its own institutions of unity .
the main arguments for expansion , from the u.s. point of view , are : 1 ) this is an opportunity to consolidate the cold war victory by locking in the allegiance of newly democratic nations and [making sure] their stability ; 2 ) this is an insurance policy against a potentially resurgent russia ; and 3 ) this guarantees a continuing leadership role for the united states in europe , even as europe creates and strengthens its own institutions of unity .

It 's just a small gesture from Slate to help the world 's leading press critic do his job of ensuring the highest standards of honesty , accuracy , and freedom of thought in the press .
it 's just a small gesture from slate to help the world 's leading press critic do his job of [making sure] the highest standards of honesty , accuracy , and freedom of thought in the press .

Matsch argued that the workers who were killed had been establishing justice , ensuring domestic tranquility , and promoting the general welfare .
matsch argued that the workers who were killed had been establishing justice , [making sure] domestic tranquility , and promoting the general welfare .

