Sir -- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England , we insisted , through the Declaration of Independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity .
sir -- when the colonies decided upon freedom from england , we insisted , through the declaration of independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political [being] .

For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .
for all involved in this discussion the devil is a real [being] who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .

This is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in Delaware as the Tri-State Pipeline Corporation , with principal offices in New York State .
this is a pilot operation sponsored by a new [being] chartered in delaware as the tri-state pipeline corporation , with principal offices in new york state .

If communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism .
if communication with an [being] on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism .

( Since the time-span of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the United States as an independent entity , it is perhaps natural for Americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order , something permanent and unchanging .
( since the time-span of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the united states as an independent [being] , it is perhaps natural for americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order , something permanent and unchanging .

Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .
both i and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the [being] which i now am .

Seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions .
seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of subsistent [being] now covered by adventitious accretions .

For the purposes of setting the product price , the industry behaves as a single entity .
for the purposes of setting the product price , the industry behaves as a single [being] .

Does society really exist as an entity over and above the agglomeration of men ? ?
does society really exist as an [being] over and above the agglomeration of men ? ?

You talked about John-and-Linda as an entity .
you talked about john-and-linda as an [being] .

He says male rape does n't exist as a legal entity in this country , the law needs changing to alter people 's perceptions It 's the same as any other serious sexual crime
he says male rape does n't exist as a legal [being] in this country , the law needs changing to alter people 's perceptions it 's the same as any other serious sexual crime

There has been speculation that the move might be the first step towards privatisation of the business formed as a state-owned entity in 1989 when the Government decided to withdraw the nuclear power sector from plans to privatise the rest of the electricity industry .
there has been speculation that the move might be the first step towards privatisation of the business formed as a state-owned [being] in 1989 when the government decided to withdraw the nuclear power sector from plans to privatise the rest of the electricity industry .

The new entity , in which each company will have a 50 per cent stake , will distribute in France the brands owned by the two companies , including Glenfiddich , Grant 's , St Raphael , Noilly-Prat and Otard .
the new [being] , in which each company will have a 50 per cent stake , will distribute in france the brands owned by the two companies , including glenfiddich , grant 's , st raphael , noilly-prat and otard .

The students are visiting three French cities to discover more about the single European market , an entity which probably received a severe setback last weekend .
the students are visiting three french cities to discover more about the single european market , an [being] which probably received a severe setback last weekend .

Medved muddies the waters by treating cinema , television and pop more or less as a single entity .
medved muddies the waters by treating cinema , television and pop more or less as a single [being] .

Against the arguments of writers such as Poulantzas , that the state is not an intrinsic entity , a subject capable of exercising power in its own right ( e.g .
against the arguments of writers such as poulantzas , that the state is not an intrinsic [being] , a subject capable of exercising power in its own right ( e.g .

And yet the house had a spiritual entity that seemed to surpass its physical one .
and yet the house had a spiritual [being] that seemed to surpass its physical one .

Someone who says there is no actual entity separate from the world called beauty could still be a chap who believed that the word ‘ beautiful ’ had a vivid and important use .
someone who says there is no actual [being] separate from the world called beauty could still be a chap who believed that the word ‘ beautiful ’ had a vivid and important use .

Someone who says there is not actual entity separate from the world called beauty could still be a chap who believed that the word beautiful had a vivid and important use .
someone who says there is not actual [being] separate from the world called beauty could still be a chap who believed that the word beautiful had a vivid and important use .

The growth of the Resins Group over its , so far , brief history as a business entity , can be measured by a number of different bench marks , quite apart from the most obvious one of its international market share in which there is a healthy upwards trend .
the growth of the resins group over its , so far , brief history as a business [being] , can be measured by a number of different bench marks , quite apart from the most obvious one of its international market share in which there is a healthy upwards trend .

To me the studio is a totally separate entity ; you ca n't go out on stage and try to re-create your record , because it 's boring .
to me the studio is a totally separate [being] ; you ca n't go out on stage and try to re-create your record , because it 's boring .

If the question is asked whether Gandhi is not aware of the dangers of contradiction in his use of personal and impersonal terms to describe God , the answer might be that it would depend whether the personal use of the term God refers to an entity , or being , in the form of an extra-mundane person , whether or not a contradiction is involved .
if the question is asked whether gandhi is not aware of the dangers of contradiction in his use of personal and impersonal terms to describe god , the answer might be that it would depend whether the personal use of the term god refers to an [being] , or being , in the form of an extra-mundane person , whether or not a contradiction is involved .

He insists that ‘ you labour under a limitation when you think of a being or entity who is beyond the power of a man to grasp ’ , so it can be maintained that he is aware of the problems involved in his personal-impersonal uses of the term God .
he insists that ‘ you labour under a limitation when you think of a being or [being] who is beyond the power of a man to grasp ’ , so it can be maintained that he is aware of the problems involved in his personal-impersonal uses of the term god .

So when he claims to have had glimpses of absolute Truth , it may be reasonable to assume , not that he has caught a glimpse of some kind of hypostasized Ultimate or extra-mundane entity , but rather that through his participation in a particular form of life he is made aware of the need to live and act in accordance with certain religious and ethical criteria and is informed by the spirit of what might be called dharma ( law ) , or ta ( moral law ) , or tao ( way ) but which he prefers to call Truth ( Satya ) or God .
so when he claims to have had glimpses of absolute truth , it may be reasonable to assume , not that he has caught a glimpse of some kind of hypostasized ultimate or extra-mundane [being] , but rather that through his participation in a particular form of life he is made aware of the need to live and act in accordance with certain religious and ethical criteria and is informed by the spirit of what might be called dharma ( law ) , or ta ( moral law ) , or tao ( way ) but which he prefers to call truth ( satya ) or god .

As we have seen , Gandhi recognizes that no single religion can embody the whole truth , and that all particular religions contain errors since they are human constructs or formulations , but does it follow necessarily that when he speaks of Religion underlying all human constructs , or at the heart of all religions , he is referring to an ‘ essence ’ of an ‘ entity ’ or a ‘ primordial form ’ of religion after the fashion of Schleiermacher ?
as we have seen , gandhi recognizes that no single religion can embody the whole truth , and that all particular religions contain errors since they are human constructs or formulations , but does it follow necessarily that when he speaks of religion underlying all human constructs , or at the heart of all religions , he is referring to an ‘ essence ’ of an ‘ [being] ’ or a ‘ primordial form ’ of religion after the fashion of schleiermacher ?

To speak of religion as if it is a ‘ primordial form ’ or an ‘ entity ’ is to hypostasize it .
to speak of religion as if it is a ‘ primordial form ’ or an ‘ [being] ’ is to hypostasize it .

This means that the practitioner recognizes that the patient is not just a physical entity but also has emotional , mental and spiritual aspects — all or any of which may need treatment .
this means that the practitioner recognizes that the patient is not just a physical [being] but also has emotional , mental and spiritual aspects — all or any of which may need treatment .

’ Reminding us that Sutherland 's answer was definitely not , Hopkins points out with insight that this negative answer was only possible because Sutherland conflated individual and corporate crime , thus reducing large rambling enterprises with thousands of employees to a single entity .
’ reminding us that sutherland 's answer was definitely not , hopkins points out with insight that this negative answer was only possible because sutherland conflated individual and corporate crime , thus reducing large rambling enterprises with thousands of employees to a single [being] .

Studies of whole word recognition attempt to recognise a word as a single entity by examining certain global features of the word .
studies of whole word recognition attempt to recognise a word as a single [being] by examining certain global features of the word .

This is a theoretical entity that contains a specification of the word 's defining characteristics .
this is a theoretical [being] that contains a specification of the word 's defining characteristics .

Duroc had barely heard of the Ancient Adversary , but he knew this entity was one of the few Great Unseen Powers that stood in opposition to the Dark Ones , the extra-dimensional masters to whom Nguyen Seth had dedicated his long life .
duroc had barely heard of the ancient adversary , but he knew this [being] was one of the few great unseen powers that stood in opposition to the dark ones , the extra-dimensional masters to whom nguyen seth had dedicated his long life .

It is merely that the choice is made to run it as a self-contained entity and the appropriate structure thus created for it .
it is merely that the choice is made to run it as a self-contained [being] and the appropriate structure thus created for it .

Scotland is a compact educational entity with long experience of strongly centralized modes of operation .
scotland is a compact educational [being] with long experience of strongly centralized modes of operation .

Without probing too deeply into the reasons for the emergence of that national consensus — and the cogency of the Munn report 's argument and the compactness of Scotland as an educational entity , can not be disregarded in this connection — the existence of that consensus is beyond question and it undoubtedly made the introduction of a national curriculum framework a relatively unproblematic matter .
without probing too deeply into the reasons for the emergence of that national consensus — and the cogency of the munn report 's argument and the compactness of scotland as an educational [being] , can not be disregarded in this connection — the existence of that consensus is beyond question and it undoubtedly made the introduction of a national curriculum framework a relatively unproblematic matter .

She saw one entity , one woman , the reality of her — rather forbidding , she thought .
she saw one [being] , one woman , the reality of her — rather forbidding , she thought .

This means that we can still operate as an independent entity with our own , in some cases , unique courses and programmes , but we have the backing of a highly reputable university .
this means that we can still operate as an independent [being] with our own , in some cases , unique courses and programmes , but we have the backing of a highly reputable university .

But as society developed , men began to take control of the world and felt their separation from it ; instead of seeing themselves as deeply identified with their environment , people became aware of the personality as perspicacious to itself and as a unique , distinct entity .
but as society developed , men began to take control of the world and felt their separation from it ; instead of seeing themselves as deeply identified with their environment , people became aware of the personality as perspicacious to itself and as a unique , distinct [being] .

Russians adopted the orthodox spirituality of the Greeks and it is interesting that , even after decades of Soviet oppression , they do not have the same problems about the reality they call ‘ God ’ as we do in the West , where Christians always behaved as though God could be discussed like any other metaphysical entity .
russians adopted the orthodox spirituality of the greeks and it is interesting that , even after decades of soviet oppression , they do not have the same problems about the reality they call ‘ god ’ as we do in the west , where christians always behaved as though god could be discussed like any other metaphysical [being] .

Thera-vada Buddhism , the Buddhism of the Elders , has no belief in a soul or entity in man .
thera-vada buddhism , the buddhism of the elders , has no belief in a soul or [being] in man .

Seldom , however , was a market area a tidy territorial entity ; rather it was the product of a complex of factors .
seldom , however , was a market area a tidy territorial [being] ; rather it was the product of a complex of factors .

Everyone feels the need nowadays to qualify the term ‘ Third World ’ , stating quite correctly that it should not be taken to imply a homogeneous entity .
everyone feels the need nowadays to qualify the term ‘ third world ’ , stating quite correctly that it should not be taken to imply a homogeneous [being] .

Such an argument , in implying that the problem is simply a question of the lack of history or of its presence , as if history were some undifferentiated entity that could just be added or taken away , stepped into or got out of , skates over the fact that the real question has always focused on the much more difficult issue of what kind of history , and of what status can be accorded to historical thought .
such an argument , in implying that the problem is simply a question of the lack of history or of its presence , as if history were some undifferentiated [being] that could just be added or taken away , stepped into or got out of , skates over the fact that the real question has always focused on the much more difficult issue of what kind of history , and of what status can be accorded to historical thought .

Against this Althusser maintains that time , even chronological time , is not just an empirical entity , but a concept ; that though history may be articulated in general with chronological time , each history has its own temporality , which can only be found by establishing the conceptual nexus of the history in question .
against this althusser maintains that time , even chronological time , is not just an empirical [being] , but a concept ; that though history may be articulated in general with chronological time , each history has its own temporality , which can only be found by establishing the conceptual nexus of the history in question .

Just as History involved the legitimation as knowledge of certain forms of political power , so the production of the subject by the human sciences as an object of knowledge also enabled a new form of political control : ‘ The individual is not a pre-given entity which is seized on by the exercise of power .
just as history involved the legitimation as knowledge of certain forms of political power , so the production of the subject by the human sciences as an object of knowledge also enabled a new form of political control : ‘ the individual is not a pre-given [being] which is seized on by the exercise of power .

It will be run as a free-standing entity .
it will be run as a free-standing [being] .

The problem is that egalitarian feminist method , like the conventional method , centres on a concept of the subject as a purely psychological entity .
the problem is that egalitarian feminist method , like the conventional method , centres on a concept of the subject as a purely psychological [being] .

It views the subject as a holistic entity , suggests that it encompasses consciousness as well as behaviour , and is interested in the interpersonal as well as the individual aspects of this consciousness .
it views the subject as a holistic [being] , suggests that it encompasses consciousness as well as behaviour , and is interested in the interpersonal as well as the individual aspects of this consciousness .

recognize that consciousness is not a consistent , unitary entity .
recognize that consciousness is not a consistent , unitary [being] .

Like egalitarian feminist psychology , woman-centred psychology sees the gendered subject as both a product of social relations , and a fixed , essential entity .
like egalitarian feminist psychology , woman-centred psychology sees the gendered subject as both a product of social relations , and a fixed , essential [being] .

Hollway , for instance , seems to see splitting as a process working on an original psychic entity , an unconscious subject , whose relations to discourse are left unspecified .
hollway , for instance , seems to see splitting as a process working on an original psychic [being] , an unconscious subject , whose relations to discourse are left unspecified .

All five component parts react with and are interdependent upon each other , so much so that all five behave as a single living entity .
all five component parts react with and are interdependent upon each other , so much so that all five behave as a single living [being] .

In fact a ‘ feature ’ is an interpretation of part of the retinal image rather than an entity with its own physical reality .
in fact a ‘ feature ’ is an interpretation of part of the retinal image rather than an [being] with its own physical reality .

For all her heritage of shared civilization , Europe was not an economic , nor a social , nor a racial or national entity .
for all her heritage of shared civilization , europe was not an economic , nor a social , nor a racial or national [being] .

Apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , Unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .
apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single [being] .

There is , to put it crudely , a firm intuition that the self we can identify with our immediate consciousness is a unity , in that we would not count as being that self any part or module of ourselves which was put forward as a candidate for being a conscious entity .
there is , to put it crudely , a firm intuition that the self we can identify with our immediate consciousness is a unity , in that we would not count as being that self any part or module of ourselves which was put forward as a candidate for being a conscious [being] .

The flood of tormented flesh appeared to be one single myriad-headed entity which was now compressing itself insanely till eyes started , skin split , till blood vessels sprayed .
the flood of tormented flesh appeared to be one single myriad-headed [being] which was now compressing itself insanely till eyes started , skin split , till blood vessels sprayed .

Why here , why Stalinvast , and not some other world ? Jaq imagined arcane astromantic calculations and perversions of Tarot divination — conducted by Carnelian , the Tarot-sneak ? — before this planet was chosen for the first emergence of the entity .
why here , why stalinvast , and not some other world ? jaq imagined arcane astromantic calculations and perversions of tarot divination — conducted by carnelian , the tarot-sneak ? — before this planet was chosen for the first emergence of the [being] .

On discovering a macabre entity such as the hydra , any Inquisitor worth his salt would call in the nearest available force of Terminator Marines — Blood Angels , Space Wolves , or whichever — to root out the malevolent lifeform .
on discovering a macabre [being] such as the hydra , any inquisitor worth his salt would call in the nearest available force of terminator marines — blood angels , space wolves , or whichever — to root out the malevolent lifeform .

How perceptive of her to realize that the entity might thrive on violent opposition .
how perceptive of her to realize that the [being] might thrive on violent opposition .

The daemonological laboratories of the Ordo Malleus — its Chamber Theoretical — needed to know about this strange new entity .
the daemonological laboratories of the ordo malleus — its chamber theoretical — needed to know about this strange new [being] .

Other great sections of the entity hung almost loose , huge gobs of spittle on glassy strands .
other great sections of the [being] hung almost loose , huge gobs of spittle on glassy strands .

Yet soon the glutinous entity was withdrawing far from his head , allowing him to see it squeezing portion by portion back into the ventilation system .
yet soon the glutinous [being] was withdrawing far from his head , allowing him to see it squeezing portion by portion back into the ventilation system .

When in future he removed coils of tentacle to seed the guts of the worlds he visited , so — he was assured — the entity would replenish itself , stasis notwithstanding , since the Chaos that underlay the universe connected the hydra together subtly , no matter how scattered its parts .
when in future he removed coils of tentacle to seed the guts of the worlds he visited , so — he was assured — the [being] would replenish itself , stasis notwithstanding , since the chaos that underlay the universe connected the hydra together subtly , no matter how scattered its parts .

The result was a multiform entity against which normal weapons were useless .
the result was a multiform [being] against which normal weapons were useless .

Ultimately the spores of the entity would pervade all of humanity , to which it vectored by design .
ultimately the spores of the [being] would pervade all of humanity , to which it vectored by design .

Where else could an entity composed of blended matter and immaterium really have been conceived and forged but in the Eye ?
where else could an [being] composed of blended matter and immaterium really have been conceived and forged but in the eye ?

The entity remained inert within the trunk yet could still restore what was taken .
the [being] remained inert within the trunk yet could still restore what was taken .

If , instead of acting physically , the adult names the object — ‘ dolly ’ — the child is likely to interpret the vocalisation not only as referring to the object , but as a description of the ‘ doll ’ as an entity ( Ninio and Bruner 1978 ) .
if , instead of acting physically , the adult names the object — ‘ dolly ’ — the child is likely to interpret the vocalisation not only as referring to the object , but as a description of the ‘ doll ’ as an [being] ( ninio and bruner 1978 ) .

Every attempt to establish what the referent of a sign is forces us to define the referent in terms of an abstract entity which moreover is only a cultural convention .
every attempt to establish what the referent of a sign is forces us to define the referent in terms of an abstract [being] which moreover is only a cultural convention .

It focuses on systems , such as the family , considering them to be an entity , a whole , rather than merely the result of a number of contributions from independent parts or individuals .
it focuses on systems , such as the family , considering them to be an [being] , a whole , rather than merely the result of a number of contributions from independent parts or individuals .

If you stir enough of them together and stand back for a few hundred million years , the result is likely to be a chemical entity capable of reproducing itself — one of the fundamental differences between living and nonliving material .
if you stir enough of them together and stand back for a few hundred million years , the result is likely to be a chemical [being] capable of reproducing itself — one of the fundamental differences between living and nonliving material .

As we have seen , it is hard to draw the line between a conscious human being and a conscious machine likewise , we have to accept that any entity possessed of consciousness is in reality a living organism — whatever its physical characteristics .
as we have seen , it is hard to draw the line between a conscious human being and a conscious machine likewise , we have to accept that any [being] possessed of consciousness is in reality a living organism — whatever its physical characteristics .

Naturally such an entity would be hard to find , but its gravitational effect would be noticeable .
naturally such an [being] would be hard to find , but its gravitational effect would be noticeable .

However , we can nearly as easily do the sum for the theoretical elastic breaking strain , and if we do this , we are apt to find that the answer we get is very roughly the same for any solid , almost irrespective of its chemical entity .
however , we can nearly as easily do the sum for the theoretical elastic breaking strain , and if we do this , we are apt to find that the answer we get is very roughly the same for any solid , almost irrespective of its chemical [being] .

Assets are defined as ‘ rights or other access to future economic benefits controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events ’ .
assets are defined as ‘ rights or other access to future economic benefits controlled by an [being] as a result of past transactions or events ’ .

For example , an entity may have an asset ( access to future economic benefits ) as a result of past advertising that is expected to result in increased future sales ( and hence profitability ) .
for example , an [being] may have an asset ( access to future economic benefits ) as a result of past advertising that is expected to result in increased future sales ( and hence profitability ) .

In such a case there is no item of property , nor is there a person who owes an obligation to the entity .
in such a case there is no item of property , nor is there a person who owes an obligation to the [being] .

It suffices that customers are expected to act in a way that will provide economic benefits to the entity .
it suffices that customers are expected to act in a way that will provide economic benefits to the [being] .

Liabilities are ‘ an entity 's obligations to transfer economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events ’ .
liabilities are ‘ an [being] 's obligations to transfer economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events ’ .

One of the most obvious implications of this definition is that if there is no obligation , there is no liability : it follows that costs to be incurred in the future are not liabilities while the entity retains the discretion to avoid them .
one of the most obvious implications of this definition is that if there is no obligation , there is no liability : it follows that costs to be incurred in the future are not liabilities while the [being] retains the discretion to avoid them .

Equity is defined as ‘ the ownership interest in the entity : it is the residual amount found by deducting all liabilities of the entity from all of the entity 's assets ’ .
equity is defined as ‘ the ownership interest in the [being] : it is the residual amount found by deducting all liabilities of the [being] from all of the [being] 's assets ’ .

Once it is determined that an entity has an item that meets the definition of one of the elements , the next question to answer is whether that item should be recognised in the financial statements .
once it is determined that an [being] has an item that meets the definition of one of the elements , the next question to answer is whether that item should be recognised in the financial statements .

On the other hand , contracts will only provide sufficient evidence where they give rise to a ‘ firm commitment ’ : the reporting entity 's obligation resulting from the contract can be enforced by an external party , and the circumstances are such that if necessary it will be so enforced .
on the other hand , contracts will only provide sufficient evidence where they give rise to a ‘ firm commitment ’ : the reporting [being] 's obligation resulting from the contract can be enforced by an external party , and the circumstances are such that if necessary it will be so enforced .

Most routine sale and purchase orders will not give rise to such firm commitments , as the entity could cancel them at will without incurring a severe penalty .
most routine sale and purchase orders will not give rise to such firm commitments , as the [being] could cancel them at will without incurring a severe penalty .

Pan-European entity proposals — Institute memorandum
pan-european [being] proposals — institute memorandum

Readers will be familiar with the definition of a fixed asset as an asset intended for use on a continuing basis in the reporting entity 's activities .
readers will be familiar with the definition of a fixed asset as an asset intended for use on a continuing basis in the reporting [being] 's activities .

Who is going to be responsible for physically dividing the space so that the sub-tenant can operate as a separate entity ?
who is going to be responsible for physically dividing the space so that the sub-tenant can operate as a separate [being] ?

In the human entity it manifests as consciousness reaching in its highest expression towards wisdom and enlightenment .
in the human [being] it manifests as consciousness reaching in its highest expression towards wisdom and enlightenment .

Each level of the human entity 's three beings is sustained by the energy in that dimension .
each level of the human [being] 's three beings is sustained by the energy in that dimension .

Physical evolution is concomitant with the evolution of an entity 's consciousness .
physical evolution is concomitant with the evolution of an [being] 's consciousness .

Jnana — relates to mystical or magical knowledge required by a spiritual teacher to enable him to deal with the mysterious powers of nature as well as the intuitive awareness of a single , all-including entity other than which nothing persists ( in simple terms , the Creator ) .
jnana — relates to mystical or magical knowledge required by a spiritual teacher to enable him to deal with the mysterious powers of nature as well as the intuitive awareness of a single , all-including [being] other than which nothing persists ( in simple terms , the creator ) .

, by tribal people in most countries , who , like the Aborigines , regard the earth as a living , breathing entity , its underground watercourses being seen in a similar light to the human arterial system .
, by tribal people in most countries , who , like the aborigines , regard the earth as a living , breathing [being] , its underground watercourses being seen in a similar light to the human arterial system .

These cavities correspond to the seven chakras or energy centres in the human entity .
these cavities correspond to the seven chakras or energy centres in the human [being] .

In laboratory experiments he has shown that the electrical field of the human entity can affect the contents of the vapour .
in laboratory experiments he has shown that the electrical field of the human [being] can affect the contents of the vapour .

Thoughts and emotions are energetic , and the human entity can transmit electrical impulses to a vapour , changing the structure of the molecules in the vapour , which then becomes a bank or repository of these human attributes .
thoughts and emotions are energetic , and the human [being] can transmit electrical impulses to a vapour , changing the structure of the molecules in the vapour , which then becomes a bank or repository of these human attributes .

In relation to what we regard as ‘ consciousness ’ , Bohm believes that there is a grave fallacy lurking behind the idea of ‘ individual consciousness ’ , that is the individual 's recognition of ‘ self ’ as being a separate and distinct entity .
in relation to what we regard as ‘ consciousness ’ , bohm believes that there is a grave fallacy lurking behind the idea of ‘ individual consciousness ’ , that is the individual 's recognition of ‘ self ’ as being a separate and distinct [being] .

The nature of both universal and human expression is identical , the universal being mirrored in the human entity .
the nature of both universal and human expression is identical , the universal being mirrored in the human [being] .

‘ The general theory of psycho-analysis , in its most abstract definition , is a psychology of mental processes and their organization . For such a psychology , mind has ceased to be a static structure or a substantial thing and has become a dynamic entity , a nexus of activities and a sequence of adaptive responses ’
‘ the general theory of psycho-analysis , in its most abstract definition , is a psychology of mental processes and their organization . for such a psychology , mind has ceased to be a static structure or a substantial thing and has become a dynamic [being] , a nexus of activities and a sequence of adaptive responses ’

It then became a part of Lewisham , but obtained a separate entity as an Urban District on the 15 May 1900 .
it then became a part of lewisham , but obtained a separate [being] as an urban district on the 15 may 1900 .

We distinguish between the independent financial entity and the competitive units it owns .
we distinguish between the independent financial [being] and the competitive units it owns .

Shares of the reporting entity are to be classified as equity or non-equity and an analysis is to be presented of shareholders ' funds between the amounts attributable to equity and non-equity shares .
shares of the reporting [being] are to be classified as equity or non-equity and an analysis is to be presented of shareholders ' funds between the amounts attributable to equity and non-equity shares .

Consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis that the undertakings included in the consolidation form a single entity ( ‘ the group ' ) .
consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis that the undertakings included in the consolidation form a single [being] ( ‘ the group ' ) .

There is a presumption that amounts included in debt represent unconditional contractual obligations of the reporting entity and would give rise to a claim on a winding up for an amount similar to that at which they are stated in the financial statements .
there is a presumption that amounts included in debt represent unconditional contractual obligations of the reporting [being] and would give rise to a claim on a winding up for an amount similar to that at which they are stated in the financial statements .

Liabilities are an entity 's obligations to transfer economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events .
liabilities are an [being] 's obligations to transfer economic benefits as a result of past transactions or events .

At one stage , as the game evolved from a purely Corinthian pastime to an internationally recognised entity , it looked as if student rugby , once a valuable missionary force , was destined to oblivion .
at one stage , as the game evolved from a purely corinthian pastime to an internationally recognised [being] , it looked as if student rugby , once a valuable missionary force , was destined to oblivion .

He must have asked himself , perplexed as to how to act , whether he would ever again get near enough to ‘ breathe ’ on Kee with his ardent breath , so as to melt their horrid separateness into one glorious entity .
he must have asked himself , perplexed as to how to act , whether he would ever again get near enough to ‘ breathe ’ on kee with his ardent breath , so as to melt their horrid separateness into one glorious [being] .

The statement says that where a member 's opinion is sought on the application of accounting standards or principles to specific circumstances or transactions of an entity of which he is not the auditor , he should ensure that he has access to all relevant information , he should contact the auditor to provide an opportunity for the latter to bring to his attention any relevant facts and , given his client 's permission , he should provide a copy of his opinion to the auditor .
the statement says that where a member 's opinion is sought on the application of accounting standards or principles to specific circumstances or transactions of an [being] of which he is not the auditor , he should ensure that he has access to all relevant information , he should contact the auditor to provide an opportunity for the latter to bring to his attention any relevant facts and , given his client 's permission , he should provide a copy of his opinion to the auditor .

Extraordinary items are material items possessing a high degree of abnormality which arise from events or transactions that fall outside the ordinary activities of the reporting entity and which are not expected to recur .
extraordinary items are material items possessing a high degree of abnormality which arise from events or transactions that fall outside the ordinary activities of the reporting [being] and which are not expected to recur .

the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other assets of the entity ; and
the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other assets of the [being] ; and

the finance is to be repaid out of the specific asset it has financed and not from the general resources of the entity .
the finance is to be repaid out of the specific asset it has financed and not from the general resources of the [being] .

There must be no provision for the entity to keep the asset on repayment of the finance , or to reacquire it at any time .
there must be no provision for the [being] to keep the asset on repayment of the finance , or to reacquire it at any time .

Capital allowances are irrelevant since the company is a non-taxpaying entity .
capital allowances are irrelevant since the company is a non-taxpaying [being] .

‘ We pull certain costs from one separate legal entity and merge them with separate costs from another legal entity .
‘ we pull certain costs from one separate legal [being] and merge them with separate costs from another legal [being] .

Traditionally , the data processing department has been an organisational entity — independent of all the user departments for which it processes information .
traditionally , the data processing department has been an organisational [being] — independent of all the user departments for which it processes information .

These three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .
these three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting [being] 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .

‘ We have strong reservations , ’ it says in its response to the document , ‘ about the usefulness of information contained in accounts which only relate to the activity of a branch in an economic entity .
‘ we have strong reservations , ’ it says in its response to the document , ‘ about the usefulness of information contained in accounts which only relate to the activity of a branch in an economic [being] .

Apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , Unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .
apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single [being] .

No people ever quite loses the quirks and quiddities that originally got it identified as a recognisable entity — as a people .
no people ever quite loses the quirks and quiddities that originally got it identified as a recognisable [being] — as a people .

First , there is the prison itself , as a physical entity — apparently given only a very minor role in the classical model .
first , there is the prison itself , as a physical [being] — apparently given only a very minor role in the classical model .

But surely in an economically and culturally disparate country such as Italy , which has existed as a single entity for little more than a century , a north-south break-up would be the best thing to promote accountability , reduce bureaucracy and eliminate waste .
but surely in an economically and culturally disparate country such as italy , which has existed as a single [being] for little more than a century , a north-south break-up would be the best thing to promote accountability , reduce bureaucracy and eliminate waste .

The fact that the men on the Area Boards were appointed directly by the Minister ( and not by the Central Authority — though the Organising Committee and later the Central Authority were consulted ) meant that the Boards were something rather more than subsidiaries of the larger entity .
the fact that the men on the area boards were appointed directly by the minister ( and not by the central authority — though the organising committee and later the central authority were consulted ) meant that the boards were something rather more than subsidiaries of the larger [being] .

The acceptance of Mr Museveni 's National Resistance Movement as the country 's only legal political entity amounts to a massive act of faith .
the acceptance of mr museveni 's national resistance movement as the country 's only legal political [being] amounts to a massive act of faith .

That the family was no longer a single entity , but included a variety of arrangements for caring for children , allowed extension of the net for suitable placement for children in public care .
that the family was no longer a single [being] , but included a variety of arrangements for caring for children , allowed extension of the net for suitable placement for children in public care .

For Thomas Dimove , a spokesman for the ex-Yugoslav Macedonians , it is a matter simply of acknowledging that Macedonia is an entirely different entity in the twentieth century than it was in the period shown in the exhibition .
for thomas dimove , a spokesman for the ex-yugoslav macedonians , it is a matter simply of acknowledging that macedonia is an entirely different [being] in the twentieth century than it was in the period shown in the exhibition .

Fascinating because it has been brought together by one of Britain 's leading painters ( although Hodgkin denies that the bright colours and strong forms employed by the Mughal period artists have influenced his art ) it is also an important entity in its own right .
fascinating because it has been brought together by one of britain 's leading painters ( although hodgkin denies that the bright colours and strong forms employed by the mughal period artists have influenced his art ) it is also an important [being] in its own right .

Try to see these masses and not see each individual feather as a separate entity and use the patterns of plumage to reinforce the bird 's colour and form ( Figure 6 ) .
try to see these masses and not see each individual feather as a separate [being] and use the patterns of plumage to reinforce the bird 's colour and form ( figure 6 ) .

The imbalance in our treatment of the two languages clearly reflects the traditional non-acceptance of sign language as an entity capable of mastery by hearing users .
the imbalance in our treatment of the two languages clearly reflects the traditional non-acceptance of sign language as an [being] capable of mastery by hearing users .

It is no coincidence that mass schooling was invented at roughly the time when nation states had come into existence and the need arose to instil in their citizens the idea that the new entity had first claim on their loyalties .
it is no coincidence that mass schooling was invented at roughly the time when nation states had come into existence and the need arose to instil in their citizens the idea that the new [being] had first claim on their loyalties .

The Fiend is an elemental entity of Evil from the Warp , which can be magically bound and commanded in various ways by powerful Evil wizards .
the fiend is an elemental [being] of evil from the warp , which can be magically bound and commanded in various ways by powerful evil wizards .

The fungi can be treated as a single , collective entity ( see Profiles ) .
the fungi can be treated as a single , collective [being] ( see profiles ) .

It is doubtful if we can talk about modern nations having a culture in the sense that we can say that there is a monolithic entity called American culture or British culture .
it is doubtful if we can talk about modern nations having a culture in the sense that we can say that there is a monolithic [being] called american culture or british culture .

‘ You ’ and ‘ Your ’ refer to any person or entity acquiring this package .
‘ you ’ and ‘ your ’ refer to any person or [being] acquiring this package .

Make the Program available to any person or entity other than your employees , who must use the software as specified above .
make the program available to any person or [being] other than your employees , who must use the software as specified above .

By contrast , capital consists of units of money and is thus a malleable entity , easily restructured into larger aggregations .
by contrast , capital consists of units of money and is thus a malleable [being] , easily restructured into larger aggregations .

Danger is likewise omnipresent ; virtually every entity and activity entails the possibility of illness , injury , and death .
danger is likewise omnipresent ; virtually every [being] and activity entails the possibility of illness , injury , and death .

The bad senses cluster around the notion of deliberately causing harm to another being or entity .
the bad senses cluster around the notion of deliberately causing harm to another being or [being] .

Perhaps not always as immediately dramatic as an exploding volcano , devastating earthquake nor a hurricane-force wind — but in terms of a sustained exertion of strength , it is probably the most powerful earth-borne entity known .
perhaps not always as immediately dramatic as an exploding volcano , devastating earthquake nor a hurricane-force wind — but in terms of a sustained exertion of strength , it is probably the most powerful earth-borne [being] known .

So a Pacific as defined by such minds might fall within the appropriate longitudes and latitudes , but it would be riddled with holes , a discontinuous mess , a collection of unconnected pieces of sea and land established principally to prove an argument about an entity of which they make up only a fraction .
so a pacific as defined by such minds might fall within the appropriate longitudes and latitudes , but it would be riddled with holes , a discontinuous mess , a collection of unconnected pieces of sea and land established principally to prove an argument about an [being] of which they make up only a fraction .

It is after all , an entity which gives house room to people as different as Chilean gaucho and Japanese silk farmer , Californian software writer and Australian brewer , Tongan noble and Panamanian politician ; it encompasses men and ideas more disparate and discordant than any to be found within the borders of any other physical entity on the planet .
it is after all , an [being] which gives house room to people as different as chilean gaucho and japanese silk farmer , californian software writer and australian brewer , tongan noble and panamanian politician ; it encompasses men and ideas more disparate and discordant than any to be found within the borders of any other physical [being] on the planet .

Whilst the heart of that entity fed on … worship , which was being damnably denied .
whilst the heart of that [being] fed on … worship , which was being damnably denied .

The socialist world was a ‘ powerful international entity ’ advancing along a path which ‘ reveal [ ed ] in every way the intellectual and moral wealth of man and society ’ .
the socialist world was a ‘ powerful international [being] ’ advancing along a path which ‘ reveal [ ed ] in every way the intellectual and moral wealth of man and society ’ .

They were an entity , the Jowles , warm as wool .
they were an [being] , the jowles , warm as wool .

In passive clauses , the subject is the affected entity , and the agent may or may not be specified , depending on the structures available in each language .
in passive clauses , the subject is the affected [being] , and the agent may or may not be specified , depending on the structures available in each language .

Note that the form of the verb changes in a passive structure to indicate that its subject is the affected entity rather than the agent .
note that the form of the verb changes in a passive structure to indicate that its subject is the affected [being] rather than the agent .

Rendering a passive structure by an active structure , or conversely an active structure by a passive structure in translation can affect the amount of information given in the clause , the linear arrangement of semantic elements such as agent and affected entity , and the focus of the message .
rendering a passive structure by an active structure , or conversely an active structure by a passive structure in translation can affect the amount of information given in the clause , the linear arrangement of semantic elements such as agent and affected [being] , and the focus of the message .

However , if anything , it is the new rather than the given entity which is regularly referred to by an attenuated syntactic structure .
however , if anything , it is the new rather than the given [being] which is regularly referred to by an attenuated syntactic structure .

Third-person pronouns are frequently used to refer back ( and occasionally forward ) to an entity which has already been introduced ( or is about to be introduced ) into the discourse .
third-person pronouns are frequently used to refer back ( and occasionally forward ) to an [being] which has already been introduced ( or is about to be introduced ) into the discourse .

For example , a given pronoun may refer to an entity which is present in the context of situation rather than in the surrounding text .
for example , a given pronoun may refer to an [being] which is present in the context of situation rather than in the surrounding text .

Third-person pronouns typically refer back ( or forward ) to a nominal expression in the text but may also be used to refer to an entity which is present in the immediate physical or mental context of situation .
third-person pronouns typically refer back ( or forward ) to a nominal expression in the text but may also be used to refer to an [being] which is present in the immediate physical or mental context of situation .

It may be useful at this point to suggest , following Halliday and Hasan , that there is a continuum of cohesive elements that may be used for referring back to an entity already mentioned in the discourse .
it may be useful at this point to suggest , following halliday and hasan , that there is a continuum of cohesive elements that may be used for referring back to an [being] already mentioned in the discourse .

But Labov 's main concern was to obtain insights into processes of linguistic change and to challenge linguistic theories which modelled language as a static entity , identifying homogeneity with structure .
but labov 's main concern was to obtain insights into processes of linguistic change and to challenge linguistic theories which modelled language as a static [being] , identifying homogeneity with structure .

Many reasons have been given for its demise : the potential high cost of registry operations ' insurance , especially since the participants ' liability had not been established ; the unwillingness of commodity traders to record their transactions in a central registry subject to inspection by competitors and tax authorities ; the reticence by the ultimate buyers of spot crude oil to acquire bills of lading from an entity designed to service intermediaries and speculators ; and the banks ' discomfort with the exclusive control of the registry business by one of their competitors .
many reasons have been given for its demise : the potential high cost of registry operations ' insurance , especially since the participants ' liability had not been established ; the unwillingness of commodity traders to record their transactions in a central registry subject to inspection by competitors and tax authorities ; the reticence by the ultimate buyers of spot crude oil to acquire bills of lading from an [being] designed to service intermediaries and speculators ; and the banks ' discomfort with the exclusive control of the registry business by one of their competitors .

On the other hand , it can be validly argued that it would be asking too much from a private entity to provide the same public notice that public registries have provided .
on the other hand , it can be validly argued that it would be asking too much from a private [being] to provide the same public notice that public registries have provided .

This does not , however , mean that the directors must use their powers to promote the welfare of the legal entity , though technically the duty is owed to the entity ( this has important implications for enforceability ) .
this does not , however , mean that the directors must use their powers to promote the welfare of the legal [being] , though technically the duty is owed to the [being] ( this has important implications for enforceability ) .

Of course , a rule permitting the directors to defend the company from a poorly-managed predator would be perfectly coherent ( and might be desirable ) , but this would not be because the entity has an intrinsic significance that merits protection , but rather because the rule would serve the rational purpose of protecting the interests of groups other than the shareholders who would be adversely affected by a change in control .
of course , a rule permitting the directors to defend the company from a poorly-managed predator would be perfectly coherent ( and might be desirable ) , but this would not be because the [being] has an intrinsic significance that merits protection , but rather because the rule would serve the rational purpose of protecting the interests of groups other than the shareholders who would be adversely affected by a change in control .

Whatever the merits of entity or enterprise formulations as a means of protecting ‘ third party ’ interests , the content of directors ' duties is not currently defined in enterprise terms .
whatever the merits of [being] or enterprise formulations as a means of protecting ‘ third party ’ interests , the content of directors ' duties is not currently defined in enterprise terms .

This view is supported on the basis that the section does not affect the definition of ‘ the interests of the company ’ , which continues to mean ‘ the interests of the company as a commercial entity as judged by reference to the interests of the shareholders ’ .
this view is supported on the basis that the section does not affect the definition of ‘ the interests of the company ’ , which continues to mean ‘ the interests of the company as a commercial [being] as judged by reference to the interests of the shareholders ’ .

But the state , from this point of view , is a nebulous entity ; and while men may choose to give their allegiance to it , it is to the government that they are required to give their obedience .
but the state , from this point of view , is a nebulous [being] ; and while men may choose to give their allegiance to it , it is to the government that they are required to give their obedience .

The course would be a total entity in its own right , and not a subsidiary subject taken for one term by full-time students during the second year of a degree or graduate equivalent course in general musicianship .
the course would be a total [being] in its own right , and not a subsidiary subject taken for one term by full-time students during the second year of a degree or graduate equivalent course in general musicianship .

Merchant ( 1982 ) , for example , believes that from the mid-seventeenth century onwards , the scientific view of Nature began to change ; instead of seeing Nature as an organic and harmonious entity , it began to be seen as external and chaotic ; the role of science was to exploit it .
merchant ( 1982 ) , for example , believes that from the mid-seventeenth century onwards , the scientific view of nature began to change ; instead of seeing nature as an organic and harmonious [being] , it began to be seen as external and chaotic ; the role of science was to exploit it .

It is pronunciation that Dobson is interested in , and the EModE phonological standard is referred to very frequently in terms that suggest that such an entity had some real existence at that time .
it is pronunciation that dobson is interested in , and the emode phonological standard is referred to very frequently in terms that suggest that such an [being] had some real existence at that time .

At this point the manufacturing entity , which was the largest facet of the organization in terms of people , initiated a change effort that was very creatively managed .
at this point the manufacturing [being] , which was the largest facet of the organization in terms of people , initiated a change effort that was very creatively managed .

This change process enabled the manufacturing entity to effect not only the required reduction in numbers of employees , but also an improvement in operation .
this change process enabled the manufacturing [being] to effect not only the required reduction in numbers of employees , but also an improvement in operation .

This is a distinct and separate legal entity from the people who own it which provides limited liability for shareholders .
this is a distinct and separate legal [being] from the people who own it which provides limited liability for shareholders .

This stems from the fact that neither form has the advantage of being a separate legal entity ; thus the debts of the business are the debts of the people who own that business .
this stems from the fact that neither form has the advantage of being a separate legal [being] ; thus the debts of the business are the debts of the people who own that business .

However , if each enterprise is a different company , each company being in itself a separate and distinct legal entity and thus taxed separately , the balancing of profit and loss between the enterprises so as to minimize overall tax liability can not be achieved .
however , if each enterprise is a different company , each company being in itself a separate and distinct legal [being] and thus taxed separately , the balancing of profit and loss between the enterprises so as to minimize overall tax liability can not be achieved .

Equally , the law recognizes that a company is a discrete and separate legal entity from those individuals who have a financial interest in it .
equally , the law recognizes that a company is a discrete and separate legal [being] from those individuals who have a financial interest in it .

The company incorporated by the memorandum of association was a separate legal entity from Salomon himself .
the company incorporated by the memorandum of association was a separate legal [being] from salomon himself .

One common way is to think of the United Kingdom 's economy as a national entity where the different parts — the various industries , banks , sections of the labour force and so on — are bound together by relations and institutions which are internal and national .
one common way is to think of the united kingdom 's economy as a national [being] where the different parts — the various industries , banks , sections of the labour force and so on — are bound together by relations and institutions which are internal and national .

Accounting is a measurement and communication system to provide economic and social information about an identifiable entity to permit users to make informed judgments and decisions leading to an optimal allocation of resources and the accomplishment of an organization 's objectives .
accounting is a measurement and communication system to provide economic and social information about an identifiable [being] to permit users to make informed judgments and decisions leading to an optimal allocation of resources and the accomplishment of an organization 's objectives .

The nature of a region is interpreted individually , therefore , but as an historically-created entity it is more than just one person 's interpretation . Paasi separates the two concepts in the following way :
the nature of a region is interpreted individually , therefore , but as an historically-created [being] it is more than just one person 's interpretation . paasi separates the two concepts in the following way :

Second , it is commonly the case that what is highlighted or backgrounded is an attribute , or range of attributes , of the entity referred to .
second , it is commonly the case that what is highlighted or backgrounded is an attribute , or range of attributes , of the [being] referred to .

Another differentiable relation with lexical relevance is the relation between an entity and its parts .
another differentiable relation with lexical relevance is the relation between an [being] and its parts .

The same is true of parts : it is not possible to divide an entity into only one part ( although it is possible to divide an entity into parts which are not lexically discriminated — see chapter 7 ) .
the same is true of parts : it is not possible to divide an [being] into only one part ( although it is possible to divide an [being] into parts which are not lexically discriminated — see chapter 7 ) .

Nevertheless , as was also suggested with respect to South Eastern secretarial/office staff , there is the opportunity for computer staff to make a ( semi- ) permanent career out of `` temping `` , and with the latter group this is made more explicit by the creation of the ( semi ) permanent entity of the company .
nevertheless , as was also suggested with respect to south eastern secretarial/office staff , there is the opportunity for computer staff to make a ( semi- ) permanent career out of `` temping `` , and with the latter group this is made more explicit by the creation of the ( semi ) permanent [being] of the company .

By reference to this , more information may be gathered on the component 's function which may further clarify the discrete purpose , or purposes , being attributed to the entity under consideration .
by reference to this , more information may be gathered on the component 's function which may further clarify the discrete purpose , or purposes , being attributed to the [being] under consideration .

From this , and knowledge of the requirements of the complete machine or structure , it is possible to ascertain the reason for the inclusion of any feature , or entity , in the detailed design layout .
from this , and knowledge of the requirements of the complete machine or structure , it is possible to ascertain the reason for the inclusion of any feature , or [being] , in the detailed design layout .

The highest level of system operation thus takes place , not at the normal detailed entity level , but at a level where only functioning spaces are considered .
the highest level of system operation thus takes place , not at the normal detailed [being] level , but at a level where only functioning spaces are considered .

These relationships can be further refined down to an entity or primitive level in the intersection between the two geometric domains .
these relationships can be further refined down to an [being] or primitive level in the intersection between the two geometric domains .

Searching may thus cease at the first level or spread down and out , through the analysis of the primitives or entity geometry , into a fine check of a region of local geometry .
searching may thus cease at the first level or spread down and out , through the analysis of the primitives or [being] geometry , into a fine check of a region of local geometry .

It is therefore sensible to compensate for this increased entity description by attempting to rationalize what entities need to be communicated between workstations and company sites .
it is therefore sensible to compensate for this increased [being] description by attempting to rationalize what entities need to be communicated between workstations and company sites .

It is only after the very last entity has been displayed that any quantitative evaluation can be performed .
it is only after the very last [being] has been displayed that any quantitative evaluation can be performed .

In contrast with earlier discussions and orders , which treated all `` Cossacks `` and `` Russians `` as an entity , it certainly allows for some distinction to be drawn between those who were liable for repatriation and those who were not — hence , for instance , the ruling that the White Russian Schutzkorps was to be excluded .
in contrast with earlier discussions and orders , which treated all `` cossacks `` and `` russians `` as an [being] , it certainly allows for some distinction to be drawn between those who were liable for repatriation and those who were not — hence , for instance , the ruling that the white russian schutzkorps was to be excluded .

It must be further borne in mind that , right to the end , the vast majority of the Cossacks were to continue to see themselves , regardless of their own individual status or background , as a collective entity .
it must be further borne in mind that , right to the end , the vast majority of the cossacks were to continue to see themselves , regardless of their own individual status or background , as a collective [being] .

However , despite the formal integration of the territory into the regular administrative structure of the empire , a combination of human and material circumstances peculiar to Siberia served to preserve the particularity of the region in a number of ways , which led later ’ regionalist ' historians and thinkers to consider Siberia to be a quite distinct entity , in other senses than the merely geographical , from European Russia , with its own unique characteristics , needs and requirements .
however , despite the formal integration of the territory into the regular administrative structure of the empire , a combination of human and material circumstances peculiar to siberia served to preserve the particularity of the region in a number of ways , which led later ’ regionalist ' historians and thinkers to consider siberia to be a quite distinct [being] , in other senses than the merely geographical , from european russia , with its own unique characteristics , needs and requirements .

can pick the shoal up as an entity , then between the boats
can pick the shoal up as an [being] , then between the boats

We think the penal system is best seen as one highly complex system and the penal crisis as a single entity — albeit with multiplex causation and a variety of symptoms .
we think the penal system is best seen as one highly complex system and the penal crisis as a single [being] — albeit with multiplex causation and a variety of symptoms .

The development of a separate Montenegrin political and cultural entity came about as a result of the forcible separation of Zeta from the main body of the Serbs after the death of Tsar Dušan in 1355 .
the development of a separate montenegrin political and cultural [being] came about as a result of the forcible separation of zeta from the main body of the serbs after the death of tsar dušan in 1355 .

v. Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants the House of Lords held that a union registered under the Trade Union Act 1871 was enough of a legal entity to be sued in tort .
v. amalgamated society of railway servants the house of lords held that a union registered under the trade union act 1871 was enough of a legal [being] to be sued in tort .

Of paramount importance were Paracelsus 's conception of disease as a specific entity , taking up its residence in localised sites and possessing a distinct natural course , and the hypothesis that a specific remedy could be applied to counteract such an intrusion .
of paramount importance were paracelsus 's conception of disease as a specific [being] , taking up its residence in localised sites and possessing a distinct natural course , and the hypothesis that a specific remedy could be applied to counteract such an intrusion .

After its recognition in 1936 and its description as a clinical entity in 1938 , the prognosis has improved from a few months of life to a median age of survival of over 20 years .
after its recognition in 1936 and its description as a clinical [being] in 1938 , the prognosis has improved from a few months of life to a median age of survival of over 20 years .

Though macrosomia can not be directly equated with morbidity , as long as maternal glycaemia during pregnancy can be shown to influence any aspect of fetal outcome the entity of gestational diabetes can not be dismissed out of hand .
though macrosomia can not be directly equated with morbidity , as long as maternal glycaemia during pregnancy can be shown to influence any aspect of fetal outcome the [being] of gestational diabetes can not be dismissed out of hand .

The recognition of lichen sclerosus as a clear entity is a prerequisite for good management and follow up .
the recognition of lichen sclerosus as a clear [being] is a prerequisite for good management and follow up .

Expressed in another way , in attributing existence to an entity one is not saying anything about that entity that has not already been said by naming it .
expressed in another way , in attributing existence to an [being] one is not saying anything about that [being] that has not already been said by naming it .

'That the cat is on the mat ' does not denote an entity as 'the cat ' denotes a cat .
'that the cat is on the mat ' does not denote an [being] as 'the cat ' denotes a cat .

For to say that entities of a certain sort do not exist is to say , in effect , that not a single entity in the world has the indicated property , or properties ; or , expressed differently , that the relevant concept can not be correctly applied to anything .
for to say that entities of a certain sort do not exist is to say , in effect , that not a single [being] in the world has the indicated property , or properties ; or , expressed differently , that the relevant concept can not be correctly applied to anything .

Hume 's argument , however , does not hold water for the simple reason that it assumes that the question of the possibility of significantly ascribing identity to objects as ontological existents can and should be decided via an analysis of the conditions of their identification , whereas the simple fact is that the concept of an entity as a potential topic of discourse is analytically linked with , and hence inseparable from , that of identity .
hume 's argument , however , does not hold water for the simple reason that it assumes that the question of the possibility of significantly ascribing identity to objects as ontological existents can and should be decided via an analysis of the conditions of their identification , whereas the simple fact is that the concept of an [being] as a potential topic of discourse is analytically linked with , and hence inseparable from , that of identity .

Language is sufficiently flexible to allow the construction of an infinite variety of singular terms which do not designate any entity .
language is sufficiently flexible to allow the construction of an infinite variety of singular terms which do not designate any [being] .

But if so , it is not clear how substance can be regarded as an entity at all .
but if so , it is not clear how substance can be regarded as an [being] at all .

If it can be significantly talked about , it seems , then it is only as some kind of state , or situation , an ontological `` event `` perhaps , certainly not as an entity .
if it can be significantly talked about , it seems , then it is only as some kind of state , or situation , an ontological `` event `` perhaps , certainly not as an [being] .

The point is that the whole idea of substance as an entity breaks down ; which is of course the opposite of what Spinoza originally intended .
the point is that the whole idea of substance as an [being] breaks down ; which is of course the opposite of what spinoza originally intended .

And the same mutatis mutandis applies to the mat , in so far as the mat qualifies as a self-subsistent ontological entity .
and the same mutatis mutandis applies to the mat , in so far as the mat qualifies as a self-subsistent ontological [being] .

This term was first used in a speech in Prague in April 1987 which recognised Europe , despite its deep ideological rift , as a single cultural and historical entity ‘ from the Atlantic to the Urals ’ , a phrase which echoed de Gaulle 's vision of the 1960s .
this term was first used in a speech in prague in april 1987 which recognised europe , despite its deep ideological rift , as a single cultural and historical [being] ‘ from the atlantic to the urals ’ , a phrase which echoed de gaulle 's vision of the 1960s .

France now offered Germany a road to the future not as part of a German-Soviet alliance or as an American bastion in Europe , but as part of a European entity .
france now offered germany a road to the future not as part of a german-soviet alliance or as an american bastion in europe , but as part of a european [being] .

The third entity writing can teach us about is the relationship between ourselves and our world , and that is , at least in part , a linguistic relationship .
the third [being] writing can teach us about is the relationship between ourselves and our world , and that is , at least in part , a linguistic relationship .

The entity which corresponds to ‘ South Wales ’ in Cooke 's discussions is the ‘ North East Coast ’ .
the [being] which corresponds to ‘ south wales ’ in cooke 's discussions is the ‘ north east coast ’ .

For now she found that it was there , an entity — not quite picture , not quite story — demanding sense and shape : expression .
for now she found that it was there , an [being] — not quite picture , not quite story — demanding sense and shape : expression .

You may be able to work out that He refers to an animate masculine entity , the subject of both clauses .
you may be able to work out that he refers to an animate masculine [being] , the subject of both clauses .

You note that he resented them , where them is plural , and you may consider what plural entity may be both resented and worn ( or not worn ) .
you note that he resented them , where them is plural , and you may consider what plural [being] may be both resented and worn ( or not worn ) .

It merely expresses the ambivalence which is a common human experience where some aspect of an entity pleases you and some other aspect fails to please .
it merely expresses the ambivalence which is a common human experience where some aspect of an [being] pleases you and some other aspect fails to please .

Rommetveit argues against ‘ the notion of identifying reference as an unequivocally defined point in a monistic and epistemological transparent space , constructed on axiomatic prerequisites for specific operations within formal logic ’ … where ‘ the severe laws of truth values prescribe that the speaker must know him ( the indicated entity ) fully or not at all ’ ( 1974 : 48 ) .
rommetveit argues against ‘ the notion of identifying reference as an unequivocally defined point in a monistic and epistemological transparent space , constructed on axiomatic prerequisites for specific operations within formal logic ’ … where ‘ the severe laws of truth values prescribe that the speaker must know him ( the indicated [being] ) fully or not at all ’ ( 1974 : 48 ) .

In contrast , there is the type of conversational situation in which the participants are concentrating their talk on one particular entity , individual or issue .
in contrast , there is the type of conversational situation in which the participants are concentrating their talk on one particular [being] , individual or issue .

More intelligent than any other entity for thousands of — ‘
more intelligent than any other [being] for thousands of — ‘

How would she judge this peculiar entity which was her mother ?
how would she judge this peculiar [being] which was her mother ?

This predicate is sometimes given in terms of an entity which occurs in goal states and not in others .
this predicate is sometimes given in terms of an [being] which occurs in goal states and not in others .

Whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the entity through which it chooses to operate .
whilst it is true that the port authority may carry out its functions through another person such as the dock company , it does not follow that in the absence of statutory authority it can itself transfer any statutory immunities to the [being] through which it chooses to operate .

The resulting ‘ plant ’ has its own habitat requirements and unique reproductive structures , as if it was a single biological entity .
the resulting ‘ plant ’ has its own habitat requirements and unique reproductive structures , as if it was a single biological [being] .

This corporate credo held that , by spreading one 's base of activity , one immunised the corporate entity from the cycles of sector .
this corporate credo held that , by spreading one 's base of activity , one immunised the corporate [being] from the cycles of sector .

For one thing , the Hebrews did not divide man up into spirit , mind and body as we tend to do : they thought of him as a single entity , an animated body , a living person .
for one thing , the hebrews did not divide man up into spirit , mind and body as we tend to do : they thought of him as a single [being] , an animated body , a living person .

Yes , like the boy , Chung Kuo was an entity at war with itself .
yes , like the boy , chung kuo was an [being] at war with itself .

It has become more sensitive , as indeed makes sense , for if an Aplysia receives a dangerous stimulus naturally , it probably means some hazardous entity is nearby , and it will pay to be careful .
it has become more sensitive , as indeed makes sense , for if an aplysia receives a dangerous stimulus naturally , it probably means some hazardous [being] is nearby , and it will pay to be careful .

Writers in our day sometimes refer to ‘ the scientific community ’ , but this is very much a theoretical entity : there may be some issues on which all active scientists feel the same , and are opposed to those in the humanities , but there must be very few .
writers in our day sometimes refer to ‘ the scientific community ’ , but this is very much a theoretical [being] : there may be some issues on which all active scientists feel the same , and are opposed to those in the humanities , but there must be very few .

The centre ' in this theory should therefore be understood , though Shils does not use this term , as a metaphysical entity .
the centre ' in this theory should therefore be understood , though shils does not use this term , as a metaphysical [being] .

We have no way of defining , of policing , the boundaries that separate the name of one entity from the name of another ; tropes are not just travellers , they tend to be smugglers and probably smugglers of stolen goods at that . ( 1979:17 )
we have no way of defining , of policing , the boundaries that separate the name of one [being] from the name of another ; tropes are not just travellers , they tend to be smugglers and probably smugglers of stolen goods at that . ( 1979:17 )

The term was used to signify a right of way between one place and another , rather than a physical entity defined by roadside verges with pavings underfoot .
the term was used to signify a right of way between one place and another , rather than a physical [being] defined by roadside verges with pavings underfoot .

Bateson resisted the claim that the gene was a material entity , but soon the more materialistic geneticists were arguing for a modified version of Weismann 's germ plasm theory in which the gene was a segment of the chromosome responsible for transmitting a particular character from one generation to the next .
bateson resisted the claim that the gene was a material [being] , but soon the more materialistic geneticists were arguing for a modified version of weismann 's germ plasm theory in which the gene was a segment of the chromosome responsible for transmitting a particular character from one generation to the next .

Not an entity .
not an [being] .

They each exist as an organic entity , with an internal dynamic .
they each exist as an organic [being] , with an internal dynamic .

The danger in viewing the organisation as a purposeful entity is that one ends up with a highly abstract and artificial analysis .
the danger in viewing the organisation as a purposeful [being] is that one ends up with a highly abstract and artificial analysis .

The object of ( b ) is to require delivery of the accounts of an unlimited company if two or more limited companies would , if they had been a single entity , have been the parent of the unlimited company under the criteria in section 258 , although technically the unlimited company is not a subsidiary of any of them .
the object of ( b ) is to require delivery of the accounts of an unlimited company if two or more limited companies would , if they had been a single [being] , have been the parent of the unlimited company under the criteria in section 258 , although technically the unlimited company is not a subsidiary of any of them .

It had thus become clear by the turn of the century that acquired language disorder was by no means a single entity : instead , a variety of different patterns of disorder could be observed .
it had thus become clear by the turn of the century that acquired language disorder was by no means a single [being] : instead , a variety of different patterns of disorder could be observed .

Earlier in this chapter , we distinguished between the syndrome as a theoretical entity and the syndrome as a clinical observation .
earlier in this chapter , we distinguished between the syndrome as a theoretical [being] and the syndrome as a clinical observation .

Had limited authority over the reporting entity .
had limited authority over the reporting [being] .

Entity theory
[being] theory

Entity theory
[being] theory

The entity view of an organization is that it is distinct from any group of individuals associated with it .
the [being] view of an organization is that it is distinct from any group of individuals associated with it .

The reporting unit is therefore the entity and the report is addressed to all those interested in it .
the reporting unit is therefore the [being] and the report is addressed to all those interested in it .

The Corporate Report represents a good example of the entity view .
the corporate report represents a good example of the [being] view .

Using the above example of a group of companies , the entity view would see the group as a whole , reporting in the balance sheet all the assets that the Group owns and all the claims on those assets . The accounting equation under the entity view becomes : assets = liabilities
using the above example of a group of companies , the [being] view would see the group as a whole , reporting in the balance sheet all the assets that the group owns and all the claims on those assets . the accounting equation under the [being] view becomes : assets = liabilities

The value added statement is an entity view of the income statement .
the value added statement is an [being] view of the income statement .

Rather than concentrating on a bottom line which shows the profit attributable to shareholders , the value added statement is concerned with how much value the entity has added through its operations and how that added value has been distributed to the many resource providers .
rather than concentrating on a bottom line which shows the profit attributable to shareholders , the value added statement is concerned with how much value the [being] has added through its operations and how that added value has been distributed to the many resource providers .

He felt that both the proprietary and the entity views had unacceptable weaknesses : first that the proprietary view , being personal , was unsatisfactory for a public limited company where the owners change as shares are traded ; secondly that the entity view begged the question of how you define the entity .
he felt that both the proprietary and the [being] views had unacceptable weaknesses : first that the proprietary view , being personal , was unsatisfactory for a public limited company where the owners change as shares are traded ; secondly that the [being] view begged the question of how you define the [being] .

‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’
‘ … a fiscal and accounting [being] with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’

The typical accounts of a business would largely be proprietary-based but might include entity influences .
the typical accounts of a business would largely be proprietary-based but might include [being] influences .

Similarly , including current cost accounts marks a shift towards an entity view because there the income statement shows the current cost profit after maintaining the operating capability of the business as a whole , as well as current cost profit attributable to shareholders .
similarly , including current cost accounts marks a shift towards an [being] view because there the income statement shows the current cost profit after maintaining the operating capability of the business as a whole , as well as current cost profit attributable to shareholders .

‘ Measurement focus : The objective of a measurement , that is , what is being expressed in reporting an entity 's financial performance and position .
‘ measurement focus : the objective of a measurement , that is , what is being expressed in reporting an [being] 's financial performance and position .

‘ Cash , claims to cash ( for example , debt securities of another entity and accounts and taxes receivable ) , claims to goods or services ( for example , prepaid items ) , consumable goods ( for example , supplies inventories ) , and equity securities of another entity obtained or controlled as a result of past transactions or events . ’
‘ cash , claims to cash ( for example , debt securities of another [being] and accounts and taxes receivable ) , claims to goods or services ( for example , prepaid items ) , consumable goods ( for example , supplies inventories ) , and equity securities of another [being] obtained or controlled as a result of past transactions or events . ’

The essence of the idea of ‘ measurement focus ’ is , to put it straightforwardly , that by adopting the ‘ flow of financial resources ’ a governmental organization can adopt ‘ accrual accounting ’ in its operating statement ( that is , it can ‘ recognize the effects of transactions or events on the resources of an entity when they take place , regardless of when cash is received or paid ’ ) but does not have to charge depreciation .
the essence of the idea of ‘ measurement focus ’ is , to put it straightforwardly , that by adopting the ‘ flow of financial resources ’ a governmental organization can adopt ‘ accrual accounting ’ in its operating statement ( that is , it can ‘ recognize the effects of transactions or events on the resources of an [being] when they take place , regardless of when cash is received or paid ’ ) but does not have to charge depreciation .

In this definition , ‘ enterprise ’ means any entity , whether profit-oriented or not , and ‘ audit ’ is not limited to circumstances requiring a ‘ true and fair view ’ opinion .
in this definition , ‘ enterprise ’ means any [being] , whether profit-oriented or not , and ‘ audit ’ is not limited to circumstances requiring a ‘ true and fair view ’ opinion .

the accounts give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Corporation at March 30 , 1991 and , in respect of the Corporation and their subsidiary undertakings regarded as a single entity , of the state of affairs at March 30 , 1991 , and the results and statement of cash flows for the year then ended , and have been properly prepared in accordance with the direction of the Secretary of State for Energy … , and
the accounts give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the corporation at march 30 , 1991 and , in respect of the corporation and their subsidiary undertakings regarded as a single [being] , of the state of affairs at march 30 , 1991 , and the results and statement of cash flows for the year then ended , and have been properly prepared in accordance with the direction of the secretary of state for energy … , and

In the wind band , then , the clarinet family can form a complete entity covering a very wide range comparable with that of the orchestral strings .
in the wind band , then , the clarinet family can form a complete [being] covering a very wide range comparable with that of the orchestral strings .

Doubling of the melody can also be used in accompaniments of a different kind , where all other parts are independent of the theme and unite to form a separate entity .
doubling of the melody can also be used in accompaniments of a different kind , where all other parts are independent of the theme and unite to form a separate [being] .

The idea of the ‘ self ’ — what gives an individual a sense of personal identity , and how others recognize this self — has been at the heart of a philosophical debate since David Hume claimed to repudiate the existence of the ‘ self ’ as a separate entity in the eighteenth century ( Hume , 1739 ) .
the idea of the ‘ self ’ — what gives an individual a sense of personal identity , and how others recognize this self — has been at the heart of a philosophical debate since david hume claimed to repudiate the existence of the ‘ self ’ as a separate [being] in the eighteenth century ( hume , 1739 ) .

‘ Sometimes , it is impossible to tell the entity is discarnate ; it can look just like a living person .
‘ sometimes , it is impossible to tell the [being] is discarnate ; it can look just like a living person .

The electronic billboard with its tacky Stardust effect was the ultimate nothing , an entity written entirely in light .
the electronic billboard with its tacky stardust effect was the ultimate nothing , an [being] written entirely in light .

As Robert points out this is the first time that this function has been run as a single corporate entity .
as robert points out this is the first time that this function has been run as a single corporate [being] .

Essentially , we want to say that a sentence is an abstract theoretical entity defined within a theory of grammar , while an utterance is the issuance of a sentence , a sentence-analogue , or sentence-fragment , in an actual context .
essentially , we want to say that a sentence is an abstract theoretical [being] defined within a theory of grammar , while an utterance is the issuance of a sentence , a sentence-analogue , or sentence-fragment , in an actual context .

Thus the pronoun this does not name or refer to any particular entity on all occasions of use ; rather it is a variable or place-holder for some particular entity given by the context ( e.g .
thus the pronoun this does not name or refer to any particular [being] on all occasions of use ; rather it is a variable or place-holder for some particular [being] given by the context ( e.g .

An anaphoric usage is where some term picks out as referent the same entity ( or class of objects ) that some prior term in the discourse picked out .
an anaphoric usage is where some term picks out as referent the same [being] ( or class of objects ) that some prior term in the discourse picked out .

Here it is important to see that the traditional category of plural is not symmetrically applied to first Person in the way it is to third : we does not mean plural speakers in the same way that they means more than one third person entity ( Lyons , 1968 : 277 ) .
here it is important to see that the traditional category of plural is not symmetrically applied to first person in the way it is to third : we does not mean plural speakers in the same way that they means more than one third person [being] ( lyons , 1968 : 277 ) .

The conceptual entity Mars is thus invoked into the active discourse model , and remains active throughout the whole of this relatively short text .
the conceptual [being] mars is thus invoked into the active discourse model , and remains active throughout the whole of this relatively short text .

The coalescing of concepts which the reader keeps separate ( simile and the item it describes ) in the minds of the people is captured by underlexicalisation here , conveyed by the quasi-metaphorical fusion of the entity described and that with which it is compared .
the coalescing of concepts which the reader keeps separate ( simile and the item it describes ) in the minds of the people is captured by underlexicalisation here , conveyed by the quasi-metaphorical fusion of the [being] described and that with which it is compared .

These include policies of enforced separation whereby only activities that do not cause conflicts are carried on within a single entity , declining to act in situations of acute conflict , use of independence policies and Chinese walls .
these include policies of enforced separation whereby only activities that do not cause conflicts are carried on within a single [being] , declining to act in situations of acute conflict , use of independence policies and chinese walls .

Trustees in 1 above are generally treated as a wholly separate entity for tax purposes ; in the case of a bare trustee , nomineeship and agency , the acts of those persons will generally be treated as the acts of the beneficial owners or principals .
trustees in 1 above are generally treated as a wholly separate [being] for tax purposes ; in the case of a bare trustee , nomineeship and agency , the acts of those persons will generally be treated as the acts of the beneficial owners or principals .

trustees comprise persons for the purposes of income tax ; 2. they comprise a separate entity liable to tax on monies they receive or which they are entitled to receive ; 3. the main inroads into that separateness and liability are of a restricted nature as explained in the Reid 's Trustees case ; these inroads are : ( a ) in certain cases ( but not all ) where a trustee mandates income direct to a beneficiary the trustee will not be liable to tax ( Williams v Singer ) ; ( b ) in the case of a life interest trust a see-through or conduit approach is adopted for identification of source purposes so that the origin and parentage of the income is not changed by virtue of its journey through the trust ( Archer-Shee v Baker ) ; ( c ) if income arises to the trustees of a life interest trust ( subject to deductions for expenses ) it is taxable upon the life tenant whether or not he actually takes the money ( Spen 's case ) .
trustees comprise persons for the purposes of income tax ; 2. they comprise a separate [being] liable to tax on monies they receive or which they are entitled to receive ; 3. the main inroads into that separateness and liability are of a restricted nature as explained in the reid 's trustees case ; these inroads are : ( a ) in certain cases ( but not all ) where a trustee mandates income direct to a beneficiary the trustee will not be liable to tax ( williams v singer ) ; ( b ) in the case of a life interest trust a see-through or conduit approach is adopted for identification of source purposes so that the origin and parentage of the income is not changed by virtue of its journey through the trust ( archer-shee v baker ) ; ( c ) if income arises to the trustees of a life interest trust ( subject to deductions for expenses ) it is taxable upon the life tenant whether or not he actually takes the money ( spen 's case ) .

However , the company was a separate entity and its assets were not the assets comprised in the settlement .
however , the company was a separate [being] and its assets were not the assets comprised in the settlement .

From Deleuze and Guattari , Lecercle picks up the idea of the potential violence of the institution of language which , as they point out , is not so much a neutral entity that can best be analysed by looking at `` normal `` ( i.e .
from deleuze and guattari , lecercle picks up the idea of the potential violence of the institution of language which , as they point out , is not so much a neutral [being] that can best be analysed by looking at `` normal `` ( i.e .

My account of political integrity takes the personification much more seriously , as if a political community really were some special kind of entity distinct from the actual people who are its citizens .
my account of political integrity takes the personification much more seriously , as if a political community really were some special kind of [being] distinct from the actual people who are its citizens .

Worse , it attributes moral agency and responsibility to this distinct entity .
worse , it attributes moral agency and responsibility to this distinct [being] .

We must not say that integrity is a special virtue of politics because the state or community is a distinct entity , but that the community should be seen as a distinct moral agent because the social and intellectual practices that treat community in this way should be protected .
we must not say that integrity is a special virtue of politics because the state or community is a distinct [being] , but that the community should be seen as a distinct moral agent because the social and intellectual practices that treat community in this way should be protected .

To achieve maximum benefit in terms of information skills and the use of information , each database should be seen as a separate entity as far as the design of the records and indexing is concerned , although an overall pattern for database use within the school is beneficial .
to achieve maximum benefit in terms of information skills and the use of information , each database should be seen as a separate [being] as far as the design of the records and indexing is concerned , although an overall pattern for database use within the school is beneficial .

Their loving was long and sweet and fulfilling , a meeting and mingling on all levels , making from two separate minds and bodies and souls , one whole and complete entity .
their loving was long and sweet and fulfilling , a meeting and mingling on all levels , making from two separate minds and bodies and souls , one whole and complete [being] .

The whole entity is sometimes referred to as a magmatic arc .
the whole [being] is sometimes referred to as a magmatic arc .

Looking further ahead , one wonders to what extent even the notion of the records of a discrete administrative entity will still be meaningful .
looking further ahead , one wonders to what extent even the notion of the records of a discrete administrative [being] will still be meaningful .

To rediscover entity
to rediscover [being]

The impact of these , increasingly numerous , regulations upon the partnership as a legal entity and upon the partnership agreement itself is limited , though where relevant is noted throughout this book .
the impact of these , increasingly numerous , regulations upon the partnership as a legal [being] and upon the partnership agreement itself is limited , though where relevant is noted throughout this book .

If , however , the purchaser buys shares , he buys the company as a separate living entity together with its entire history , which of course includes all its liabilities both actual and contingent .
if , however , the purchaser buys shares , he buys the company as a separate living [being] together with its entire history , which of course includes all its liabilities both actual and contingent .

In summary , earn outs should only be used where the purchaser intends to allow the vendor to operate the business after completion on a very similar basis to the way the vendor operated it previously and as a separate entity .
in summary , earn outs should only be used where the purchaser intends to allow the vendor to operate the business after completion on a very similar basis to the way the vendor operated it previously and as a separate [being] .

It is far easier from their point of view if they only need to deal with one entity and they will probably prefer that to be the purchaser as it is the purchaser that has taken over the business .
it is far easier from their point of view if they only need to deal with one [being] and they will probably prefer that to be the purchaser as it is the purchaser that has taken over the business .

The hierarchical reductionist , on the other hand , explains a complex entity at any particular level in the hierarchy of organization , in terms of entities only one level down the hierarchy ; entities which , themselves , are likely to be complex enough to need further reducing to their own component parts ; and so on .
the hierarchical reductionist , on the other hand , explains a complex [being] at any particular level in the hierarchy of organization , in terms of entities only one level down the hierarchy ; entities which , themselves , are likely to be complex enough to need further reducing to their own component parts ; and so on .

Instead the music concentrates on three characters and the thematic contrasts they suggest : the lawyer Swallow , Grimes himself , and the chorus as a kind of Mussorgskian entity , representing the Borough and popular feeling on both sides of the `` Grimes question `` .
instead the music concentrates on three characters and the thematic contrasts they suggest : the lawyer swallow , grimes himself , and the chorus as a kind of mussorgskian [being] , representing the borough and popular feeling on both sides of the `` grimes question `` .

This is a linguistic feature which is often used to introduce a new entity into the text , with subsequent references adopting the definite article the .
this is a linguistic feature which is often used to introduce a new [being] into the text , with subsequent references adopting the definite article the .

Although conceding , in a footnote , that one may use extrabiblical material to ‘ illuminate scripture ’ , her basic stance is to grant to the text the status of a self-contained entity .
although conceding , in a footnote , that one may use extrabiblical material to ‘ illuminate scripture ’ , her basic stance is to grant to the text the status of a self-contained [being] .

Hence the development of a two-nature Christology : that Jesus was fully God and fully human , these two natures being predicates of one ‘ person ’ or entity .
hence the development of a two-nature christology : that jesus was fully god and fully human , these two natures being predicates of one ‘ person ’ or [being] .

What has most puzzled students of the period is the complete disappearance of the Picts as a distinct entity within a very short time .
what has most puzzled students of the period is the complete disappearance of the picts as a distinct [being] within a very short time .

Now that little meal of de Pomiane 's is a feast , as a whole entity .
now that little meal of de pomiane 's is a feast , as a whole [being] .

Most remarkable of all , if you take two sponges and treat them both in this extreme way and then mix cells from the two , they will reconstitute themselves into a single mixed-parentage entity .
most remarkable of all , if you take two sponges and treat them both in this extreme way and then mix cells from the two , they will reconstitute themselves into a single mixed-parentage [being] .

Such activity is difficult ( even repugnant ) , for it involves struggling with mental symbols which enable the thinker to hold some entity — object , property , proposition , world — in mind .
such activity is difficult ( even repugnant ) , for it involves struggling with mental symbols which enable the thinker to hold some [being] — object , property , proposition , world — in mind .

In a lecture which he delivered before completing the poem , he had described the `` unity `` of `` English letters of the past `` and related it to a recognizable entity called European literature `` .
in a lecture which he delivered before completing the poem , he had described the `` unity `` of `` english letters of the past `` and related it to a recognizable [being] called european literature `` .

Four Quartets offers an image of that `` entity `` , and the figure who appears in the Dantesque passage is a `` familiar compound ghost `` in whom Eliot suggested we might recognize Yeats , Mallarmé , Swift and Poe .
four quartets offers an image of that `` [being] `` , and the figure who appears in the dantesque passage is a `` familiar compound ghost `` in whom eliot suggested we might recognize yeats , mallarmé , swift and poe .

He did it by counterposing the need for regard to the greater entity of the Conservative Party .
he did it by counterposing the need for regard to the greater [being] of the conservative party .

Cole continues : That explanation is significant as much for its excusatory tone as for its substance ; and the excuse is of the Pioneers , decision to establish a production arm as a separate entity from the consumer society , a decision pointing production for consumer co-operatives along a road to the industrial co-operative form of organisation , along a road it was not to take .
cole continues : that explanation is significant as much for its excusatory tone as for its substance ; and the excuse is of the pioneers , decision to establish a production arm as a separate [being] from the consumer society , a decision pointing production for consumer co-operatives along a road to the industrial co-operative form of organisation , along a road it was not to take .

However , we need to reserve , against his conclusion , this other possibility at least : that the Pioneers ' intention to establish the Manufacturing Society as a separate entity was strategically right , but structurally mishandled ; while the Consumer Movement 's perception of the place of production in the Co-operative scheme was a strategic mistake , most successfully carried out .
however , we need to reserve , against his conclusion , this other possibility at least : that the pioneers ' intention to establish the manufacturing society as a separate [being] was strategically right , but structurally mishandled ; while the consumer movement 's perception of the place of production in the co-operative scheme was a strategic mistake , most successfully carried out .

So , too , was — and remains — the title of the legislation empowering the Registrar of Friendly Societies to register a co-operative as a corporate entity .
so , too , was — and remains — the title of the legislation empowering the registrar of friendly societies to register a co-operative as a corporate [being] .

The legal concept of incorporation and the creation of separate legal personality must entail the recognition of interests of that entity that might require legal protection on the international plane .
the legal concept of incorporation and the creation of separate legal personality must entail the recognition of interests of that [being] that might require legal protection on the international plane .

In a bilateral system comprising a network of reciprocal relationships the entity against which claims are made is evident .
in a bilateral system comprising a network of reciprocal relationships the [being] against which claims are made is evident .

There are a number of treaties of guarantee where the entity most directly affected was not a party to the treaty .
there are a number of treaties of guarantee where the [being] most directly affected was not a party to the treaty .

In more modern treaties of guarantee such an entity is likely to be a party to the treaty in which case there is no third party issue .
in more modern treaties of guarantee such an [being] is likely to be a party to the treaty in which case there is no third party issue .

Both newly-independent and other States tend to oppose claims of secession , and thus to impose treaty and other liabilities upon any seceding entity .
both newly-independent and other states tend to oppose claims of secession , and thus to impose treaty and other liabilities upon any seceding [being] .

Importantly , Australia has impliedly conceded that the Nauruan people although a third party to the Trusteeship Agreement , formed a legal entity capable of relying on the Agreement in litigation occurring post-independence .
importantly , australia has impliedly conceded that the nauruan people although a third party to the trusteeship agreement , formed a legal [being] capable of relying on the agreement in litigation occurring post-independence .

The Court advised that the exclusive power of referral to arbitration belonged to the Mixed Commission , which had been established by the parties as a separate legal entity with specified functions .
the court advised that the exclusive power of referral to arbitration belonged to the mixed commission , which had been established by the parties as a separate legal [being] with specified functions .

As a separate international legal entity the organisation is a party to the transaction , to the exclusion of the member States .
as a separate international legal [being] the organisation is a party to the transaction , to the exclusion of the member states .

The existence of an internationalised contract between a private entity and a State is frequently asserted , and there does not appear to be any reason why international law can not be the proper law of a contract between an international organisation and a private entity .
the existence of an internationalised contract between a private [being] and a state is frequently asserted , and there does not appear to be any reason why international law can not be the proper law of a contract between an international organisation and a private [being] .

Just as a State may act on behalf of another State or other legal entity , so too an organisation might be seen as acting as agent for its member States .
just as a state may act on behalf of another state or other legal [being] , so too an organisation might be seen as acting as agent for its member states .

Although the member States had created the Council , once established it became a separate entity with its own international executive .
although the member states had created the council , once established it became a separate [being] with its own international executive .

The international legal identity of the inhabitants of a mandate territory was also raised in Namibia , where the International Court of Justice recognised that ‘ the injured entity is a people which must look to the international community for assistance in its progress towards the goals for which the sacred trust was instituted .
the international legal identity of the inhabitants of a mandate territory was also raised in namibia , where the international court of justice recognised that ‘ the injured [being] is a people which must look to the international community for assistance in its progress towards the goals for which the sacred trust was instituted .

It had been held by the Trial Division that the trust territory is not a separate legal entity but forms part of the Executive Department of the United States , and that the Trusteeship Agreement did not create a trust enforceable in the courts of equity .
it had been held by the trial division that the trust territory is not a separate legal [being] but forms part of the executive department of the united states , and that the trusteeship agreement did not create a trust enforceable in the courts of equity .

Judged by the robust standards of classical physics it may seem a rather wraith-like entity .
judged by the robust standards of classical physics it may seem a rather wraith-like [being] .

Pakistan 's 1992 London Test double , Lord 's and The Oval , was completed inside 10 sessions , and had something in common with the first of their five Test victories in England : in 1954 there was unease at England 's choice of players , Bedser and Bailey being rested , so complacent were the selectors in the face of this new Test entity from far away .
pakistan 's 1992 london test double , lord 's and the oval , was completed inside 10 sessions , and had something in common with the first of their five test victories in england : in 1954 there was unease at england 's choice of players , bedser and bailey being rested , so complacent were the selectors in the face of this new test [being] from far away .

English constitutional law recognizes no entity , such as ‘ the State ’ , over and above the government of the day , to which the term ‘ the Crown ’ could apply .
english constitutional law recognizes no [being] , such as ‘ the state ’ , over and above the government of the day , to which the term ‘ the crown ’ could apply .

It has further participated in the Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection Foundation , which is a legal entity formed to undertake joint responsibility for the custody of the paintings .
it has further participated in the thyssen-bornemisza collection foundation , which is a legal [being] formed to undertake joint responsibility for the custody of the paintings .

This theory treats the company as an artificial entity whose separate legal personality is granted as a privilege by the state .
this theory treats the company as an artificial [being] whose separate legal personality is granted as a privilege by the state .

It is that the company is a natural or real entity which exists separately and distinctly from the shareholders .
it is that the company is a natural or real [being] which exists separately and distinctly from the shareholders .

’ Sometimes the natural entity theory has been called a ‘ group person ’ theory .
’ sometimes the natural [being] theory has been called a ‘ group person ’ theory .

The first was that this contractual conception of the company conflicted with the theory prevailing in the case-law that treated the company as an artificial entity , separate and distinct from its shareholders .
the first was that this contractual conception of the company conflicted with the theory prevailing in the case-law that treated the company as an artificial [being] , separate and distinct from its shareholders .

Clearly this would only be the case if the company was perceived as an entity distinct from its shareholders so that it followed that the company and not the shareholders would be liable for any debts .
clearly this would only be the case if the company was perceived as an [being] distinct from its shareholders so that it followed that the company and not the shareholders would be liable for any debts .

In general the practice of searching wrecks for treasure is deplored by the Museum : in most cases no provision is made for properly recording where items were located ; only items of commercial value are salvaged and there is no interest in the wreck as an entity or the long-term conservation issues involved in raising perishable items such as iron and wood from the sea bed .
in general the practice of searching wrecks for treasure is deplored by the museum : in most cases no provision is made for properly recording where items were located ; only items of commercial value are salvaged and there is no interest in the wreck as an [being] or the long-term conservation issues involved in raising perishable items such as iron and wood from the sea bed .

When the Fates and the mood are for it no entity on earth can move with greater elephantine pondorosity than official Washington .
when the fates and the mood are for it no [being] on earth can move with greater elephantine pondorosity than official washington .

The earlier duchy of Aquitaine had been part of the comté of Poitou , but the duchy of Gascony was an independent entity .
the earlier duchy of aquitaine had been part of the comté of poitou , but the duchy of gascony was an independent [being] .

Anxiety is not a single entity but rather comprises three facets : first , the way we feel , meaning our physical sensations , including both acute and chronic symptoms ; second , the way we think , including catastrophic , irrational and negative thoughts ; third , the way we behave , including patterns of avoidance and stressful lifestyles .
anxiety is not a single [being] but rather comprises three facets : first , the way we feel , meaning our physical sensations , including both acute and chronic symptoms ; second , the way we think , including catastrophic , irrational and negative thoughts ; third , the way we behave , including patterns of avoidance and stressful lifestyles .

: inanimate entity involved in the action ;
: inanimate [being] involved in the action ;

: inanimate entity affected by the action ;
: inanimate [being] affected by the action ;

For a verb such as ’ collide ’ , all that is specified by the case restrictions is that the object case can be any inanimate entity .
for a verb such as ’ collide ’ , all that is specified by the case restrictions is that the object case can be any inanimate [being] .

The ie was more than a group of individuals ; it was a continuing entity carrying on from generation to generation embracing people , property and reputation .
the ie was more than a group of individuals ; it was a continuing [being] carrying on from generation to generation embracing people , property and reputation .

The ie became more than ever the pre-eminent entity in society .
the ie became more than ever the pre-eminent [being] in society .

The ie has ceased to exist as a legal entity , but the family unit has remained highly influential .
the ie has ceased to exist as a legal [being] , but the family unit has remained highly influential .

Before 1945 the overall unifying entity was the nation as expressed in the ‘ family state ’ to which all belonged .
before 1945 the overall unifying [being] was the nation as expressed in the ‘ family state ’ to which all belonged .

The statutes may provide that a separate category of shares may , after the expiration of a fixed term , become vested in a foundation or a non-profit making entity and separate rules apply to such shares if they are designed to benefit the employees of the company .
the statutes may provide that a separate category of shares may , after the expiration of a fixed term , become vested in a foundation or a non-profit making [being] and separate rules apply to such shares if they are designed to benefit the employees of the company .

For , despite his explicit recognition that ‘ writing is not a monolithic entity ’ and that ‘ in the study of behaviour , there are few , if any ‘ sufficient causes ’ ’ ( 1968 , p. 4 ) , Goody can quite legitimately be charged with arguing for the ‘ autonomy ’ of literacy and with reducing its significance — as the ‘ technology of the intellect ’ — to a kind of technological determinism .
for , despite his explicit recognition that ‘ writing is not a monolithic [being] ’ and that ‘ in the study of behaviour , there are few , if any ‘ sufficient causes ’ ’ ( 1968 , p. 4 ) , goody can quite legitimately be charged with arguing for the ‘ autonomy ’ of literacy and with reducing its significance — as the ‘ technology of the intellect ’ — to a kind of technological determinism .

On the long list of staff grievances originating from community care restructuring , job insecurity appears high up , and when the legislation is coupled with an unknown entity such as a new director , workers get even more uppity .
on the long list of staff grievances originating from community care restructuring , job insecurity appears high up , and when the legislation is coupled with an unknown [being] such as a new director , workers get even more uppity .

An organization is an identifiable social entity whose members pursue multiple and shared objectives through their consciously and continuously coordinated actions and relations . Hence , an organization is characterized by :
an organization is an identifiable social [being] whose members pursue multiple and shared objectives through their consciously and continuously coordinated actions and relations . hence , an organization is characterized by :

There is a tendency in some pluralist analysis to view the state as an independent public entity outside society acting as guardian of the national interest .
there is a tendency in some pluralist analysis to view the state as an independent public [being] outside society acting as guardian of the national interest .

This emphasis on centralization with contradictions , helps to avoid overestimating the unity of elite interests or treating the state as a monolithic entity .
this emphasis on centralization with contradictions , helps to avoid overestimating the unity of elite interests or treating the state as a monolithic [being] .

Text : entry entity number/version number/sequence number/text
text : entry [being] number/version number/sequence number/text

The Entry table specifies the relative order in which dictionary entries are to be printed , and provides a key of access to the Text table ( entity and current version number ) .
the entry table specifies the relative order in which dictionary entries are to be printed , and provides a key of access to the text table ( [being] and current version number ) .

Version : entry entity number/version number/creation date
version : entry [being] number/version number/creation date

The entity number of the entry is invariant .
the [being] number of the entry is invariant .

Cross-reference : entity number/continuation number/cross- reference text/source entry entity number/target lemma entity number/target entry entity number/sense address/status/text
cross-reference : [being] number/continuation number/cross- reference text/source entry [being] number/target lemma [being] number/target entry [being] number/sense address/status/text

( Headword ) Lemma : entity number/entry entity number/lemmatised form/first POS/homonym number/lemma type/POS map/homonym map/lemma
( headword ) lemma : [being] number/entry [being] number/lemmatised form/first pos/homonym number/lemma type/pos map/homonym map/lemma

WEntry : entity number/PSN/lemmatised form/first POS/homonym number/dictionary flag/lexo status/on-loan flag/date borrowed/lexicographer/current relative version number/history flag 1
wentry : [being] number/psn/lemmatised form/first pos/homonym number/dictionary flag/lexo status/on-loan flag/date borrowed/lexicographer/current relative version number/history flag 1

Next : next entity number This field contains the next unique entity number to be assigned by the system .
next : next [being] number this field contains the next unique [being] number to be assigned by the system .

He insisted that every entity asserted to exist in mathematics must be shown to exist by a finite set of instructions whose applications yield the entity .
he insisted that every [being] asserted to exist in mathematics must be shown to exist by a finite set of instructions whose applications yield the [being] .

The polis , or city-state , was usually a small , self-governing , self-sustaining entity which , apart from its political autonomy , possessed very few of the characteristics of the modern state .
the polis , or city-state , was usually a small , self-governing , self-sustaining [being] which , apart from its political autonomy , possessed very few of the characteristics of the modern state .

The old orders had no place , since the nation was a single entity with a single will ( p.154 et seq . )
the old orders had no place , since the nation was a single [being] with a single will ( p.154 et seq . )

The idea that the individual 's mind can remain a wholly independent entity , uninfluenced by its social and intellectual environment , is certainly a piece of individualist mythology .
the idea that the individual 's mind can remain a wholly independent [being] , uninfluenced by its social and intellectual environment , is certainly a piece of individualist mythology .

Dismantling a number was more demanding : The main difficulty factor here appears to be the need to see a number as made up of place value components rather than viewing numbers as a complete entity .
dismantling a number was more demanding : the main difficulty factor here appears to be the need to see a number as made up of place value components rather than viewing numbers as a complete [being] .

This is not to assert , certainly , that there exists some entity , outside an experience or episode , which experiences or possesses it .
this is not to assert , certainly , that there exists some [being] , outside an experience or episode , which experiences or possesses it .

The progress department is sometimes part of the production department and sometimes a separate entity .
the progress department is sometimes part of the production department and sometimes a separate [being] .

Among the six staff spoken to at length , the library project was clearly a `` living `` entity , an important focus for significant lower-school curriculum development , and a vital catalyst for debate about , and wider school involvement in , study skills .
among the six staff spoken to at length , the library project was clearly a `` living `` [being] , an important focus for significant lower-school curriculum development , and a vital catalyst for debate about , and wider school involvement in , study skills .

Enya as entity began with the Ryans , and that 's all the truth we need .
enya as [being] began with the ryans , and that 's all the truth we need .

Of course to people like Mr. Tully who benefit by the British presence in the occupied part of our country ( a country which was partitioned against the will of the vast majority of our population ) the current whereabouts of Barleycorn is an unpleasant reminder that the Republican movement will not be cowed by threats from the likes of him and his cohorts in the Unionist parties in the failed political entity of Northern Ireland .
of course to people like mr. tully who benefit by the british presence in the occupied part of our country ( a country which was partitioned against the will of the vast majority of our population ) the current whereabouts of barleycorn is an unpleasant reminder that the republican movement will not be cowed by threats from the likes of him and his cohorts in the unionist parties in the failed political [being] of northern ireland .

Such boundaries of status and social closure , working through kinship , elite education and commercial networks , serve to sustain the British upper class as a clear social entity with special access to power and social influence .
such boundaries of status and social closure , working through kinship , elite education and commercial networks , serve to sustain the british upper class as a clear social [being] with special access to power and social influence .

The merit of this , as we have seen , is that we are led to examine the ways in which this ‘ objective ’ economic class comes to persist and reproduce itself as a self-consciously ‘ lived ’ social entity .
the merit of this , as we have seen , is that we are led to examine the ways in which this ‘ objective ’ economic class comes to persist and reproduce itself as a self-consciously ‘ lived ’ social [being] .

The ‘ nation of Israel ’ two thousand years ago was perceived primarily as a spiritual , rather than a secular , entity .
the ‘ nation of israel ’ two thousand years ago was perceived primarily as a spiritual , rather than a secular , [being] .

The ‘ Nation of Israel ’ , as Jesus , James and their contemporaries conceived it , was not just a geographical entity .
the ‘ nation of israel ’ , as jesus , james and their contemporaries conceived it , was not just a geographical [being] .

In law , the subsidiary company is a distinct entity , regardless of the control exercised over it , and it will be doing its own business not that of its parent .
in law , the subsidiary company is a distinct [being] , regardless of the control exercised over it , and it will be doing its own business not that of its parent .

Indeed , health is a complex and multi-faceted entity which often defies the best efforts of researchers either to define or measure .
indeed , health is a complex and multi-faceted [being] which often defies the best efforts of researchers either to define or measure .

The act is a social entity ; the action is a physical contact interpreted with respect to a certain intention , namely to greet .
the act is a social [being] ; the action is a physical contact interpreted with respect to a certain intention , namely to greet .

Conflicts abound because it is efficient , notwithstanding the undoubted economic benefits of specialization , to have one entity , either individual or corporate , undertake a number of potentially conflicting functions . However , if conflicts of interest are unavoidable , and often go unregulated in other business spheres , why is the ‘ mixing ’ together of different financial services , and in particular banking and securities business , of such concern ?
conflicts abound because it is efficient , notwithstanding the undoubted economic benefits of specialization , to have one [being] , either individual or corporate , undertake a number of potentially conflicting functions . however , if conflicts of interest are unavoidable , and often go unregulated in other business spheres , why is the ‘ mixing ’ together of different financial services , and in particular banking and securities business , of such concern ?

People tend to think about languages as a single entity , rather than identifying their own priorities within the four elements : speaking , reading , writing and listening .
people tend to think about languages as a single [being] , rather than identifying their own priorities within the four elements : speaking , reading , writing and listening .

That 's where there is a complementary role for equity and senior bank debt to create a properly structured entity .
that 's where there is a complementary role for equity and senior bank debt to create a properly structured [being] .

In all other cases , acquisition accounting , with the acquired entity 's results included in the acquirer 's profit and loss account only from the date of acquisition , would have to be used .
in all other cases , acquisition accounting , with the acquired [being] 's results included in the acquirer 's profit and loss account only from the date of acquisition , would have to be used .

* i.e. legal entity
* i.e. legal [being]

Blake was amazed at the discussion and how these men could talk about a whole planet in one conversation ; in his day it was not unusual for a conversation to centre solely on one part of London , and only in times of war was England ever considered as a single entity under threat .
blake was amazed at the discussion and how these men could talk about a whole planet in one conversation ; in his day it was not unusual for a conversation to centre solely on one part of london , and only in times of war was england ever considered as a single [being] under threat .

Identification is a process which occurs when the ego , in part abandoning its awareness of itself as a separate entity , equates itself , or some aspect of itself , with some external thing .
identification is a process which occurs when the ego , in part abandoning its awareness of itself as a separate [being] , equates itself , or some aspect of itself , with some external thing .

There is of course a continuing controversy over whether the bureaucratic bourgeoisie of senior military , civil , party , co-operative and industrial administrators constitute a distinct class ; or whether they merely form part of a larger and more differentiated social stratum ; whether such a class is dominant or subservient to metropolitan capital ; where the boundary around such a class should be drawn ; whether it is fully formed or not , and whether the power of the state is equivalent to the power of the bureaucracy as a social entity ( Murray 1967 ; Leys 1976 ; Zieman and Lanzendorfer 1977 ) .
there is of course a continuing controversy over whether the bureaucratic bourgeoisie of senior military , civil , party , co-operative and industrial administrators constitute a distinct class ; or whether they merely form part of a larger and more differentiated social stratum ; whether such a class is dominant or subservient to metropolitan capital ; where the boundary around such a class should be drawn ; whether it is fully formed or not , and whether the power of the state is equivalent to the power of the bureaucracy as a social [being] ( murray 1967 ; leys 1976 ; zieman and lanzendorfer 1977 ) .

One surprising finding emerging from this study is the existence of a common but unrecognised entity — transient cryptogenic iron deficiency anaemia .
one surprising finding emerging from this study is the existence of a common but unrecognised [being] — transient cryptogenic iron deficiency anaemia .

Two fifteenth-century archbishops of Canterbury , Chichele and Bourchier , write of ‘ the Church of England ’ in terms which show that they regarded it as a distinctive entity within the Church Universal , and one in which they could take considerable national pride .
two fifteenth-century archbishops of canterbury , chichele and bourchier , write of ‘ the church of england ’ in terms which show that they regarded it as a distinctive [being] within the church universal , and one in which they could take considerable national pride .

Answer guide : This question has been designed to illustrate the business entity principle , the fact that a balance sheet represents a snapshot at one point in time and some of the difficulties encountered in deciding what should be included in a balance sheet .
answer guide : this question has been designed to illustrate the business [being] principle , the fact that a balance sheet represents a snapshot at one point in time and some of the difficulties encountered in deciding what should be included in a balance sheet .

Answer guide : The points being illustrated are the business entity .
answer guide : the points being illustrated are the business [being] .

If we apply the concept of accounting for a separate business entity then there is no reason why the salary paid to the owner should be treated any differently from other salaries .
if we apply the concept of accounting for a separate business [being] then there is no reason why the salary paid to the owner should be treated any differently from other salaries .

( Included as business expense under business entity principle . )
( included as business expense under business [being] principle . )

While not denying that only individuals can ultimately feel the burden of taxation , absolutists feel that the corporation is a legal entity , an economic organism in and of itself .
while not denying that only individuals can ultimately feel the burden of taxation , absolutists feel that the corporation is a legal [being] , an economic organism in and of itself .

For most couples this made little difference in terms of tax actually paid , but , as feminists were quick to point out , it treated the wife as a dependant and not a separate entity .
for most couples this made little difference in terms of tax actually paid , but , as feminists were quick to point out , it treated the wife as a dependant and not a separate [being] .

An entity is any chemical or isotopically distinct atom , molecule , ion , radical , complex , etc .
an [being] is any chemical or isotopically distinct atom , molecule , ion , radical , complex , etc .

, capable of identification as a separately distinguishable entity .
, capable of identification as a separately distinguishable [being] .

Accounting usually focuses on measurement of the financial impact of events as they affect a particular business entity such as a sole proprietorship , a partnership or a company .
accounting usually focuses on measurement of the financial impact of events as they affect a particular business [being] such as a sole proprietorship , a partnership or a company .

This is an assumption that an entity will continue indefinitely or at least will not go into liquidation in the near future .
this is an assumption that an [being] will continue indefinitely or at least will not go into liquidation in the near future .

Consolidated statements combine the financial positions and earnings reports of the parent company with those of various subsidiaries into an overall report as if they were a single entity .
consolidated statements combine the financial positions and earnings reports of the parent company with those of various subsidiaries into an overall report as if they were a single [being] .

The development of auditing accompanied the growth of the company as a separate legal entity .
the development of auditing accompanied the growth of the company as a separate legal [being] .

An annex to the communiqué , based on a paper prepared by the Irish presidency , stated the objective of political union to be `` the transformation of the Community from an entity mainly based on economic integration and political co-operation into a union of a political nature , including a common foreign and security policy `` .
an annex to the communiqué , based on a paper prepared by the irish presidency , stated the objective of political union to be `` the transformation of the community from an [being] mainly based on economic integration and political co-operation into a union of a political nature , including a common foreign and security policy `` .

For nine years until 1973 the Malaysian and Singapore markets were a single entity , and after their separation companies from each country were routinely listed on both exchanges .
for nine years until 1973 the malaysian and singapore markets were a single [being] , and after their separation companies from each country were routinely listed on both exchanges .

It is not religion , nor its truth-claims , that is the trouble , but rather attitudes of selfishness and possessiveness — of thinking of religion or of truth as an entity which we have and somebody else does not have .
it is not religion , nor its truth-claims , that is the trouble , but rather attitudes of selfishness and possessiveness — of thinking of religion or of truth as an [being] which we have and somebody else does not have .

Throughout the trading session completed trades are cleared through the CBoT Clearing Corporation which as a separate legal entity provides a counterparty guarantee for all trades .
throughout the trading session completed trades are cleared through the cbot clearing corporation which as a separate legal [being] provides a counterparty guarantee for all trades .

In several states the personal staff of the foreign minister , chosen by him and handling his correspondence and interviews , was a formally distinct entity .
in several states the personal staff of the foreign minister , chosen by him and handling his correspondence and interviews , was a formally distinct [being] .

But the possible advantages of influencing foreign public opinion , as that mysterious entity slowly evolved during the nineteenth century , were never lost to sight .
but the possible advantages of influencing foreign public opinion , as that mysterious [being] slowly evolved during the nineteenth century , were never lost to sight .

It looks as if the two books were not conceived as a single entity although they interrelate in the way that Hilton picks up and elaborates aspects of the subject of Scale 1 in Scale 2 .
it looks as if the two books were not conceived as a single [being] although they interrelate in the way that hilton picks up and elaborates aspects of the subject of scale 1 in scale 2 .

Whether the game is played out aggressively `` or `` altruistically `` or in any other way , it is always the interests of individuals that are being served ( or , in some variations of the theory , the interests of another kind of biological entity , an `` aggregate gene pool `` ) .
whether the game is played out aggressively `` or `` altruistically `` or in any other way , it is always the interests of individuals that are being served ( or , in some variations of the theory , the interests of another kind of biological [being] , an `` aggregate gene pool `` ) .

But , in those terms , taking the very wide range of social systems which were studied by the first generation of British social anthropologists as a model ( the list includes the Trobrianders , the Tikopia , the Bemba , the Tswana , the Azande , the Nuer , the Nupe , and the Tallensi among others ) , is it possible to formulate a useful stereotype of what this notional entity " a primitive society " or " a savage ( wild ) society " is like ?
but , in those terms , taking the very wide range of social systems which were studied by the first generation of british social anthropologists as a model ( the list includes the trobrianders , the tikopia , the bemba , the tswana , the azande , the nuer , the nupe , and the tallensi among others ) , is it possible to formulate a useful stereotype of what this notional [being] " a primitive society " or " a savage ( wild ) society " is like ?

As a consequence , not only is `` the family `` ( in this restricted sense ) quite a different kind of entity at each phase of its development but , except in so far as the original householders own property which can be transmitted to their children , there is no continuity of the `` we `` -group beyond the first generation .
as a consequence , not only is `` the family `` ( in this restricted sense ) quite a different kind of [being] at each phase of its development but , except in so far as the original householders own property which can be transmitted to their children , there is no continuity of the `` we `` -group beyond the first generation .

availability/co-operation of client/subject entity personnel : indicating the importance of effective communication to complete the work in the required timeframe .
availability/co-operation of client/subject [being] personnel : indicating the importance of effective communication to complete the work in the required timeframe .

Our policy is that Information memoranda should be issued only on the instruction of the disposing entity .
our policy is that information memoranda should be issued only on the instruction of the disposing [being] .

In all cases , financial statements are representations of the entity and its management and should never be considered those of the firm .
in all cases , financial statements are representations of the [being] and its management and should never be considered those of the firm .

Before a marketing strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary assessment of the entity to be disposed of should be carried out .
before a marketing strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary assessment of the [being] to be disposed of should be carried out .

Ownership of the entity and what may be for sale . ( What percentage of the business are we acting for ? )
ownership of the [being] and what may be for sale . ( what percentage of the business are we acting for ? )

The suggested format of the information memorandum and the use of the entity 's own promotional material ( videos , brochures and photographs )
the suggested format of the information memorandum and the use of the [being] 's own promotional material ( videos , brochures and photographs )

Visit the client 's principal facilities and discuss the entity 's business with persons familiar with the financial , operational and marketing aspects of the business .
visit the client 's principal facilities and discuss the [being] 's business with persons familiar with the financial , operational and marketing aspects of the business .

The firm may be requested to undertake valuations of a shareholding in an entity or of a business as a whole in a variety of circumstances . Such valuations are in the following broad categories :
the firm may be requested to undertake valuations of a shareholding in an [being] or of a business as a whole in a variety of circumstances . such valuations are in the following broad categories :

The maintainable level of future earnings may be considered as the level below which , in the absence of unforeseen and exceptional circumstances , the entity 's earnings would be unlikely to fall .
the maintainable level of future earnings may be considered as the level below which , in the absence of unforeseen and exceptional circumstances , the [being] 's earnings would be unlikely to fall .

An appropriately experienced consultation partner who is a valuations specialist and is not otherwise associated with the client 's ( or the subject entity 's , if different ) affairs should be appointed , and thereafter , should make himself available for consultation as required during the engagement .
an appropriately experienced consultation partner who is a valuations specialist and is not otherwise associated with the client 's ( or the subject [being] 's , if different ) affairs should be appointed , and thereafter , should make himself available for consultation as required during the engagement .

Care should be taken when undertaking a valuation for a minority shareholder in situations where the firm acts in another capacity for the entity itself .
care should be taken when undertaking a valuation for a minority shareholder in situations where the firm acts in another capacity for the [being] itself .

Background information about the entity being valued , the markets in which it operates and supplier and customer relations
background information about the [being] being valued , the markets in which it operates and supplier and customer relations

The general information contained in a long-form valuation report is likely to be obtained from a variety of sources , oral or written , from within or outside the entity being reported upon ( for example , auditors ' files ) .
the general information contained in a long-form valuation report is likely to be obtained from a variety of sources , oral or written , from within or outside the [being] being reported upon ( for example , auditors ' files ) .

If the cause is a self-replicating entity , the effect , be it ever so distant and indirect , can be subject to natural selection .
if the cause is a self-replicating [being] , the effect , be it ever so distant and indirect , can be subject to natural selection .

This is because those two theories postulate a particular event — the spontaneous arising of a self-replicating entity — as occurring only once in about a billion years , once per aeon .
this is because those two theories postulate a particular event — the spontaneous arising of a self-replicating [being] — as occurring only once in about a billion years , once per aeon .

We must recognise that a trade sale as a single entity is theoretically possible , although we believe that there is no obvious buyer .
we must recognise that a trade sale as a single [being] is theoretically possible , although we believe that there is no obvious buyer .

Only the grip of his hand on her arm joined their bodies together , yet the union seemed complete and total so that she was no longer a separate entity .
only the grip of his hand on her arm joined their bodies together , yet the union seemed complete and total so that she was no longer a separate [being] .

In the public mind they 're a single entity .
in the public mind they 're a single [being] .

Instinctively she knew how to pleasure him in return , exalted when he moaned at the delicacy of her touch and begged for her to increase the pressure of her caresses , until they reached the point of no return together , their bodies joining in a union so satisfying , so complete that in that moment of culmination Gina no longer felt a separate entity .
instinctively she knew how to pleasure him in return , exalted when he moaned at the delicacy of her touch and begged for her to increase the pressure of her caresses , until they reached the point of no return together , their bodies joining in a union so satisfying , so complete that in that moment of culmination gina no longer felt a separate [being] .

The key point was that the bases paired , making it possible for the first time to seem how a chemical entity might be able to store and copy information .
the key point was that the bases paired , making it possible for the first time to seem how a chemical [being] might be able to store and copy information .

spatial entity
spatial [being]

One of the most important techniques of data analysis described in the text is entity modelling .
one of the most important techniques of data analysis described in the text is [being] modelling .

Just as an accountant might use a financial model , the analyst can develop an entity model .
just as an accountant might use a financial model , the analyst can develop an [being] model .

The entity model is just another view of the organisation , but it is a particular perception of reality and it can be used to address a number of problems .
the [being] model is just another view of the organisation , but it is a particular perception of reality and it can be used to address a number of problems .

Each entity can be represented diagrammatically by soft boxes ( rectangles with rounded corners ) .
each [being] can be represented diagrammatically by soft boxes ( rectangles with rounded corners ) .

Fig. 3.1 Entity modelling — a first approach
fig. 3.1 [being] modelling — a first approach

The data items ( attributes ) associated with each entity ( or relation ) can then be normalised .
the data items ( attributes ) associated with each [being] ( or relation ) can then be normalised .

The information algebra proposed in the Codasyl report contained two important concepts : that of an entity as a thing that has reality , and that of joining records on equal values of keys .
the information algebra proposed in the codasyl report contained two important concepts : that of an [being] as a thing that has reality , and that of joining records on equal values of keys .

Fig. 3.2 An entity set relating to part of a hospital
fig. 3.2 an [being] set relating to part of a hospital

Another practical problem is that ‘ global ’ ( organisation-wide ) data analysis may be so costly and time-consuming that it is often preferable to carry out entity analysis at a ‘ local ’ level , such as the marketing area .
another practical problem is that ‘ global ’ ( organisation-wide ) data analysis may be so costly and time-consuming that it is often preferable to carry out [being] analysis at a ‘ local ’ level , such as the marketing area .

If a local entity analysis is carried out , the model can be mapped on to a database and applications applied to it before another local data analysis is started .
if a local [being] analysis is carried out , the model can be mapped on to a database and applications applied to it before another local data analysis is started .

An example of this could be entity occurrences of persons who are female , where they relate to :
an example of this could be [being] occurrences of persons who are female , where they relate to :

In the patient example , the fact that the person occurrence is female is important , so important that the patient entity may be split into two separate entities — male patients and female patients .
in the patient example , the fact that the person occurrence is female is important , so important that the patient [being] may be split into two separate entities — male patients and female patients .

In the student example , the fact that the person is female may not be of great significance and therefore there could be an attribute ‘ sex ’ of the person entity .
in the student example , the fact that the person is female may not be of great significance and therefore there could be an attribute ‘ sex ’ of the person [being] .

An entity is a thing of interest in the organisation , in other words it is anything about which we want to hold data .
an [being] is a thing of interest in the organisation , in other words it is anything about which we want to hold data .

An attribute is a descriptive value associated with an entity .
an attribute is a descriptive value associated with an [being] .

It is a property of an entity .
it is a property of an [being] .

At a certain stage in the analysis it becomes necessary not only to define each entity but also to record the relevant attributes of each entity .
at a certain stage in the analysis it becomes necessary not only to define each [being] but also to record the relevant attributes of each [being] .

There often arises the problem of distinguishing between an entity and an attribute .
there often arises the problem of distinguishing between an [being] and an attribute .

The entity should have importance in itself , otherwise it is an attribute .
the [being] should have importance in itself , otherwise it is an attribute .

With a many-to-many ( m : n ) relationship , each entity can be related to one or more occurrences of the partner entity .
with a many-to-many ( m : n ) relationship , each [being] can be related to one or more occurrences of the partner [being] .

Frequently there is useful information associated with many-to-many relationships and it is better to split these into two one-to-many relationships , with a third entity created to link these together .
frequently there is useful information associated with many-to-many relationships and it is better to split these into two one-to-many relationships , with a third [being] created to link these together .

Again , this should only be done if the new entity has some meaning in itself .
again , this should only be done if the new [being] has some meaning in itself .

Any relationship is necessarily linked to at least one entity .
any relationship is necessarily linked to at least one [being] .

If it is linked to only one entity it is involuted , and such a relationship is also said to be reflexive .
if it is linked to only one [being] it is involuted , and such a relationship is also said to be reflexive .

They are used to ensure that the entity model will support the functions that may use the data model .
they are used to ensure that the [being] model will support the functions that may use the data model .

Whereas relationships express the association between two entities , relations are a tabular representation of an entity , complete with attributes .
whereas relationships express the association between two entities , relations are a tabular representation of an [being] , complete with attributes .

We will now look at the stages of entity analysis which are :
we will now look at the stages of [being] analysis which are :

Establish the key attribute(s) for each entity
establish the key attribute(s) for each [being]

Complete each entity with all the attributes
complete each [being] with all the attributes

The first stage of entity analysis requires the definition of the area for analysis .
the first stage of [being] analysis requires the definition of the area for analysis .

It is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .
it is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each [being] are identified .

The key of each entity will also be determined .
the key of each [being] will also be determined .

The key attributes will uniquely identify any entity occurrence .
the key attributes will uniquely identify any [being] occurrence .

This means establishing the attributes for each entity .
this means establishing the attributes for each [being] .

Each attribute will say something about the entity .
each attribute will say something about the [being] .

Each entity must be normalised to third normal form once the entity occurrences have been added to the model .
each [being] must be normalised to third normal form once the [being] occurrences have been added to the model .

Briefly , the rules of normalisation require that all entries in the entity must be completed ( first normal form ) , all attributes of the entity must be dependent on all the key ( second normal form ) , and all non-key attributes must be independent of one another ( third normal form ) .
briefly , the rules of normalisation require that all entries in the [being] must be completed ( first normal form ) , all attributes of the [being] must be dependent on all the key ( second normal form ) , and all non-key attributes must be independent of one another ( third normal form ) .

The final stage of entity analysis will be to look at all the events within the area and the operations that need to be performed following an event , and ensure that the model supports these events and operations .
the final stage of [being] analysis will be to look at all the events within the area and the operations that need to be performed following an event , and ensure that the model supports these events and operations .

Fig. 3.11 Checking the entity model
fig. 3.11 checking the [being] model

Entity modelling has documentation aids like other methods of systems analysis .
[being] modelling has documentation aids like other methods of systems analysis .

Entity modelling can be used as an aid to communication as well as a technique for finding out information .
[being] modelling can be used as an aid to communication as well as a technique for finding out information .

Fig. 3.12 Entity documentation
fig. 3.12 [being] documentation

Fig. 3.18 An entity model for an academic department ( from Avison & Wood-Harper , 1990 )
fig. 3.18 an [being] model for an academic department ( from avison & wood-harper , 1990 )

We will look at database mapping in detail in Section 4.8 , but in principle , when converting the conceptual schema to the relational model , entities become relations ( entity occurrences being the tuples ) ; the attributes are mapped directly , the key attributes of an entity will be the same as those of the relation ; and the relationships also become relations , their keys being derived from the keys of the relations taking part in the relationship .
we will look at database mapping in detail in section 4.8 , but in principle , when converting the conceptual schema to the relational model , entities become relations ( [being] occurrences being the tuples ) ; the attributes are mapped directly , the key attributes of an [being] will be the same as those of the relation ; and the relationships also become relations , their keys being derived from the keys of the relations taking part in the relationship .

In the hierarchical model the data structures are represented by trees with the top entity referred to as the root ( of which there can be only one per hierarchy ) .
in the hierarchical model the data structures are represented by trees with the top [being] referred to as the root ( of which there can be only one per hierarchy ) .

Each relation is an entity and if a domain is a key in one relation and an attribute or part of a key in another , this would represent a one-to-many hierarchical relationship .
each relation is an [being] and if a domain is a key in one relation and an attribute or part of a key in another , this would represent a one-to-many hierarchical relationship .

In this approach , as with hierarchies but unlike the relational model , there are explicit links between related entity occurrences .
in this approach , as with hierarchies but unlike the relational model , there are explicit links between related [being] occurrences .

Faced with this fact , a lesser entity might get maudlin , wallowing in memories of the long-gone glory days .
faced with this fact , a lesser [being] might get maudlin , wallowing in memories of the long-gone glory days .

Local government is an entity on its own .
local government is an [being] on its own .

The income generation unit is no longer a separate entity within the Department .
the income generation unit is no longer a separate [being] within the department .

Will the Secretary of State explain to me , and to my puzzled constituents , what is the point of Powys health authority 's applying for trust status , given that the entity which now constitutes the health authority would also constitute the trust ?
will the secretary of state explain to me , and to my puzzled constituents , what is the point of powys health authority 's applying for trust status , given that the [being] which now constitutes the health authority would also constitute the trust ?

Are we seeking to create a totally different entity ?
are we seeking to create a totally different [being] ?

That entity must be based on consensus and it must be one to which the British people will willingly belong because they appreciate the advantages to which the hon .
that [being] must be based on consensus and it must be one to which the british people will willingly belong because they appreciate the advantages to which the hon .

It must be an entity that this Parliament can recognise .
it must be an [being] that this parliament can recognise .

The 1608 Lear is published by the Oxford editors because they feel it sufficiently different from the Folio version to justify seeing it as a separate aesthetic entity .
the 1608 lear is published by the oxford editors because they feel it sufficiently different from the folio version to justify seeing it as a separate aesthetic [being] .

Revision is assumed to be a teleological operation , the process of an autonomous author in control of an autonomous aesthetic entity .
revision is assumed to be a teleological operation , the process of an autonomous author in control of an autonomous aesthetic [being] .

Headings may be subdivided by the name of a country or other political entity , a region or a geographic feature .
headings may be subdivided by the name of a country or other political [being] , a region or a geographic feature .

Every time he looked her way , that frightening compulsion went sweeping through her , the urge to let him look , let him absorb her until nothing was left and she no longer existed as a separate , individual entity .
every time he looked her way , that frightening compulsion went sweeping through her , the urge to let him look , let him absorb her until nothing was left and she no longer existed as a separate , individual [being] .

In what follows , we first consider the behaviour of the agency as an entity , parallel to the firm ; then we examine the implications of its internal structure .
in what follows , we first consider the behaviour of the agency as an [being] , parallel to the firm ; then we examine the implications of its internal structure .

In the earlier view a work was regarded as a more or less arbitrarily agglomerated collection of defamiliarizing devices , but now it becomes important to see it as an entity , a structure or a system where it is the system which determines what the function of a given device will be , whether it will be foregrounded or automatized .
in the earlier view a work was regarded as a more or less arbitrarily agglomerated collection of defamiliarizing devices , but now it becomes important to see it as an [being] , a structure or a system where it is the system which determines what the function of a given device will be , whether it will be foregrounded or automatized .

It is not an entity or an origin , although the language we use may predispose us to thinking of it in those terms .
it is not an [being] or an origin , although the language we use may predispose us to thinking of it in those terms .

Derrida , of course , endorses this formulation , but stresses the principle of arbitrariness and differences as against the notion of the sign itself , since it risks degenerating into an entity and thus reverting to a metaphysical concept .
derrida , of course , endorses this formulation , but stresses the principle of arbitrariness and differences as against the notion of the sign itself , since it risks degenerating into an [being] and thus reverting to a metaphysical concept .

The concept of structure is replaced in Derrida 's writing by the concept of a chain of signification which avoids the dangers implicit in the notion of structure : by being open-ended and non-teleological it does away with any idea of a commanding entity within the system , and by having a temporal as well as a spatial dimension it can not itself be reduced to the status of entity or object .
the concept of structure is replaced in derrida 's writing by the concept of a chain of signification which avoids the dangers implicit in the notion of structure : by being open-ended and non-teleological it does away with any idea of a commanding [being] within the system , and by having a temporal as well as a spatial dimension it can not itself be reduced to the status of [being] or object .

What Derrida argues is that any discourse which conceives of itself as scientific is bound to be logocentric : it will assume that it is transparent to its object and that that object is a stable entity .
what derrida argues is that any discourse which conceives of itself as scientific is bound to be logocentric : it will assume that it is transparent to its object and that that object is a stable [being] .

He had also to tackle the technical problems of bringing two curriculum systems into one entity .
he had also to tackle the technical problems of bringing two curriculum systems into one [being] .

It allowed Franco to play the nationalist card more blatantly than ever , using his public appearances to recall the horrors of the Civil War and to present himself as both martyr on the altar of Spain 's liberation from communism and guarantor of the continued existence of Spain as a coherent socio-political entity . ``
it allowed franco to play the nationalist card more blatantly than ever , using his public appearances to recall the horrors of the civil war and to present himself as both martyr on the altar of spain 's liberation from communism and guarantor of the continued existence of spain as a coherent socio-political [being] . ``

Entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .
entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an [being] while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .

Let us clarify by giving some examples , assuming first a speaker who wishes to give linguistic expression to some part of the world which is perceived as an entity .
let us clarify by giving some examples , assuming first a speaker who wishes to give linguistic expression to some part of the world which is perceived as an [being] .

They are sometimes used solely for the sake of the descriptive properties which they express , as perhaps in : But the majority of their occurrences are aimed at identifying some entity .
they are sometimes used solely for the sake of the descriptive properties which they express , as perhaps in : but the majority of their occurrences are aimed at identifying some [being] .

Even in the latter instances , however , the entity is identified by means of the properties which it designates .
even in the latter instances , however , the [being] is identified by means of the properties which it designates .

To put it another way , a noun , as an item from the lexicon of the language , has descriptive content and may be considered as a property concept just as much as any verb or adjective , with only the exception that it is habitually used in individual acts of communication in order to identify an entity , by means of that descriptive content .
to put it another way , a noun , as an item from the lexicon of the language , has descriptive content and may be considered as a property concept just as much as any verb or adjective , with only the exception that it is habitually used in individual acts of communication in order to identify an [being] , by means of that descriptive content .

Thus we might , in the case of names , allow a representation like : The explicit omission of round brackets conveys the claim that the name identifies some entity directly , not through the mention of some properties .
thus we might , in the case of names , allow a representation like : the explicit omission of round brackets conveys the claim that the name identifies some [being] directly , not through the mention of some properties .

( At the same time , we can very usefully retain the small capitals to indicate that , although no conventional property is involved , there is some body of cohesive information that corresponds to the form `` Adolphus `` , and that can be used to pick out some particular entity for discussion . )
( at the same time , we can very usefully retain the small capitals to indicate that , although no conventional property is involved , there is some body of cohesive information that corresponds to the form `` adolphus `` , and that can be used to pick out some particular [being] for discussion . )

Although it is not in itself part of the system which generates intensional structures , and we shall not make the term part of our fundamental descriptive apparatus , we may say that the property of an adjective applies to an entity when the language user takes the property which it designates to be valid ( in positive statements ) for some entity which he or she also recognizes ( even if the entity itself may be acknowledged as an imaginary one ) .
although it is not in itself part of the system which generates intensional structures , and we shall not make the term part of our fundamental descriptive apparatus , we may say that the property of an adjective applies to an [being] when the language user takes the property which it designates to be valid ( in positive statements ) for some [being] which he or she also recognizes ( even if the [being] itself may be acknowledged as an imaginary one ) .

We shall find that there is a very good general rule that , while adjectives may qualify verbs or verb phrases as well as nouns , the property which an adjective designates is understood to apply to the entity of that noun phrase with which it is in construction most directly ( but not necessarily immediately , as we see in Chapters 3 to 9 ) .
we shall find that there is a very good general rule that , while adjectives may qualify verbs or verb phrases as well as nouns , the property which an adjective designates is understood to apply to the [being] of that noun phrase with which it is in construction most directly ( but not necessarily immediately , as we see in chapters 3 to 9 ) .

There are good reasons for distinguishing it both from the level of the meanings of expressions , as will become apparent later in the text ( see in particular Chapter 6 ) , and from whatever more general non-linguistic level of mental activity has to take responsibility for human perception of external phenomena ; a sufficient reason is that speakers of the language are well aware that they can seek to identify one and the same entity or property by using the meanings of various different expressions : Examples like ( 22 ) are familiarly put forward as showing the distinction between meaning and reference ; they may serve that purpose but that is quite a different matter .
there are good reasons for distinguishing it both from the level of the meanings of expressions , as will become apparent later in the text ( see in particular chapter 6 ) , and from whatever more general non-linguistic level of mental activity has to take responsibility for human perception of external phenomena ; a sufficient reason is that speakers of the language are well aware that they can seek to identify one and the same [being] or property by using the meanings of various different expressions : examples like ( 22 ) are familiarly put forward as showing the distinction between meaning and reference ; they may serve that purpose but that is quite a different matter .

It may possibly be , as it surely is in ( 22 ) , that , where a single entity is present to the mind of the speaker , the same speaker can not simultaneously entertain the idea of more than one referent corresponding to that entity ( though there may be certain problems for this view in the case of collective nouns such as government or congregation or quartet , for which see Chapter 8 ) ; however , it is much less obvious that , where there is assumed to be only a single referent , there should be only a single intensional entity present to the mind ; rather , it seems to us that the separation of the referential and the intensional elements is precisely what lies behind such examples as ( 23 ) ( from Searle , 1969 ) , or ( 24 ) : ( 23 ) Everest is Chomolungma ( 24 ) the sheriff did not know that he was Arthur 's brother In the latter sentence , of course , we are interested in the interpretation which has he co-referring with Arthur 's brother , and the reason that we do not find a reflexive in the final position is precisely that these two elements are distinct intensionally even though they share the same referent .
it may possibly be , as it surely is in ( 22 ) , that , where a single [being] is present to the mind of the speaker , the same speaker can not simultaneously entertain the idea of more than one referent corresponding to that [being] ( though there may be certain problems for this view in the case of collective nouns such as government or congregation or quartet , for which see chapter 8 ) ; however , it is much less obvious that , where there is assumed to be only a single referent , there should be only a single intensional [being] present to the mind ; rather , it seems to us that the separation of the referential and the intensional elements is precisely what lies behind such examples as ( 23 ) ( from searle , 1969 ) , or ( 24 ) : ( 23 ) everest is chomolungma ( 24 ) the sheriff did not know that he was arthur 's brother in the latter sentence , of course , we are interested in the interpretation which has he co-referring with arthur 's brother , and the reason that we do not find a reflexive in the final position is precisely that these two elements are distinct intensionally even though they share the same referent .

In these purely syntactic terms , equation has the obvious value that the language user regards one entity or property , in some given context , as being equivalent to the other .
in these purely syntactic terms , equation has the obvious value that the language user regards one [being] or property , in some given context , as being equivalent to the other .

It is what makes the difference between the phrase ( 30 ) , where the first-order relation is of course qualification , and the completeness of ( 31 ) : ( 30 ) lucky Gomez ( 31 ) Gomez is lucky Similarly , this is the difference which opposes ( 32 ) and ( 33 ) , where the relation assigned is equation rather than qualification : ( 32 ) the broker , a man in a grey suit ( 33 ) the broker was a man in a grey suit The notion of `` completeness `` may seem vague ; again , however , we should not expect it to be defined more closely for the very good reason that fundamental notions — and we take assignment together with equation and qualification , along with the ideas of entity and property , to be the bedrock of linguistic structure — do not allow themselves to be defined .
it is what makes the difference between the phrase ( 30 ) , where the first-order relation is of course qualification , and the completeness of ( 31 ) : ( 30 ) lucky gomez ( 31 ) gomez is lucky similarly , this is the difference which opposes ( 32 ) and ( 33 ) , where the relation assigned is equation rather than qualification : ( 32 ) the broker , a man in a grey suit ( 33 ) the broker was a man in a grey suit the notion of `` completeness `` may seem vague ; again , however , we should not expect it to be defined more closely for the very good reason that fundamental notions — and we take assignment together with equation and qualification , along with the ideas of [being] and property , to be the bedrock of linguistic structure — do not allow themselves to be defined .

Although , as we have said , applicability of a property is not part of our descriptive apparatus as such , in Chapter 3 we shall point out that there is an inevitable consequence of the occurrence of assignment of qualification , namely that the qualifying property is taken to be valid for the entity qualified , by contrast with the case where qualification occurs alone .
although , as we have said , applicability of a property is not part of our descriptive apparatus as such , in chapter 3 we shall point out that there is an inevitable consequence of the occurrence of assignment of qualification , namely that the qualifying property is taken to be valid for the [being] qualified , by contrast with the case where qualification occurs alone .

an entity and a property ( but see ( 37 ) ) .
an [being] and a property ( but see ( 37 ) ) .

The important point , however , is that the two `` likes `` must be treated as like in some respect ; and in the linguistic cases this does not merely mean that the two items co-ordinated must be on the same level in terms of specific syntactic classifications , as has often been remarked ; more importantly , it is clear that they must be alike in both bearing one of the other relations , already introduced , to some third element ; thus , in : ( 38 ) Nora is Irish and beautiful the structure is such that Irish and beautiful are both related to Nora by assignment , while in : ( 39 ) bed and board is going to take half his wages the relation of instantiation links both bed and board to the single entity in the subject position .
the important point , however , is that the two `` likes `` must be treated as like in some respect ; and in the linguistic cases this does not merely mean that the two items co-ordinated must be on the same level in terms of specific syntactic classifications , as has often been remarked ; more importantly , it is clear that they must be alike in both bearing one of the other relations , already introduced , to some third element ; thus , in : ( 38 ) nora is irish and beautiful the structure is such that irish and beautiful are both related to nora by assignment , while in : ( 39 ) bed and board is going to take half his wages the relation of instantiation links both bed and board to the single [being] in the subject position .

( The fact that the entity is single at the intensional level explains why the verb is singular despite the plurality of nouns and of referents . )
( the fact that the [being] is single at the intensional level explains why the verb is singular despite the plurality of nouns and of referents . )

There may also be a large overlap between intuitive classification as a `` thing `` and lexical labelling as a noun , but this is a separate issue ; the distinction for purposes of linguistic structure between entity and property is undoubtedly to be taken as autonomous .
there may also be a large overlap between intuitive classification as a `` thing `` and lexical labelling as a noun , but this is a separate issue ; the distinction for purposes of linguistic structure between [being] and property is undoubtedly to be taken as autonomous .

Evidence for this is so freely available even within a single language that it may be overlooked ; a random pair of examples from English , one abstract , one `` concrete `` , would be those in ( 40 ) and ( 41 ) , each showing the same notion present twice but only once in the guise of a noun : ( 40 ) the male ape has amazing strength the male ape is amazingly strong ( 41 ) Steve 's scarf was greasy there was grease on Steve 's scarf The question is not essentially affected by the need to enter certain caveats related to the superficial grammar of the language concerned ; thus in English , unlike for example Russian or Latin , there are relatively few nouns which can instantiate an entity without some article or other determiner playing a supporting part .
evidence for this is so freely available even within a single language that it may be overlooked ; a random pair of examples from english , one abstract , one `` concrete `` , would be those in ( 40 ) and ( 41 ) , each showing the same notion present twice but only once in the guise of a noun : ( 40 ) the male ape has amazing strength the male ape is amazingly strong ( 41 ) steve 's scarf was greasy there was grease on steve 's scarf the question is not essentially affected by the need to enter certain caveats related to the superficial grammar of the language concerned ; thus in english , unlike for example russian or latin , there are relatively few nouns which can instantiate an [being] without some article or other determiner playing a supporting part .

1.11 Thus , our basic descriptive apparatus will consist of two ( primitive ) types of element , entity and property ( each represented by indefinitely many tokens ) ; and of the relations of qualification and equation , and of assignment ( as well as — with certain reservations — co-ordination ) which link entities and properties to one another .
1.11 thus , our basic descriptive apparatus will consist of two ( primitive ) types of element , [being] and property ( each represented by indefinitely many tokens ) ; and of the relations of qualification and equation , and of assignment ( as well as — with certain reservations — co-ordination ) which link entities and properties to one another .

In this chapter we shall examine a construction which has the basic value of providing a subordinate property to assist in identification of some entity when this is not fully achieved by the noun .
in this chapter we shall examine a construction which has the basic value of providing a subordinate property to assist in identification of some [being] when this is not fully achieved by the noun .

Out of the indefinitely large number of possible examples in English , we might suggest : Although the adjectives differ in many ways , which will be examined in the next nine chapters , these phrases all exemplify the qualifying structure of ( 1 ) ; the noun alone is not sufficient to identify the entity under consideration by the speaker so the adjective is introduced to aid the process .
out of the indefinitely large number of possible examples in english , we might suggest : although the adjectives differ in many ways , which will be examined in the next nine chapters , these phrases all exemplify the qualifying structure of ( 1 ) ; the noun alone is not sufficient to identify the [being] under consideration by the speaker so the adjective is introduced to aid the process .

In the second and fourth of those cited , the nouns wine and government each designate properties which are valid for a certain entity .
in the second and fourth of those cited , the nouns wine and government each designate properties which are valid for a certain [being] .

It will moreover be widely accepted that , in any proper use of these particular examples , this entity can truly be described as French .
it will moreover be widely accepted that , in any proper use of these particular examples , this [being] can truly be described as french .

In the one set of cases , the adjective is used not merely as a subordinate element in qualification but also to apply a property directly to the entity designated by the noun , the head word of the phrase ; in the other the adjective mentions the same property but it is merely , in some way , to be associated with that entity ; it is certainly intended to assist in entity-identification — and that is why it is there — but as a property it actually belongs to someone or something else .
in the one set of cases , the adjective is used not merely as a subordinate element in qualification but also to apply a property directly to the [being] designated by the noun , the head word of the phrase ; in the other the adjective mentions the same property but it is merely , in some way , to be associated with that [being] ; it is certainly intended to assist in entity-identification — and that is why it is there — but as a property it actually belongs to someone or something else .

There are two things here which need to be distinguished : one is the structural , intensional , association between the adjective and the noun ( or , strictly speaking , between the property and the entity that they instantiate ) that form a phrase together and are jointly engaged in the business of identifying some entity ; the other is the referential link between the adjective and that to which it properly applies .
there are two things here which need to be distinguished : one is the structural , intensional , association between the adjective and the noun ( or , strictly speaking , between the property and the [being] that they instantiate ) that form a phrase together and are jointly engaged in the business of identifying some [being] ; the other is the referential link between the adjective and that to which it properly applies .

Cases of the latter type , where the adjective is used only to aid identification and does not actually apply to the entity of the phrase , closely resemble the great bulk of noun + noun phrases in their structural value , examples such as : ( 11 ) army manoeuvres the piano factory a sea monster an angle bracket However , even among noun + noun phrases , certain specimens occur which are clearly analogous to the former type ; as in : ( 12 ) a doctor journalist ( or doctor-journalist ) Chancellor Kohl a bed-settee These would permit an affirmative answer to our diagnostic test , although normally it is necessary to allow a little leeway in the shape of an added determiner to allow for this requirement of English : ( 13 ) Maurice is a journalist and he is also a doctor 2.3 It would be useful to have names for the two types of adjectival use , and there are fortunately two terms available which fall in the right semantic area and which have not been pre-empted for any other widely accepted technical linguistic purpose .
cases of the latter type , where the adjective is used only to aid identification and does not actually apply to the [being] of the phrase , closely resemble the great bulk of noun + noun phrases in their structural value , examples such as : ( 11 ) army manoeuvres the piano factory a sea monster an angle bracket however , even among noun + noun phrases , certain specimens occur which are clearly analogous to the former type ; as in : ( 12 ) a doctor journalist ( or doctor-journalist ) chancellor kohl a bed-settee these would permit an affirmative answer to our diagnostic test , although normally it is necessary to allow a little leeway in the shape of an added determiner to allow for this requirement of english : ( 13 ) maurice is a journalist and he is also a doctor 2.3 it would be useful to have names for the two types of adjectival use , and there are fortunately two terms available which fall in the right semantic area and which have not been pre-empted for any other widely accepted technical linguistic purpose .

We shall therefore use ascription for the case where the adjective conveys a property which is valid for the entity instantiated by the noun , and association for the case where it is valid for something else .
we shall therefore use ascription for the case where the adjective conveys a property which is valid for the [being] instantiated by the noun , and association for the case where it is valid for something else .

In this book it is our aim to give such an account of the meaning of the various surface constructions where adjectives are found in English , doing so by relating these to such intensional notions as entity , identification , qualification and assignment ( which can themselves be plausibly related to more general aspects of mental activity ) ; and indeed we believe this is the task for syntax in general .
in this book it is our aim to give such an account of the meaning of the various surface constructions where adjectives are found in english , doing so by relating these to such intensional notions as [being] , identification , qualification and assignment ( which can themselves be plausibly related to more general aspects of mental activity ) ; and indeed we believe this is the task for syntax in general .

However , we have already pointed out , by implication , one very important syntactic consequence : only the ascriptive adjectives are eligible to appear predicatively , that is , in a position like that of hungry in : ( 19 ) the antelopes are hungry As was already indicated in Chapter 1 , and as we shall see in more detail in Chapter 3 , predicative position is the surface structure which expresses the intensional relation of assignment , and assignment does require that the property of the adjective should be construed as applied to the entity of the subject noun phrase .
however , we have already pointed out , by implication , one very important syntactic consequence : only the ascriptive adjectives are eligible to appear predicatively , that is , in a position like that of hungry in : ( 19 ) the antelopes are hungry as was already indicated in chapter 1 , and as we shall see in more detail in chapter 3 , predicative position is the surface structure which expresses the intensional relation of assignment , and assignment does require that the property of the adjective should be construed as applied to the [being] of the subject noun phrase .

But when one is dealing with associative use , we have to do with a binary distinction ; the adjective is introduced solely to indicate that its property , even though applicable to some other entity , is associated with the entity of its noun phrase , and here there are only two possible states — either the property is associated , in the view of the speaker , or it is not ( and of course by a slightly curious consequence of the communicational process , the state must always be the positive one , since if the property were not felt to be associated with that entity and needed for identification , then the adjective which designates that property would simply not appear ) .
but when one is dealing with associative use , we have to do with a binary distinction ; the adjective is introduced solely to indicate that its property , even though applicable to some other [being] , is associated with the [being] of its noun phrase , and here there are only two possible states — either the property is associated , in the view of the speaker , or it is not ( and of course by a slightly curious consequence of the communicational process , the state must always be the positive one , since if the property were not felt to be associated with that [being] and needed for identification , then the adjective which designates that property would simply not appear ) .

Since then , it has come to designate what is clearly perceived as a property in its own right , which , when used in an adjective , is ascribed to the accompanying noun ( or , strictly , to the entity that is its referential locus ) .
since then , it has come to designate what is clearly perceived as a property in its own right , which , when used in an adjective , is ascribed to the accompanying noun ( or , strictly , to the [being] that is its referential locus ) .

It is the position of the adjective which instantiates a property explicitly assigned to the entity already identified by the subject of the sentence but which does not take part in identifying that subject .
it is the position of the adjective which instantiates a property explicitly assigned to the [being] already identified by the subject of the sentence but which does not take part in identifying that subject .

This relation is marked constructionally by the use of a form of the verb to be preceded by an expression identifying some entity and followed by the adjective instantiating the property .
this relation is marked constructionally by the use of a form of the verb to be preceded by an expression identifying some [being] and followed by the adjective instantiating the property .

The combination of subject entity and adjectival property becomes structurally complete by virtue , and only by virtue , of their combination under this relation of assignment . This sense of completeness , experienced in ( 2 ) by contrast with ( 1 ) is perhaps the one aspect of intensional structure which is purely linguistic : ( 1 ) angry residents ( 2 ) residents are angry
the combination of subject [being] and adjectival property becomes structurally complete by virtue , and only by virtue , of their combination under this relation of assignment . this sense of completeness , experienced in ( 2 ) by contrast with ( 1 ) is perhaps the one aspect of intensional structure which is purely linguistic : ( 1 ) angry residents ( 2 ) residents are angry

An automatic consequence of the completeness is that the property of the adjective is taken to be valid for , or applicable to , the subject entity , for current purposes .
an automatic consequence of the completeness is that the property of the adjective is taken to be valid for , or applicable to , the subject [being] , for current purposes .

The adjective in predicative position , which is introduced to be " added " to an already identified subject thus has an altogether different function from that of the prenominal attributive adjective which appears in order to play its part in the identification of an entity .
the adjective in predicative position , which is introduced to be " added " to an already identified subject thus has an altogether different function from that of the prenominal attributive adjective which appears in order to play its part in the identification of an [being] .

The reason why ( 6 ) is perceived as if it was assignment is that the indefinitizing effect of the determiner means that the hearer is granted no more about the entity in post-copular position than : ( a ) The properties denoted by the noun used ; ( b ) The fact that it is an entity ; but the latter fact has already been given by the subject noun phrase ; hence the effect , with such a determiner , amounts to the same thing , in practice ( but not in terms of intensional pattern ) , as simple assignment .
the reason why ( 6 ) is perceived as if it was assignment is that the indefinitizing effect of the determiner means that the hearer is granted no more about the [being] in post-copular position than : ( a ) the properties denoted by the noun used ; ( b ) the fact that it is an [being] ; but the latter fact has already been given by the subject noun phrase ; hence the effect , with such a determiner , amounts to the same thing , in practice ( but not in terms of intensional pattern ) , as simple assignment .

We shall assume that , by definition , an adjective , which instantiates a property , can not be related to a noun phrase identifying an entity by the relation of equation , and we have to deal in predicative position only with the other intensional relation found in items following a form of to be , assignment of qualification .
we shall assume that , by definition , an adjective , which instantiates a property , can not be related to a noun phrase identifying an [being] by the relation of equation , and we have to deal in predicative position only with the other intensional relation found in items following a form of to be , assignment of qualification .

The reason for the exclusion of associative adjectives from predicative position is an immediate consequence of the fact that predicative position explicitly assigns the property of the adjective to the entity of the noun phrase in subject position , while associative adjectives are characterized by the fact that they are not taken as valid for the entity which they qualify .
the reason for the exclusion of associative adjectives from predicative position is an immediate consequence of the fact that predicative position explicitly assigns the property of the adjective to the [being] of the noun phrase in subject position , while associative adjectives are characterized by the fact that they are not taken as valid for the [being] which they qualify .

After all , since there are postnominal attributives , and since attributive adjectives have the function of helping to identify some entity , and since associatives certainly do this even though their referential locus is different from that of the noun qualified , the reason for the gap is not obvious .
after all , since there are postnominal attributives , and since attributive adjectives have the function of helping to identify some [being] , and since associatives certainly do this even though their referential locus is different from that of the noun qualified , the reason for the gap is not obvious .

To answer the initial question first , it is certainly true that for ascriptive adjectives at least , with adjective and noun held constant , alternation between qualification and assignment can produce no difference in either the entity identified or the pattern of assignment of properties .
to answer the initial question first , it is certainly true that for ascriptive adjectives at least , with adjective and noun held constant , alternation between qualification and assignment can produce no difference in either the [being] identified or the pattern of assignment of properties .

Moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the entity identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in Chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .
moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the [being] identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .

When one is aiming simply to identify an entity for a hearer , in the nature of things one will tend to find enduring characteristics more reliable as the means of doing so , although there will certainly be a proportion of cases where some `` occasional `` property is just as useful .
when one is aiming simply to identify an [being] for a hearer , in the nature of things one will tend to find enduring characteristics more reliable as the means of doing so , although there will certainly be a proportion of cases where some `` occasional `` property is just as useful .

But if it is desirable to assign a property to an entity , then that will far more frequently , although not invariably , be needed precisely when the property is not an inherent quality of the entity in question ; further , this will especially be so when the property is tied to some particular event — hence the high incidence of present and past participles among postnominals .
but if it is desirable to assign a property to an [being] , then that will far more frequently , although not invariably , be needed precisely when the property is not an inherent quality of the [being] in question ; further , this will especially be so when the property is tied to some particular event — hence the high incidence of present and past participles among postnominals .

Assignment , on the other hand , requires a more explicit focus on the particular property assigned ; what is assigned may be a complex property ( like fairly acceptable ) , or even a co-ordination ; but to expect a single linguistic faculty to make two separate assignments of properties to the same entity in the same phrase would be unreasonable ; it would be analogous to expecting a physical eye to focus on two different objects at the same time .
assignment , on the other hand , requires a more explicit focus on the particular property assigned ; what is assigned may be a complex property ( like fairly acceptable ) , or even a co-ordination ; but to expect a single linguistic faculty to make two separate assignments of properties to the same [being] in the same phrase would be unreasonable ; it would be analogous to expecting a physical eye to focus on two different objects at the same time .

stated explicitly to be valid for the entity concerned — on the grounds that it is felt to be a characteristic sufficiently basic to the entity not to need assignment , as opposed to being called upon as an initial qualifying and identifying element .
stated explicitly to be valid for the [being] concerned — on the grounds that it is felt to be a characteristic sufficiently basic to the [being] not to need assignment , as opposed to being called upon as an initial qualifying and identifying element .

In moving towards a satisfying identification of some entity , the mind of a speaker will naturally tend to describe it initially by matching its roughly perceived whole against those properties that are most common in use and perceptually basic .
in moving towards a satisfying identification of some [being] , the mind of a speaker will naturally tend to describe it initially by matching its roughly perceived whole against those properties that are most common in use and perceptually basic .

Exactly because they are common and basic they are relatively unlikely to need an explicit statement , by assignment , that they are valid for any entity where they are perceived .
exactly because they are common and basic they are relatively unlikely to need an explicit statement , by assignment , that they are valid for any [being] where they are perceived .

This will be the reason for the oddity of ( 54 ) where one such basic property is related to its noun through assignment , by contrast with the normality of ( 55 ) where it is given as one of the initial identifying properties of the subject entity ( there is obviously no difference of truth-value between the two ) : ( 54 ) ?
this will be the reason for the oddity of ( 54 ) where one such basic property is related to its noun through assignment , by contrast with the normality of ( 55 ) where it is given as one of the initial identifying properties of the subject [being] ( there is obviously no difference of truth-value between the two ) : ( 54 ) ?

We see this in : ( 59 ) the bicycles damaged all had red handlebars The article here has virtually no function except to commend the entity identified as one which the audience should be able to recognize , and recognition focuses on the property damaged .
we see this in : ( 59 ) the bicycles damaged all had red handlebars the article here has virtually no function except to commend the [being] identified as one which the audience should be able to recognize , and recognition focuses on the property damaged .

On the other hand , by far the commonest qualification of clauses is by single property words , and whenever there is a choice of form available , English shows unambiguously that these take the adverbial form , used in property qualification , and not the adjectival form needed for entity qualification : ( 71 ) the baker , finally successful , produced a wonderful cake ( 72 ) her final success was all the sweeter after the failures ( 73 ) finally , the droschke was repaired ( 74 ) final , the droschke was repaired
on the other hand , by far the commonest qualification of clauses is by single property words , and whenever there is a choice of form available , english shows unambiguously that these take the adverbial form , used in property qualification , and not the adjectival form needed for [being] qualification : ( 71 ) the baker , finally successful , produced a wonderful cake ( 72 ) her final success was all the sweeter after the failures ( 73 ) finally , the droschke was repaired ( 74 ) final , the droschke was repaired

In introducing the predicative construction in Section 3.2 we stated that it had two positive characteristics : completeness , which we regard as primary ; and the secondary characteristic of making explicit the validity of the subordinate property for the entity qualified .
in introducing the predicative construction in section 3.2 we stated that it had two positive characteristics : completeness , which we regard as primary ; and the secondary characteristic of making explicit the validity of the subordinate property for the [being] qualified .

The initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .
the initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an [being] word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the [being] identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that [being] stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .

Indeed the adjective must be so understood ; if we try to imagine using , in the structure of ( 16 ) , an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase ( nor helping as a qualifier to identify any entity of the sentence ) , there will be only two possible outcomes : If it is a property semantically compatible with the verb , the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb : ( 17 ) Alastair likes his beef tea great Alternatively , it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either ; but , in that case , there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically `` loose `` , so that the whole will be incomprehensible : ( 18 ) the process left the documents puzzled Thus , the property of the adjective qualifies , in purely syntactic terms , the inner grouping of verb and object ; it is applied to the entity of the noun phrase , but not directly , only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures , each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to function effectively .
indeed the adjective must be so understood ; if we try to imagine using , in the structure of ( 16 ) , an adjectival property which is not ascribed to the [being] of the noun phrase ( nor helping as a qualifier to identify any [being] of the sentence ) , there will be only two possible outcomes : if it is a property semantically compatible with the verb , the result will be taken as an ungrammatical way of expressing a thought which should have incorporated an adverb : ( 17 ) alastair likes his beef tea great alternatively , it will be a property that is not compatible with the verb either ; but , in that case , there will be no way of guessing what that property should be applied to — it will in effect be semantically `` loose `` , so that the whole will be incomprehensible : ( 18 ) the process left the documents puzzled thus , the property of the adjective qualifies , in purely syntactic terms , the inner grouping of verb and object ; it is applied to the [being] of the noun phrase , but not directly , only as part of an interlocking structure with three elements — as in certain engineering and architectural structures , each of three elements needs the other two in order for the whole to function effectively .

4.3 Once again , our interpretation has consequences for grammaticality and linguistic form which match observable data : First , it implies , inter alia , that adjectives which can not be ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase — such as the associatives — will be unacceptable here , just as they are in postnominal attributive position , and this is indeed the case : ( 19 ) how did the Ministry send their expert ? they sent their expert well-briefed they sent their expert meteorological ( 20 ) how do you find the new flag ? we find the flag gaudy we find the flag national
4.3 once again , our interpretation has consequences for grammaticality and linguistic form which match observable data : first , it implies , inter alia , that adjectives which can not be ascribed to the [being] of the noun phrase — such as the associatives — will be unacceptable here , just as they are in postnominal attributive position , and this is indeed the case : ( 19 ) how did the ministry send their expert ? they sent their expert well-briefed they sent their expert meteorological ( 20 ) how do you find the new flag ? we find the flag gaudy we find the flag national

Second , we have already noted that the adjective is questioned with the word how ? , generally related to adverbial elements , rather than the which ? that is used for attributives , and this agrees well with the structure of ( 16 ) , where the adjective property qualifies a verbal structure , not a nominal one ( i.e. a structure centred on a property , not an entity ) .
second , we have already noted that the adjective is questioned with the word how ? , generally related to adverbial elements , rather than the which ? that is used for attributives , and this agrees well with the structure of ( 16 ) , where the adjective property qualifies a verbal structure , not a nominal one ( i.e. a structure centred on a property , not an [being] ) .

Consequently , when the question formula is used , the notion of a predicate is present , but there is no presupposition of an entity ; therefore there is no problem in retaining an adverbial property , but an adjectival property is left without any entity to apply to .
consequently , when the question formula is used , the notion of a predicate is present , but there is no presupposition of an [being] ; therefore there is no problem in retaining an adverbial property , but an adjectival property is left without any [being] to apply to .

Nonetheless there are certain consequences which we may notice : First , an obvious prediction from ( 47 ) is that , once again , adjectives which are not ascribed to the entity of the noun would be ungrammatical if put into this position .
nonetheless there are certain consequences which we may notice : first , an obvious prediction from ( 47 ) is that , once again , adjectives which are not ascribed to the [being] of the noun would be ungrammatical if put into this position .

We do not , either , expect a question for the combination of the initial property and the entity , and indeed there are no such forms of question .
we do not , either , expect a question for the combination of the initial property and the [being] , and indeed there are no such forms of question .

That aside , English follows its normal mode of realization — marking qualification by word order — and , as tends to be the case except in entity-identifiers , having the subordinate item follow the item qualified ; the only overt marking is the choice of an adjectival rather than adverbial form for the second property , to show that this is to apply to the entity of the noun phrase and not to the property of the verb .
that aside , english follows its normal mode of realization — marking qualification by word order — and , as tends to be the case except in entity-identifiers , having the subordinate item follow the item qualified ; the only overt marking is the choice of an adjectival rather than adverbial form for the second property , to show that this is to apply to the [being] of the noun phrase and not to the property of the verb .

( b ) the new system made the motors quieter the new system made the motors more quietly 5.4 Let us now return to the matter of the resultative nuance which can indeed be observed in all the examples we have given , reproducing the structural diagrams ( 21 ) and ( 22 ) to do so : ( 21 ) ( 22 ) If these diagrams represent the relations actually used in constructing such expressions , it follows that the entity of the noun phrase , as initially present to the mind of the speaker ( and to that of the listener in the final interpretative phase of comprehension ) lacks the property of the adjective since it is structurally separated from it ; however , since that property is expressed by an adjective , then ex hypothesi it will apply to the entity of the noun phrase when the construction is taken as a whole ; if not , then either the property would be expressed by an adverb , and apply to the verb , or the whole construction would be literally incoherent .
( b ) the new system made the motors quieter the new system made the motors more quietly 5.4 let us now return to the matter of the resultative nuance which can indeed be observed in all the examples we have given , reproducing the structural diagrams ( 21 ) and ( 22 ) to do so : ( 21 ) ( 22 ) if these diagrams represent the relations actually used in constructing such expressions , it follows that the [being] of the noun phrase , as initially present to the mind of the speaker ( and to that of the listener in the final interpretative phase of comprehension ) lacks the property of the adjective since it is structurally separated from it ; however , since that property is expressed by an adjective , then ex hypothesi it will apply to the [being] of the noun phrase when the construction is taken as a whole ; if not , then either the property would be expressed by an adverb , and apply to the verb , or the whole construction would be literally incoherent .

All that we are entitled to draw from structures ( 21 ) and ( 22 ) is a structural conclusion : the adjectival property must apply to the object entity by virtue of the fact that the noun phrase is an integral piece of the whole tripartite construction .
all that we are entitled to draw from structures ( 21 ) and ( 22 ) is a structural conclusion : the adjectival property must apply to the object [being] by virtue of the fact that the noun phrase is an integral piece of the whole tripartite construction .

5.5 This conclusion will actually exclude the great majority of verbs ( or , more exactly , all normal uses of the great majority of verbs ) from appearing in construction with an adverbal adjective at all , with or without the claimed nuance ; either they will be related to their object in such a way that there is simply no need to mention any particular property of the latter entity , as in ( 30 ) ; or , even if there is some property of the object specially relevant to the notion introduced in the verb , that property does not belong to the object by virtue of the relationship between the verb and the object ; for instance , even if Angela in ( 31 ) resembles her cousin in that they are both dark , her cousin does not have that property because Angela resembles her , and even if the Prince admired his Chief Justice because of his disposition to clemency it is not the the Prince 's admiration that justifies the applicability of the property merciful . Hence the ungrammaticality of the structures in ( 31 ) which purport to offer us adverbal adjectives : ( 30 ) the Dean met Mrs Smollett and her uncle a Persian Kite costs $4,000 ( 31 ) Angela resembles her cousin dark the Prince admired his Chief Justice merciful
5.5 this conclusion will actually exclude the great majority of verbs ( or , more exactly , all normal uses of the great majority of verbs ) from appearing in construction with an adverbal adjective at all , with or without the claimed nuance ; either they will be related to their object in such a way that there is simply no need to mention any particular property of the latter [being] , as in ( 30 ) ; or , even if there is some property of the object specially relevant to the notion introduced in the verb , that property does not belong to the object by virtue of the relationship between the verb and the object ; for instance , even if angela in ( 31 ) resembles her cousin in that they are both dark , her cousin does not have that property because angela resembles her , and even if the prince admired his chief justice because of his disposition to clemency it is not the the prince 's admiration that justifies the applicability of the property merciful . hence the ungrammaticality of the structures in ( 31 ) which purport to offer us adverbal adjectives : ( 30 ) the dean met mrs smollett and her uncle a persian kite costs $4,000 ( 31 ) angela resembles her cousin dark the prince admired his chief justice merciful

The main group of verbs which will both justify the singling out of some adjectival property of the entity behind the object phrase , and which , moreover , have a lexical value such that this adjectival property will be understood to apply to the object in some way especially relevant to the meaning of the verb are , as we have indicated , verbs which include the notion of a change of state .
the main group of verbs which will both justify the singling out of some adjectival property of the [being] behind the object phrase , and which , moreover , have a lexical value such that this adjectival property will be understood to apply to the object in some way especially relevant to the meaning of the verb are , as we have indicated , verbs which include the notion of a change of state .

Here , the fact that the adjective property is applicable to the object entity in a whole construction like ( 22 ) is intimately connected with the lexical meaning of the verb , and will thereby be understood to be applicable to the entity of the object even when that is considered in isolation .
here , the fact that the adjective property is applicable to the object [being] in a whole construction like ( 22 ) is intimately connected with the lexical meaning of the verb , and will thereby be understood to be applicable to the [being] of the object even when that is considered in isolation .

We shall take it that their surface structure is : ( 44 ) This may at first make them seem somewhat analogous to the predicate qualifiers , except that the noun phrase beyond the mediating verb is here the subject of the clause rather than the object as with the predicate qualifiers , and it is to the entity of this noun phrase that the property of the adjective applies .
we shall take it that their surface structure is : ( 44 ) this may at first make them seem somewhat analogous to the predicate qualifiers , except that the noun phrase beyond the mediating verb is here the subject of the clause rather than the object as with the predicate qualifiers , and it is to the [being] of this noun phrase that the property of the adjective applies .

The adjective must of course be one which can plausibly be ascribed to the entity of the subject if the whole is to be grammatically acceptable .
the adjective must of course be one which can plausibly be ascribed to the [being] of the subject if the whole is to be grammatically acceptable .

This depends on such considerations as whether the wider context includes an indication of negation or counterfactuality , and also on the lexical character of the verb with which the adjective is in immediate construction , since the property of the adjective is not applied to the entity in isolation but only as part of the property complex constituted by the adjective and the verb properties taken together .
this depends on such considerations as whether the wider context includes an indication of negation or counterfactuality , and also on the lexical character of the verb with which the adjective is in immediate construction , since the property of the adjective is not applied to the [being] in isolation but only as part of the property complex constituted by the adjective and the verb properties taken together .

Bolinger gives the following set of examples , which do genuinely appear to show qualification of the sense alone , that is , of the property which identifies the entity , rather than of the entity itself : ( 1 ) total stranger lawful heir distant cousin mere kid To these , we might add the cases in ( 2 ) ; notice that the last example would be self-contradictory if the adjective were interpreted as an ordinary attributive : ( 2 ) Brent is a strong Republican the document was a complete blank ( If faced with a claim that we can explain the peculiarity of these adjectives by simply stating that they are adverbial impostors , we may respond that , even supposing that , deep down , there may be something adverbial about them , nonetheless speakers have chosen to use an adjective rather than an adverb , and this adjectival use needs to be described and if possible explained .
bolinger gives the following set of examples , which do genuinely appear to show qualification of the sense alone , that is , of the property which identifies the [being] , rather than of the [being] itself : ( 1 ) total stranger lawful heir distant cousin mere kid to these , we might add the cases in ( 2 ) ; notice that the last example would be self-contradictory if the adjective were interpreted as an ordinary attributive : ( 2 ) brent is a strong republican the document was a complete blank ( if faced with a claim that we can explain the peculiarity of these adjectives by simply stating that they are adverbial impostors , we may respond that , even supposing that , deep down , there may be something adverbial about them , nonetheless speakers have chosen to use an adjective rather than an adverb , and this adjectival use needs to be described and if possible explained .

In each case , our intuition agrees with Bolinger that the adjective acts to qualify the description inherent in the noun , rather than the entity identified by the noun ; one may readily agree that there is a significant contrast between these and the following adjectives , in predicative position , which he gives as instances of referent-qualification ( in our terms , instances where the adjective is straight-forwardly assigned to the entity of the subject and shares the same referential locus ) : ( 3 ) the student was eager the man was hungry the lawyer was criminal ( One might , though , add the comment that criminal is seldom used ascriptively of human beings as opposed to their actions . )
in each case , our intuition agrees with bolinger that the adjective acts to qualify the description inherent in the noun , rather than the [being] identified by the noun ; one may readily agree that there is a significant contrast between these and the following adjectives , in predicative position , which he gives as instances of referent-qualification ( in our terms , instances where the adjective is straight-forwardly assigned to the [being] of the subject and shares the same referential locus ) : ( 3 ) the student was eager the man was hungry the lawyer was criminal ( one might , though , add the comment that criminal is seldom used ascriptively of human beings as opposed to their actions . )

Up until this point we have assumed that a referential locus is quite generally available for property words , not only adjectives in fact but also adverbs : ( 8 ) Philippa comforted her lovingly the referential locus of the adverb is that of the verb ; and the referential locus of the verb in turn is the entity of the subject phrase ; that is why a sentence like : ( 9 ) the drink comforted her lovingly is unacceptable , despite the fact that lovingly can co-occur with comfort , while comfort is compatible with drink .
up until this point we have assumed that a referential locus is quite generally available for property words , not only adjectives in fact but also adverbs : ( 8 ) philippa comforted her lovingly the referential locus of the adverb is that of the verb ; and the referential locus of the verb in turn is the [being] of the subject phrase ; that is why a sentence like : ( 9 ) the drink comforted her lovingly is unacceptable , despite the fact that lovingly can co-occur with comfort , while comfort is compatible with drink .

The examples of ( 10 ) have interesting implications , but we shall restrict ourselves here to those aspects which bear on adjectival grammar ; we take them as confirming evidence that we are justified in following Bolinger and recognizing that certain adjectives qualify another property , qua property , and are not to be assigned , independently , to any entity present in or assumed by the structure of the sentence in which they appear .
the examples of ( 10 ) have interesting implications , but we shall restrict ourselves here to those aspects which bear on adjectival grammar ; we take them as confirming evidence that we are justified in following bolinger and recognizing that certain adjectives qualify another property , qua property , and are not to be assigned , independently , to any [being] present in or assumed by the structure of the sentence in which they appear .

This is because , as we have already noted , the predicative construction has the specific purpose of marking that the property of the adjective is assigned to the entity identified by the subject noun phrase .
this is because , as we have already noted , the predicative construction has the specific purpose of marking that the property of the adjective is assigned to the [being] identified by the subject noun phrase .

But that entity is not , by definition , the properties of the word or words by which it is identified .
but that [being] is not , by definition , the properties of the word or words by which it is identified .

Therefore an adjective which has the effect of qualifying a property rather than an entity will not occur in ordinary predicative position ( nor in postnominal attributive position ) ; this prediction is confirmed by the unacceptability of sentences such as : ( 11 ) the sum of $ 300 she had to pay was total the lecturer who is to greet the Queen is mere a scoundrel complete must have taken my umbrella the cousins distant were put at a separate table If the adjectives in ( 12 ) are acceptable , reflexion shows at once that they are adjectives with more than one meaning , and the one which appears in predicative position is not that in which they are sense-qualifiers : ( 12 ) their village is distant and hard to reach burning his licence was wholly lawful the set complete is worth 1500 francs
therefore an adjective which has the effect of qualifying a property rather than an [being] will not occur in ordinary predicative position ( nor in postnominal attributive position ) ; this prediction is confirmed by the unacceptability of sentences such as : ( 11 ) the sum of $ 300 she had to pay was total the lecturer who is to greet the queen is mere a scoundrel complete must have taken my umbrella the cousins distant were put at a separate table if the adjectives in ( 12 ) are acceptable , reflexion shows at once that they are adjectives with more than one meaning , and the one which appears in predicative position is not that in which they are sense-qualifiers : ( 12 ) their village is distant and hard to reach burning his licence was wholly lawful the set complete is worth 1500 francs

To sum up , if examples such as those in ( 28 ) and that in ( 29 ) are all ungrammatical , as we can readily agree , it is for different reasons : ( 28 ) the sum of $ 300 she had to pay was total the lecturer who is to greet the Queen is mere ( 29 ) the man is very The adjectives in ( 28 ) lead to incoherence because , as already observed , they are specialized to qualify a property , and so they are incoherent in the predicative construction , which assigns the adjective property to the entity of the subject , not to its sense .
to sum up , if examples such as those in ( 28 ) and that in ( 29 ) are all ungrammatical , as we can readily agree , it is for different reasons : ( 28 ) the sum of $ 300 she had to pay was total the lecturer who is to greet the queen is mere ( 29 ) the man is very the adjectives in ( 28 ) lead to incoherence because , as already observed , they are specialized to qualify a property , and so they are incoherent in the predicative construction , which assigns the adjective property to the [being] of the subject , not to its sense .

The unacceptability of ( 29 ) , however , exists because the structure purports to assign very to the entity behind man , but the meaning of very demands assignment to the , and the notion of using predicative position to assign a property to a subordinate part of the subject phrase ( the definite article ) is altogether alien to English ( and probably to any other language ) .
the unacceptability of ( 29 ) , however , exists because the structure purports to assign very to the [being] behind man , but the meaning of very demands assignment to the , and the notion of using predicative position to assign a property to a subordinate part of the subject phrase ( the definite article ) is altogether alien to english ( and probably to any other language ) .

Other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( Chapter 7 and also Ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen These adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .
other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( chapter 7 and also ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen these adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular [being] to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .

The examples of ( 32 ) are simply associatives , as treated above in Chapter 2 : ( 32 ) a criminal lawyer subterranean explorer electrical worker 6.6 This leaves us with a small number of other phrases such as those in ( 33 ) , which turn out to be worth further investigation : ( 33 ) a true poet our late president a sheer fraud a real friend the future king my old school We certainly agree that there is an intuitively different " feel " to these , and a few others which can be found in the corps of English adjectives , and we would agree also that this has something to do with the distinction between referent ( or entity ) and sense ; however , we can not agree with Bolinger 's verdict that they are adjectives which qualify sense only .
the examples of ( 32 ) are simply associatives , as treated above in chapter 2 : ( 32 ) a criminal lawyer subterranean explorer electrical worker 6.6 this leaves us with a small number of other phrases such as those in ( 33 ) , which turn out to be worth further investigation : ( 33 ) a true poet our late president a sheer fraud a real friend the future king my old school we certainly agree that there is an intuitively different " feel " to these , and a few others which can be found in the corps of english adjectives , and we would agree also that this has something to do with the distinction between referent ( or [being] ) and sense ; however , we can not agree with bolinger 's verdict that they are adjectives which qualify sense only .

Second , where there is a reference to time , for instance the past reference of former in ( 36 ) , it does not apply to the putative referent of the noun phrase , who still lives ; nor does it apply to the intensional entity , which is still available to any speaker of the sentence ; rather it applies in some way to the status of the property inherent in the noun ( king , in this example ) .
second , where there is a reference to time , for instance the past reference of former in ( 36 ) , it does not apply to the putative referent of the noun phrase , who still lives ; nor does it apply to the intensional [being] , which is still available to any speaker of the sentence ; rather it applies in some way to the status of the property inherent in the noun ( king , in this example ) .

In ( 36 ) the adjective former does not qualify the properties , as such , implied by the use of the word king ; the sentence does not mention any entity that has characteristics formerly typical of kings — such as regarding oneself as the owner of one 's subjects , perhaps , or believing that one is of divine lineage .
in ( 36 ) the adjective former does not qualify the properties , as such , implied by the use of the word king ; the sentence does not mention any [being] that has characteristics formerly typical of kings — such as regarding oneself as the owner of one 's subjects , perhaps , or believing that one is of divine lineage .

Likewise , Charlie 's old school is not an entity that has the property of old-school-ness ; this is not a property of which English speakers would make frequent use , but it might be possible employ it in cases where something had the characteristic of `` being a school in an old way `` — perhaps with extensive use of wax tablet and stylus , and possibly a slave or two for the menial work .
likewise , charlie 's old school is not an [being] that has the property of old-school-ness ; this is not a property of which english speakers would make frequent use , but it might be possible employ it in cases where something had the characteristic of `` being a school in an old way `` — perhaps with extensive use of wax tablet and stylus , and possibly a slave or two for the menial work .

6.7 The thing which all the adjectives of the sort found in ( 33 ) have in common is that on the intensional level they qualify the relation between the entity identified by the noun phrase in which they appear and the description supported by the words making up the remainder of that phrase .
6.7 the thing which all the adjectives of the sort found in ( 33 ) have in common is that on the intensional level they qualify the relation between the [being] identified by the noun phrase in which they appear and the description supported by the words making up the remainder of that phrase .

6.8 The observations above on the behaviour of these adjectives may appear to suggest a surprising degree of linguistic sophistication on the part of ordinary language users ; it may , though , seem less surprising now that we have recognized in the earlier part of this chapter the sense-qualifiers , since these distinctively qualify the property of a noun without constituting a qualification of the corresponding entity .
6.8 the observations above on the behaviour of these adjectives may appear to suggest a surprising degree of linguistic sophistication on the part of ordinary language users ; it may , though , seem less surprising now that we have recognized in the earlier part of this chapter the sense-qualifiers , since these distinctively qualify the property of a noun without constituting a qualification of the corresponding [being] .

There are certain adjectives or quasi-adjectives which make it rather explicit that they are directed at the relation between the entity of the noun phrase and its description .
there are certain adjectives or quasi-adjectives which make it rather explicit that they are directed at the relation between the [being] of the noun phrase and its description .

This is a person who wants , exactly , a valid relation to exist between himself or herself and the description `` artist `` ; what is wanted is the relationship , not the existence of the entity , nor the existence of the properties implied by the word artist which obviously exist quite independently as elements of the language .
this is a person who wants , exactly , a valid relation to exist between himself or herself and the description `` artist `` ; what is wanted is the relationship , not the existence of the [being] , nor the existence of the properties implied by the word artist which obviously exist quite independently as elements of the language .

There is also the adjective so-called , which in a comparably explicit way calls into question the relation between an entity and the description or properties which might be supposed to belong to it : ( 42 ) it is the so-called liberals who have closed down the press The author of this sentence is not casting doubt on the existence of the people he is writing about , nor on the existence of such properties as may be characterized by the word liberals ( nor for that matter the existence of people who might be so described ) but only on the validity of the relationship between the description " liberals " and the people who are acting as censors in the situation portrayed by this particular sentence .
there is also the adjective so-called , which in a comparably explicit way calls into question the relation between an [being] and the description or properties which might be supposed to belong to it : ( 42 ) it is the so-called liberals who have closed down the press the author of this sentence is not casting doubt on the existence of the people he is writing about , nor on the existence of such properties as may be characterized by the word liberals ( nor for that matter the existence of people who might be so described ) but only on the validity of the relationship between the description " liberals " and the people who are acting as censors in the situation portrayed by this particular sentence .

7.3 If they touch on the point , discussions of restriction invariably proceed in a way which implies that the property of a restrictive adjective stands for a property which is to be ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase .
7.3 if they touch on the point , discussions of restriction invariably proceed in a way which implies that the property of a restrictive adjective stands for a property which is to be ascribed to the [being] of the noun phrase .

For instance ( using the familiar Venn diagrams ) it will be said that the underlined phrase of ( 11 ) ( which is , incidentally , a zoologically correct statement ) owes its restrictive quality to the fact that there is an intersection between circle a , standing for the class of piranhas , and circle b , standing for the class of vegetarian creatures , and this intersection represents the beings denoted by the subject of the sentence : ( 11 ) vegetarian piranhas can be found in the Amazon ( 12 ) However , such implications are incorrect ; it is by no means necessarily true that the property instantiated by a restrictive adjective is to be ascribed to the entity qualified .
for instance ( using the familiar venn diagrams ) it will be said that the underlined phrase of ( 11 ) ( which is , incidentally , a zoologically correct statement ) owes its restrictive quality to the fact that there is an intersection between circle a , standing for the class of piranhas , and circle b , standing for the class of vegetarian creatures , and this intersection represents the beings denoted by the subject of the sentence : ( 11 ) vegetarian piranhas can be found in the amazon ( 12 ) however , such implications are incorrect ; it is by no means necessarily true that the property instantiated by a restrictive adjective is to be ascribed to the [being] qualified .

For example , meteorological in the phrase meteorological expert can be , and will be , restrictive but , as we have shown in Chapter 2 , it is not to be ascribed to the entity of its head noun ; quite generally , there is not the least problem about using an associative adjective restrictively .
for example , meteorological in the phrase meteorological expert can be , and will be , restrictive but , as we have shown in chapter 2 , it is not to be ascribed to the [being] of its head noun ; quite generally , there is not the least problem about using an associative adjective restrictively .

It will be recalled that associatives are adjectives of which the properties are specifically not ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase in which they figure .
it will be recalled that associatives are adjectives of which the properties are specifically not ascribed to the [being] of the noun phrase in which they figure .

But non-restrictive adjectives , by definition , express properties which are perceived by speakers as present in the entity of the noun phrase which they have in mind ; it follows immediately that associative adjectives can not be non-restrictive .
but non-restrictive adjectives , by definition , express properties which are perceived by speakers as present in the [being] of the noun phrase which they have in mind ; it follows immediately that associative adjectives can not be non-restrictive .

It will further be recalled that the properties of sense-qualifiers and separatives are applied , respectively , to the property of the head noun , and to the relationship between that property and the entity of the noun phrase as a whole ; not to the entity of the noun phrase .
it will further be recalled that the properties of sense-qualifiers and separatives are applied , respectively , to the property of the head noun , and to the relationship between that property and the [being] of the noun phrase as a whole ; not to the [being] of the noun phrase .

Of course , it is quite possible to use in other positions an adjective that adds no fresh property to the entity to which it is applied , as in ( 14 ) ( ordinary predicative position ) and ( 15 ) ( predicate qualifier ) : ( 14 ) ( 15 ) However , failure to contribute a fresh property is not the essence of non-restriction .
of course , it is quite possible to use in other positions an adjective that adds no fresh property to the [being] to which it is applied , as in ( 14 ) ( ordinary predicative position ) and ( 15 ) ( predicate qualifier ) : ( 14 ) ( 15 ) however , failure to contribute a fresh property is not the essence of non-restriction .

What superlatives , comparatives and ordinals do is to pick some entity out of its extraction set by giving a property which identifies it relative to membership in that set .
what superlatives , comparatives and ordinals do is to pick some [being] out of its extraction set by giving a property which identifies it relative to membership in that set .

It is the same for all the inherently restrictive adjectives ; inevitably , an adjective which is always used as a way of selecting restrictively from a set of items present in the mind of the speaker is liable to be thought of as a means of identifying an entity .
it is the same for all the inherently restrictive adjectives ; inevitably , an adjective which is always used as a way of selecting restrictively from a set of items present in the mind of the speaker is liable to be thought of as a means of identifying an [being] .

However , it is a standard part of English grammar to require an article with entity-identifiers when the entity is considered countable ( and items selected from a set must be countable ) .
however , it is a standard part of english grammar to require an article with entity-identifiers when the [being] is considered countable ( and items selected from a set must be countable ) .

There are two very strong pieces of evidence confirming that the examples of inherently restrictive predicative adjectives accompanied by articles must indeed be regarded as entity-identifying expressions : First , they can quite generally appear where entity expressions appear , including positions which are not even superficially available to an ordinary adjective : ( 24 ) the rudest came from your cousin she gave motherly advice to a second , and a stern warning to a third the oldest of the aircraft should be scrapped ( 25 ) the honest deserves the appointment Bert offered a peanut to the untidy the elegant of the vases lay on its side
there are two very strong pieces of evidence confirming that the examples of inherently restrictive predicative adjectives accompanied by articles must indeed be regarded as entity-identifying expressions : first , they can quite generally appear where [being] expressions appear , including positions which are not even superficially available to an ordinary adjective : ( 24 ) the rudest came from your cousin she gave motherly advice to a second , and a stern warning to a third the oldest of the aircraft should be scrapped ( 25 ) the honest deserves the appointment bert offered a peanut to the untidy the elegant of the vases lay on its side

By the late twelfth century the Papal State as a separate entity had been long established as a notion even if its boundaries were in a continual state of flux .
by the late twelfth century the papal state as a separate [being] had been long established as a notion even if its boundaries were in a continual state of flux .

In the present study , the thesis has been treated as a quasi-formal entity , which possesses enough attributes of the formal to enable comparisons to be drawn with fully formal conventional publications , such as journal articles , but which also possesses some elements of informal , personal communication , in that it can be regarded as the fulfilment of a one-to-one contract between the researcher and the university .
in the present study , the thesis has been treated as a quasi-formal [being] , which possesses enough attributes of the formal to enable comparisons to be drawn with fully formal conventional publications , such as journal articles , but which also possesses some elements of informal , personal communication , in that it can be regarded as the fulfilment of a one-to-one contract between the researcher and the university .

Metaphorically speaking , the research front is a frozen moment in time ; a snapshot of the state of a growing , changing , organic entity at a precise instant , seen from a single viewpoint .
metaphorically speaking , the research front is a frozen moment in time ; a snapshot of the state of a growing , changing , organic [being] at a precise instant , seen from a single viewpoint .

They claimed that as she and her mother were one entity , there could be no duty of care owed by the mother to herself .
they claimed that as she and her mother were one [being] , there could be no duty of care owed by the mother to herself .

The Civic Democratic Party was reported as favouring a continued federal structure , while the Movement for a Democratic Slovakia argued for a confederation of two sovereign states each of which would be a separate legal entity in international law .
the civic democratic party was reported as favouring a continued federal structure , while the movement for a democratic slovakia argued for a confederation of two sovereign states each of which would be a separate legal [being] in international law .

The presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the Union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its external activities .
the presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the union as a political [being] on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its external activities .

( 4 ) The social union together with the monetary and economic union shall form one entity .
( 4 ) the social union together with the monetary and economic union shall form one [being] .

The statement praised the intifada and President Saddam Hussein of Iraq , and attacked what it described as `` American imperialism and its ally , the Zionist entity `` , `` the Damascus regime and the Arab Gulf regimes `` , and `` the Iranian regime `` .
the statement praised the intifada and president saddam hussein of iraq , and attacked what it described as `` american imperialism and its ally , the zionist [being] `` , `` the damascus regime and the arab gulf regimes `` , and `` the iranian regime `` .

Serbia and Montenegro proposed an amendment to permit not only republics but also `` nations `` to remain within Yugoslavia , a formula under which Serbs in Croatia could elect to join this entity .
serbia and montenegro proposed an amendment to permit not only republics but also `` nations `` to remain within yugoslavia , a formula under which serbs in croatia could elect to join this [being] .

The proposed new entity was designed to have autonomy within a federal South Africa .
the proposed new [being] was designed to have autonomy within a federal south africa .

Titmuss 's concept of society as an organic entity is , for market liberals , simply metaphysics : society is no more than the individuals and families who make it up .
titmuss 's concept of society as an organic [being] is , for market liberals , simply metaphysics : society is no more than the individuals and families who make it up .

Or he could rent out the property … So in the urban context we encounter two rental incomes generated from the same physical entity : the ground rent and the house or occupancy rent …
or he could rent out the property … so in the urban context we encounter two rental incomes generated from the same physical [being] : the ground rent and the house or occupancy rent …

Firstly , they bind a piece of writing together as a single entity , giving it a connectedness that makes it read as a whole rather than as a string of separate jottings .
firstly , they bind a piece of writing together as a single [being] , giving it a connectedness that makes it read as a whole rather than as a string of separate jottings .

The builder and the development company may be the same entity .
the builder and the development company may be the same [being] .

The coincidence between the two representations of person ( in passing , both are representations of the same extra-linguistic entity ) is what calls for the use of the bare infinitive .
the coincidence between the two representations of person ( in passing , both are representations of the same extra-linguistic [being] ) is what calls for the use of the bare infinitive .

What is more , the use of to with the infinitive seems to betoken , as with prepositional to , a relation involving a spatial entity : a preposition relates an element conceived as a spatial entity ( a substantive or pronoun ) to something else .
what is more , the use of to with the infinitive seems to betoken , as with prepositional to , a relation involving a spatial [being] : a preposition relates an element conceived as a spatial [being] ( a substantive or pronoun ) to something else .

In He drove from Toronto to New York , for example , the spatial entity New York is related to the process of driving as the term of the movement involved in this process .
in he drove from toronto to new york , for example , the spatial [being] new york is related to the process of driving as the term of the movement involved in this process .

Classics `` henceforth is an isolatable , delimitable entity and classical philology a discontinuous academic subject .
classics `` henceforth is an isolatable , delimitable [being] and classical philology a discontinuous academic subject .

It is clearly a new preoccupation with tragedy that explains the disproportion — tragedy and its origins : in the historically minded nineteenth century , no one with intellectual pretensions could think of an entity without also looking to its origins , however remote or obscure .
it is clearly a new preoccupation with tragedy that explains the disproportion — tragedy and its origins : in the historically minded nineteenth century , no one with intellectual pretensions could think of an [being] without also looking to its origins , however remote or obscure .

The two essays , accordingly , reveal Wagner 's influence on Nietzsche and equally his own debt to him — one unmistakable sign of this being a casual allusion in The Destiny of Opera to the Apolline-Dionysiac polarity as to a pre-existing conceptual entity .
the two essays , accordingly , reveal wagner 's influence on nietzsche and equally his own debt to him — one unmistakable sign of this being a casual allusion in the destiny of opera to the apolline-dionysiac polarity as to a pre-existing conceptual [being] .

It was Barratt who , as we shall see , was really the moving spirit and who kindled a new era of prosperity by resuscitating the old Paddy End and Coniston Deep Mines into an entity capable of comparison with any in the country .
it was barratt who , as we shall see , was really the moving spirit and who kindled a new era of prosperity by resuscitating the old paddy end and coniston deep mines into an [being] capable of comparison with any in the country .

After his success at Grassington Barratt was now presented with the task of shaping the Coniston Copper Mines into a viable entity .
after his success at grassington barratt was now presented with the task of shaping the coniston copper mines into a viable [being] .

Each layer is an entity unto itself although it interacts and provides services to other layers .
each layer is an [being] unto itself although it interacts and provides services to other layers .

Lymphocytic gastritis is a recently described entity characterised by a dense epithelial lymphocytic infiltration the pathogenesis of which is incompletely understood .
lymphocytic gastritis is a recently described [being] characterised by a dense epithelial lymphocytic infiltration the pathogenesis of which is incompletely understood .

These differences have led some investigators to consider cancer of the cardia as a separate entity .
these differences have led some investigators to consider cancer of the cardia as a separate [being] .

Dieulafoy 's disease is a well known entity characterised by a bleeding or clot bearing artery protruding into the intestinal lumen without surrounding ulceration .
dieulafoy 's disease is a well known [being] characterised by a bleeding or clot bearing artery protruding into the intestinal lumen without surrounding ulceration .

a heavenly entity
a heavenly [being]

While O'Neill and his supporters represented that visit as the Republic s de facto recognition that the North did exist as a separate entity and that doing necessary economic business with the North meant the Republic attenuating its claims to the territory of Ulster , the conservative Protestants saw it as an horrendous betrayal of the history and sacrifice of Ulster Protestants .
while o'neill and his supporters represented that visit as the republic s de facto recognition that the north did exist as a separate [being] and that doing necessary economic business with the north meant the republic attenuating its claims to the territory of ulster , the conservative protestants saw it as an horrendous betrayal of the history and sacrifice of ulster protestants .

Church and empire were fused in a single entity ; the empire was an image of the heavenly kingdom , its boundaries the limits of Christendom , the emperor the representative of divine authority in the world .
church and empire were fused in a single [being] ; the empire was an image of the heavenly kingdom , its boundaries the limits of christendom , the emperor the representative of divine authority in the world .

There is a difference between Ulster and the troubled political entity of Northern Ireland .
there is a difference between ulster and the troubled political [being] of northern ireland .

Occasionally people from more than one lineage on each side had made peace , and people spoke then of a peace between some higher order entity than a small lineage : Ujdaid and Talib , Awlad Amira and Mannaia .
occasionally people from more than one lineage on each side had made peace , and people spoke then of a peace between some higher order [being] than a small lineage : ujdaid and talib , awlad amira and mannaia .

And people strove to emulate their creation , while telling themselves they were striving for purity as possessed by the entity , or entities , that had created them .
and people strove to emulate their creation , while telling themselves they were striving for purity as possessed by the [being] , or entities , that had created them .

Now , it seemed , the gods had become one , emerging as a singular , doubly vital entity .
now , it seemed , the gods had become one , emerging as a singular , doubly vital [being] .

‘ Why could not an entity that had no extension be visible to us under the appearance of … extension ?
‘ why could not an [being] that had no extension be visible to us under the appearance of … extension ?

Until lately , Turkey 's worst fear was thought to be a vacuum in northern Iraq , leaving room for an autonomous Kurdish entity — which , in its turn , would be a beacon for the separatist movement on Turkish soil .
until lately , turkey 's worst fear was thought to be a vacuum in northern iraq , leaving room for an autonomous kurdish [being] — which , in its turn , would be a beacon for the separatist movement on turkish soil .

Some of their old fears of a Kurdish entity in Iraq faded when they were contemplating only a ‘ protected ’ enclave , taking in Kurdish towns and villages , and turning to Turkey for succour .
some of their old fears of a kurdish [being] in iraq faded when they were contemplating only a ‘ protected ’ enclave , taking in kurdish towns and villages , and turning to turkey for succour .

There is far more at stake here than people suppose : on this election could turn the future of Britain as an entity , the future of Britain in Europe and the future of Britain as a parliamentary democracy .
there is far more at stake here than people suppose : on this election could turn the future of britain as an [being] , the future of britain in europe and the future of britain as a parliamentary democracy .

The price of 600p , or a fraction under , will represent a successful conclusion to the plan by Chicago-based parent Waste Management Inc to launch its overseas arm Waste Management International as a separate entity with a listing in London .
the price of 600p , or a fraction under , will represent a successful conclusion to the plan by chicago-based parent waste management inc to launch its overseas arm waste management international as a separate [being] with a listing in london .

Trent sensed that he was being inspected in the same way that Louis had examined his hands ; as an abstract entity ; a tool , at most ; briefly useful , but , once used , to be discarded without further thought .
trent sensed that he was being inspected in the same way that louis had examined his hands ; as an abstract [being] ; a tool , at most ; briefly useful , but , once used , to be discarded without further thought .

Now , with the dawn breaking and his death so close , he found himself strangely sanguine — almost as if he were an abstract entity observing , from another place , the last chapter of his life .
now , with the dawn breaking and his death so close , he found himself strangely sanguine — almost as if he were an abstract [being] observing , from another place , the last chapter of his life .

Group activity and interest groups are the focus rather than the institution as an entity .
group activity and interest groups are the focus rather than the institution as an [being] .

Classical theories of management have tended to see leadership as a sub-set or function of ‘ management ’ as an entity .
classical theories of management have tended to see leadership as a sub-set or function of ‘ management ’ as an [being] .

Effective teams must have a specific and real function , be an integral part of the organisational structure and be proactively managed as a social entity .
effective teams must have a specific and real function , be an integral part of the organisational structure and be proactively managed as a social [being] .

It is odd — one of the anomalies of science — that it is possible to look at a single entity as if it were either one thing or another , apparently quite different thing .
it is odd — one of the anomalies of science — that it is possible to look at a single [being] as if it were either one thing or another , apparently quite different thing .

We begin with an exploded concept , for ‘ mind ’ no longer signifies the entity it once did .
we begin with an exploded concept , for ‘ mind ’ no longer signifies the [being] it once did .

In the Hindu folk tradition , rebirth of the spiritual entity in a hell or a heaven is likewise dependent upon its moral behaviour while in the bodily container .
in the hindu folk tradition , rebirth of the spiritual [being] in a hell or a heaven is likewise dependent upon its moral behaviour while in the bodily container .

There is no extra entity , for the term ‘ university ’ assembles collectively all those visible objects that are known by the term .
there is no extra [being] , for the term ‘ university ’ assembles collectively all those visible objects that are known by the term .

It seems that these authors see mind as an entity distinct from the processes that support it .
it seems that these authors see mind as an [being] distinct from the processes that support it .

Interest lies in the investigation of the activities called ‘ mental ’ which occur concurrently with the activities of an entity we term ‘ the body ’ .
interest lies in the investigation of the activities called ‘ mental ’ which occur concurrently with the activities of an [being] we term ‘ the body ’ .

The metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , Ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be distinguished from its attributes .
the metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple [being] , which can be distinguished from its attributes .

But his own position , which is that an entity can simply be defined in terms of ‘ the totality of its appearances ’ , is similarly questionable .
but his own position , which is that an [being] can simply be defined in terms of ‘ the totality of its appearances ’ , is similarly questionable .

Ayer claims that ‘ logical analysis ’ ( whatever that is ) shows that what makes these ‘ appearances ’ the ‘ appearances of ’ the same thing is not their relationship to an entity other than themselves , but their relationship to one another .
ayer claims that ‘ logical analysis ’ ( whatever that is ) shows that what makes these ‘ appearances ’ the ‘ appearances of ’ the same thing is not their relationship to an [being] other than themselves , but their relationship to one another .

It was 1837 that it became Ring & Brymer , an entity retained by Lord Forte when he took over the company in 1962 .
it was 1837 that it became ring & brymer , an [being] retained by lord forte when he took over the company in 1962 .

Manning 's seminal work offers another explanation , claiming that ‘ Anglo-American policing ’ is a discrete entity , socially constructed on the basis of shared symbols , myths , and folklore ( Manning 1977 ; on ‘ Anglo-Saxon policing ’ generally , see Bayley 1982 ; for criticism of the term see Brewer et al .
manning 's seminal work offers another explanation , claiming that ‘ anglo-american policing ’ is a discrete [being] , socially constructed on the basis of shared symbols , myths , and folklore ( manning 1977 ; on ‘ anglo-saxon policing ’ generally , see bayley 1982 ; for criticism of the term see brewer et al .

But this implies that the world is an entity other than God and God has given it freedom and thus the possibility of ‘ going wrong ’ , of producing evil , sin , pain and suffering , whatever explanation we may try to give of how such things have come about — at least they are only too obvious in the world we know .
but this implies that the world is an [being] other than god and god has given it freedom and thus the possibility of ‘ going wrong ’ , of producing evil , sin , pain and suffering , whatever explanation we may try to give of how such things have come about — at least they are only too obvious in the world we know .

For the reader , however , an art defined as national , made as cohesive and marketable as possible , may be less than convincing as an entity ; it may be that within a survey or an anthology there are just a limited number of interesting and attractive works .
for the reader , however , an art defined as national , made as cohesive and marketable as possible , may be less than convincing as an [being] ; it may be that within a survey or an anthology there are just a limited number of interesting and attractive works .

Indeed , until the ecumenical era of the 1960s , few catholics in Ireland were prepared to put before themselves some of the political religious issues which would have to be resolved if a united Ireland or accommodation to a separate political entity in Ulster were to become a possibility .
indeed , until the ecumenical era of the 1960s , few catholics in ireland were prepared to put before themselves some of the political religious issues which would have to be resolved if a united ireland or accommodation to a separate political [being] in ulster were to become a possibility .

Part of the overall argument of this book is that , as the Roman catholic church is principal validator or legitimator of the Southern state along with the concept of the national entity , what that state goes on to do in the field of social ethics can not be separated out from the responsibilities of the church .
part of the overall argument of this book is that , as the roman catholic church is principal validator or legitimator of the southern state along with the concept of the national [being] , what that state goes on to do in the field of social ethics can not be separated out from the responsibilities of the church .

It is most odd indeed how objects disappear in rooms wherein the only moveable entity is oneself .
it is most odd indeed how objects disappear in rooms wherein the only moveable [being] is oneself .

How in the world do you pigeon-hole such an entity ?
how in the world do you pigeon-hole such an [being] ?

The group is too wishy-washy an entity .
the group is too wishy-washy an [being] .

The essential quality that an entity needs , if it is to become an effective gene vehicle , is this .
the essential quality that an [being] needs , if it is to become an effective gene vehicle , is this .

Gardens are only apportioned individually where there is a clear self-contained entity , such as a walled garden or , say , a rose garden laid out formally in front of a wing .
gardens are only apportioned individually where there is a clear self-contained [being] , such as a walled garden or , say , a rose garden laid out formally in front of a wing .

The party 's September conference in Brighton ‘ was the point at which we said ‘ right , this is a political entity that 's going to continue ’ .
the party 's september conference in brighton ‘ was the point at which we said ‘ right , this is a political [being] that 's going to continue ’ .

Slaphappy and occasionally slapdash as the film sometimes seems at its more louche moments , as a dramatic entity its energy , irony and visual wit make one forgive almost all .
slaphappy and occasionally slapdash as the film sometimes seems at its more louche moments , as a dramatic [being] its energy , irony and visual wit make one forgive almost all .

Fourthly , what would be the military potential of such a new entity , its military doctrine , and the structure of its armed forces ? Will it be ready to accept demilitarisation , adopt a neutral status , and fundamentally restructure its economic and other relations with Eastern Europe ?
fourthly , what would be the military potential of such a new [being] , its military doctrine , and the structure of its armed forces ? will it be ready to accept demilitarisation , adopt a neutral status , and fundamentally restructure its economic and other relations with eastern europe ?

So the main thrust of all one 's efforts was to try and save the company as a corporate entity and secure the interests of the employees , the shareholders and the banks .
so the main thrust of all one 's efforts was to try and save the company as a corporate [being] and secure the interests of the employees , the shareholders and the banks .

Indeed , it is because there is no silent majority , no single entity which is being attacked by a hostile element , that this form is increasing .
indeed , it is because there is no silent majority , no single [being] which is being attacked by a hostile element , that this form is increasing .

Significantly the dream of an Imperial organic entity perished on the very battlefields of Flanders where the self-governing Dominions did apparently fight ‘ for their common interests ’ :
significantly the dream of an imperial organic [being] perished on the very battlefields of flanders where the self-governing dominions did apparently fight ‘ for their common interests ’ :

Expressed in other terms , ‘ the Commonwealth ’ is not a political entity , or indeed an entity at all except in make-believe .
expressed in other terms , ‘ the commonwealth ’ is not a political [being] , or indeed an [being] at all except in make-believe .

As neighbours of the enormously powerful and expansionist United States , the Canadians had a direct and abiding interest in maintaining for their part the fiction that they belonged to the same political entity of the rich and powerful United Kingdom .
as neighbours of the enormously powerful and expansionist united states , the canadians had a direct and abiding interest in maintaining for their part the fiction that they belonged to the same political [being] of the rich and powerful united kingdom .

In order to maintain the illusion that the Indian Union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained nevertheless part of the same political entity as the United Kingdom , the British in effect abolished their monarchy itself .
in order to maintain the illusion that the indian union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained nevertheless part of the same political [being] as the united kingdom , the british in effect abolished their monarchy itself .

The way the poem is ordered allows us momentarily to read it as if the juxtaposition was just that of eye and Canaletto , for the eye appears at first as an independent entity .
the way the poem is ordered allows us momentarily to read it as if the juxtaposition was just that of eye and canaletto , for the eye appears at first as an independent [being] .

Scruton seeks to build an explicitly conservative sexual ethic on the Hegelian proposition that ‘ the final end of every rational being is the building of the self — of a recognisable personal entity , which flourishes according to its own autonomous nature ’ ( p. 299 ) .
scruton seeks to build an explicitly conservative sexual ethic on the hegelian proposition that ‘ the final end of every rational being is the building of the self — of a recognisable personal [being] , which flourishes according to its own autonomous nature ’ ( p. 299 ) .

But in January 1990 Medirace secured its future in a spectacular way — it carried out a reverse takeover of the much larger Evans Medical to form a new entity called Medeva .
but in january 1990 medirace secured its future in a spectacular way — it carried out a reverse takeover of the much larger evans medical to form a new [being] called medeva .

Three models were found : a minimalist model based on limited contact between police officers and social workers through formal channels strictly according to the minimum demanded by procedural dictates ; a collaborative model involving close consultations on an informal as well as formal basis , about progress and proposed courses of action ; and an integrated model involving joint simultaneous investigation as a single operational entity .
three models were found : a minimalist model based on limited contact between police officers and social workers through formal channels strictly according to the minimum demanded by procedural dictates ; a collaborative model involving close consultations on an informal as well as formal basis , about progress and proposed courses of action ; and an integrated model involving joint simultaneous investigation as a single operational [being] .

The great Frankish leader who unified the confederacy into a powerful entity was Clovis , first of the Merovingian kings .
the great frankish leader who unified the confederacy into a powerful [being] was clovis , first of the merovingian kings .

The Merovingian dynasty began as a vigorous force that firmly developed the Franks into a national entity , and made many conquests that extended Frankish territory .
the merovingian dynasty began as a vigorous force that firmly developed the franks into a national [being] , and made many conquests that extended frankish territory .

For the life on earth of each individual was not a finite entity , complete in itself , but a transition to another mode of existence ; the gateway to that unknown land was death — Mors Janna Vitae , as the memorial tablets had it .
for the life on earth of each individual was not a finite [being] , complete in itself , but a transition to another mode of existence ; the gateway to that unknown land was death — mors janna vitae , as the memorial tablets had it .

the ‘ biological ’ family concerned with reproducing and socializing new members of society — was seen as separate from the public entity — i.e .
the ‘ biological ’ family concerned with reproducing and socializing new members of society — was seen as separate from the public [being] — i.e .

The distinction crystallized in the eighteenth century , at a time when Nature became a category worthy of study , a distinct entity in the projects of the Enlightenment .
the distinction crystallized in the eighteenth century , at a time when nature became a category worthy of study , a distinct [being] in the projects of the enlightenment .

For we still believe that our femaleness is a biological entity ; but it is this biology that a century ago wished to remove our clitoris and that continues now to impose upon us a desire that only functions in passive reaction to the actions of men , and that is as a result based in narcissism and masochism .
for we still believe that our femaleness is a biological [being] ; but it is this biology that a century ago wished to remove our clitoris and that continues now to impose upon us a desire that only functions in passive reaction to the actions of men , and that is as a result based in narcissism and masochism .

Their first act was to disarm all armed elements in the area , both Egyptians and those belonging to the Mufti 's irregular forces , for Abdallah 's chief aim was to remove Egyptian forces from Palestine , and prevent any Palestinian entity emerging .
their first act was to disarm all armed elements in the area , both egyptians and those belonging to the mufti 's irregular forces , for abdallah 's chief aim was to remove egyptian forces from palestine , and prevent any palestinian [being] emerging .

They could always have maintained of course that , whatever the poet 's intentions , the poem as an achieved entity answered to their interpretations .
they could always have maintained of course that , whatever the poet 's intentions , the poem as an achieved [being] answered to their interpretations .

B'nai B'rith Women , legally incorporated as a separate entity in 1962 , also faces legal action challenging its right to use the B'nai B'rith name .
b'nai b'rith women , legally incorporated as a separate [being] in 1962 , also faces legal action challenging its right to use the b'nai b'rith name .

B'nai B'rith Women , legally incorporated as a separate entity in 1962 , also faces legal action challenging its right to use the B'nai B'rith name .
b'nai b'rith women , legally incorporated as a separate [being] in 1962 , also faces legal action challenging its right to use the b'nai b'rith name .

One way of tackling the reluctance to read might be the introduction of a hitherto unknown entity in France — the campus bookshop .
one way of tackling the reluctance to read might be the introduction of a hitherto unknown [being] in france — the campus bookshop .

Successive governments continue to describe the disabled and handicapped as if they constitute an entity .
successive governments continue to describe the disabled and handicapped as if they constitute an [being] .

He did acquire Savoy and Nice , but he lost control of events in the peninsula , so that the Italian Kingdom which emerged in 1861 was far from being the entity he had originally envisaged .
he did acquire savoy and nice , but he lost control of events in the peninsula , so that the italian kingdom which emerged in 1861 was far from being the [being] he had originally envisaged .

At this time of day London seemed serene : an entity detached from the fates of the scurrying thousands who would soon pour on to its streets .
at this time of day london seemed serene : an [being] detached from the fates of the scurrying thousands who would soon pour on to its streets .

‘ When the entity of the mandate ended , ’ he said , ‘ two other states — Jewish and Arab — were to have come into existence but the Arab state did not .
‘ when the [being] of the mandate ended , ’ he said , ‘ two other states — jewish and arab — were to have come into existence but the arab state did not .

The ‘ State of the Greater Lebanon ’ proclaimed by the French General Gouraud on 31 August 1920 was thus a totally artificial , French-created entity .
the ‘ state of the greater lebanon ’ proclaimed by the french general gouraud on 31 august 1920 was thus a totally artificial , french-created [being] .

None of this included identification with a national entity ; indeed , ‘ a French knight , like a French priest , had more in common with a knight or a priest from Italy or Germany than with a French peasant ’ .
none of this included identification with a national [being] ; indeed , ‘ a french knight , like a french priest , had more in common with a knight or a priest from italy or germany than with a french peasant ’ .

Stalin sought to lay down criteria for the identification of a ‘ nation ’ ( the entity which possessed the right of national self-determination ) as a means , a moral theory , to separate authentic and spurious claims .
stalin sought to lay down criteria for the identification of a ‘ nation ’ ( the [being] which possessed the right of national self-determination ) as a means , a moral theory , to separate authentic and spurious claims .

Medieval North European civilization was to some extent an insular entity , shielded from its own past and from an encroaching future .
medieval north european civilization was to some extent an insular [being] , shielded from its own past and from an encroaching future .

As Radin stressed in his discussion of the thought of primitive man , ‘ as soon as an object is regarded as a dynamic entity , then analysis and definition become both difficult and unsatisfactory .
as radin stressed in his discussion of the thought of primitive man , ‘ as soon as an object is regarded as a dynamic [being] , then analysis and definition become both difficult and unsatisfactory .

The important thing is to approach each interview as a totally separate entity .
the important thing is to approach each interview as a totally separate [being] .

Poland had not been a particularly Polish entity before partition .
poland had not been a particularly polish [being] before partition .

But population data are regarded as primary data because the Registrar-General 's department , as a single entity , collects and analyses the information .
but population data are regarded as primary data because the registrar-general 's department , as a single [being] , collects and analyses the information .

We teach people to look after themselves and how to heal … we 've got to keep hidden because of the persecution we get through certain people who go on propagating this evil entity of Satan .
we teach people to look after themselves and how to heal … we 've got to keep hidden because of the persecution we get through certain people who go on propagating this evil [being] of satan .

These arose mainly from its reliance on a rigid theoretical framework which views the urban system as an autonomous political entity — one characterized by its position as the site of collective consumption practices .
these arose mainly from its reliance on a rigid theoretical framework which views the urban system as an autonomous political [being] — one characterized by its position as the site of collective consumption practices .

joint venture must perform on a lasting basis all the functions of an autonomous economic entity ;
joint venture must perform on a lasting basis all the functions of an autonomous economic [being] ;

The Commission concluded that the new entity could act independently of its competitors and customers and would thus have a dominant position on the commuter markets .
the commission concluded that the new [being] could act independently of its competitors and customers and would thus have a dominant position on the commuter markets .

They moved warily , scuttling forward , overlapping each other , black wraith-like phantoms moving as a single entity , its rhythm known to them as ‘ house-laundering ’ — engaging the enemy at close quarters .
they moved warily , scuttling forward , overlapping each other , black wraith-like phantoms moving as a single [being] , its rhythm known to them as ‘ house-laundering ’ — engaging the enemy at close quarters .

Whether the Centre Mondial succeeds or fails as an exclusively French institution , or is reborn as an international entity , the ideas and purposes underlying its foundation will survive .
whether the centre mondial succeeds or fails as an exclusively french institution , or is reborn as an international [being] , the ideas and purposes underlying its foundation will survive .

This gives each school situation a life and an entity of its own .
this gives each school situation a life and an [being] of its own .

The number of boundaries of competence that exist for any given social entity may vary : the members of an isolated New Guinea society , all of whom perform virtually identical tasks according to age and sex , will have fewer than the members of a more complex society with a greater division of labour .
the number of boundaries of competence that exist for any given social [being] may vary : the members of an isolated new guinea society , all of whom perform virtually identical tasks according to age and sex , will have fewer than the members of a more complex society with a greater division of labour .

It seems that there has been no period of time during which man has endeavoured to conduct and control his affairs without providing for himself a worshipable entity or being to whom he can appeal , and to whom he has attributed powers of control over all that happens in the universe , particularly on earth .
it seems that there has been no period of time during which man has endeavoured to conduct and control his affairs without providing for himself a worshipable [being] or being to whom he can appeal , and to whom he has attributed powers of control over all that happens in the universe , particularly on earth .

Moreover , that focal point could be established as a definition of ‘ god ’ sufficiently broad for it to be accepted as the believed-in entity covering all the diverse forms of the totems credited with the power to heal .
moreover , that focal point could be established as a definition of ‘ god ’ sufficiently broad for it to be accepted as the believed-in [being] covering all the diverse forms of the totems credited with the power to heal .

So far there has emerged , not a single entity .
so far there has emerged , not a single [being] .

Thus it is that the extraction of the origin of the first fragment of ‘ goodness ’ and the indelibly labelling of it as such , led to the creation of an entity with a presumed existence and endowed by mankind with the power to hold inviolate the human decisions on ‘ goodness ’ — which will continue to be taken for as long as life continues .
thus it is that the extraction of the origin of the first fragment of ‘ goodness ’ and the indelibly labelling of it as such , led to the creation of an [being] with a presumed existence and endowed by mankind with the power to hold inviolate the human decisions on ‘ goodness ’ — which will continue to be taken for as long as life continues .

All that has gone before in this book has been based on the premise that a worshipable ‘ god ’ is not the creator of the universe , but is an entity extracted by human intelligence from the evolutionary story .
all that has gone before in this book has been based on the premise that a worshipable ‘ god ’ is not the creator of the universe , but is an [being] extracted by human intelligence from the evolutionary story .

It is in fact a belief that , because there is a logical basis for it , the imagined entity becomes real in the sense that it can be of value in dealing with the joys and sorrows of life .
it is in fact a belief that , because there is a logical basis for it , the imagined [being] becomes real in the sense that it can be of value in dealing with the joys and sorrows of life .

The foregoing chapter has described the manner in which the Created God can be given a place in the minds of human beings as a feasible entity capable of a spiritual kind of existence .
the foregoing chapter has described the manner in which the created god can be given a place in the minds of human beings as a feasible [being] capable of a spiritual kind of existence .

They may however be major as , for example , between a department within a large corporate entity and a small ‘ hot shop ’ practice specialising in one type of large building contract .
they may however be major as , for example , between a department within a large corporate [being] and a small ‘ hot shop ’ practice specialising in one type of large building contract .

The possibility of attracting outside investment only really exists for a corporate entity and this is likely to be a further reason for surveyors ' considering various comparisons between the partnership and corporate structure for the running of their businesses .
the possibility of attracting outside investment only really exists for a corporate [being] and this is likely to be a further reason for surveyors ' considering various comparisons between the partnership and corporate structure for the running of their businesses .

The fundamental assumption made by company law is that the functions and powers of the company , as an artificial legal entity , are exercised by two organs : the board of directors and the general meeting of shareholders .
the fundamental assumption made by company law is that the functions and powers of the company , as an artificial legal [being] , are exercised by two organs : the board of directors and the general meeting of shareholders .

But what is the process of collapse ? What is the mechanism that brings capitalism crashing down ? Obviously , war is seen as an engine of destruction , not merely in the physical sense , but also in the sense of the destruction of all those social bonds that constitute the equilibrium of capitalism as a social entity .
but what is the process of collapse ? what is the mechanism that brings capitalism crashing down ? obviously , war is seen as an engine of destruction , not merely in the physical sense , but also in the sense of the destruction of all those social bonds that constitute the equilibrium of capitalism as a social [being] .

Descartes , who had a vigorously mechanical view about most things , believing the soul to be some largely discarnate entity entirely disassociated from the processes of living , saw animals through that same mind-filter .
descartes , who had a vigorously mechanical view about most things , believing the soul to be some largely discarnate [being] entirely disassociated from the processes of living , saw animals through that same mind-filter .

The metastable biolayer — in some cases , a highly vulnerable entity — and an underlying transducer element that is subject to the inevitable signal drift of any physicochemical detector .
the metastable biolayer — in some cases , a highly vulnerable [being] — and an underlying transducer element that is subject to the inevitable signal drift of any physicochemical detector .

‘ The central principle which guides our work is that the skills needed to find and use information must be introduced and reinforced across the curriculum , within the normal day-to-day practice of subject teaching , ie teaching information handling should become integral to the act of teaching itself , and not an isolated entity demanding separate curriculum space .
‘ the central principle which guides our work is that the skills needed to find and use information must be introduced and reinforced across the curriculum , within the normal day-to-day practice of subject teaching , ie teaching information handling should become integral to the act of teaching itself , and not an isolated [being] demanding separate curriculum space .

It is a joint venture with a separate legal entity owned by a group of bank shareholders .
it is a joint venture with a separate legal [being] owned by a group of bank shareholders .

Finally , the divisions are grouped into the total corporate entity .
finally , the divisions are grouped into the total corporate [being] .

They were encouraged in this delusion by publicity for films like ‘ The Amityville Horror ’ and ‘ The Entity ’ which claims that these were based on true stories .
they were encouraged in this delusion by publicity for films like ‘ the amityville horror ’ and ‘ the [being] ’ which claims that these were based on true stories .

What we discover within this secret part of ourselves is an inner being , a soul , an inner mind , and inner life , an inner subtle-physical entity which is much larger in its potentialities , more plastic , more powerful , more capable of a manifold knowledge and dynamism than our surface mind , life or body ; especially , it is capable of a direct communication with the universal forces , movements , objects of the cosmos , a direct feeling and opening to them , a direct action of them and even a widening of itself beyond the limit of the personal mind , the personal life , the body , so that it feels itself more and more a universal being no longer limited by the existing walls of out too narrow mental , vital , physical existence .
what we discover within this secret part of ourselves is an inner being , a soul , an inner mind , and inner life , an inner subtle-physical [being] which is much larger in its potentialities , more plastic , more powerful , more capable of a manifold knowledge and dynamism than our surface mind , life or body ; especially , it is capable of a direct communication with the universal forces , movements , objects of the cosmos , a direct feeling and opening to them , a direct action of them and even a widening of itself beyond the limit of the personal mind , the personal life , the body , so that it feels itself more and more a universal being no longer limited by the existing walls of out too narrow mental , vital , physical existence .

In antebellum America as in the European Union today , citizenship in the larger entity requires that you first pass the local hurdles set for local citizenship .
in antebellum america as in the european union today , citizenship in the larger [being] requires that you first pass the local hurdles set for local citizenship .

In order for a state to have duties toward its own citizens , the citizens must be considered as members of some entity higher than the state to be held accountable .
in order for a state to have duties toward its own citizens , the citizens must be considered as members of some [being] higher than the state to be held accountable .

It is an organic entity , a source of authority .
it is an organic [being] , a source of authority .

The reference to “ this nation under God ” reinforces the conception of the nation as an organic entity , a single subject that could , like the Jews , enter into a covenant with a God .
the reference to “ this nation under god ” reinforces the conception of the nation as an organic [being] , a single subject that could , like the jews , enter into a covenant with a god .

Your typical bat or butterfly has managed to get itself evolved and seems a rather impressive entity .
your typical bat or butterfly has managed to get itself evolved and seems a rather impressive [being] .

These facts have suggested to Lynn Margulis the now rather well-accepted hypothesis that eukaryotic cells are symbionts of two or more earlier separate autonomous agents that contributed the mitochondria , the plastids , and perhaps the nuclear structure of eukaryotes into a single novel reproducing entity , the eukaryotic cell .
these facts have suggested to lynn margulis the now rather well-accepted hypothesis that eukaryotic cells are symbionts of two or more earlier separate autonomous agents that contributed the mitochondria , the plastids , and perhaps the nuclear structure of eukaryotes into a single novel reproducing [being] , the eukaryotic cell .

The answer is either yes or no and is an objective fact about the entity in question .
the answer is either yes or no and is an objective fact about the [being] in question .

Thus , string theory can dream of uniting quantum mechanics and general relativity , and it has , in fact , produced the entity carrying the gravitational force , the graviton , in a natural way .
thus , string theory can dream of uniting quantum mechanics and general relativity , and it has , in fact , produced the [being] carrying the gravitational force , the graviton , in a natural way .

The Galleria provides a sheltered , much trafficked pedestrian passage from the Duomo to another holy entity , the revered 18th-century La Scala theater , high temple of opera .
the galleria provides a sheltered , much trafficked pedestrian passage from the duomo to another holy [being] , the revered 18th-century la scala theater , high temple of opera .

After two months as an independent entity , the state entered the new Confederacy , but because of its strategic significance , New Orleans became a high-priority target for the northern military forces .
after two months as an independent [being] , the state entered the new confederacy , but because of its strategic significance , new orleans became a high-priority target for the northern military forces .

The Algarve was a region regarded separately within the new Portugal , as is evidenced by the royal title “ Kingdom of Portugal and the Algarve. ” In those days , the notion of the Algarve as a distinct entity did make some sense : like an island , it was cut off to the south and west by the Atlantic , to the east by the Guadiana River , and to the north by the mountains .
the algarve was a region regarded separately within the new portugal , as is evidenced by the royal title “ kingdom of portugal and the algarve. ” in those days , the notion of the algarve as a distinct [being] did make some sense : like an island , it was cut off to the south and west by the atlantic , to the east by the guadiana river , and to the north by the mountains .

Of that , about $ 6.4 million has in the past come from the Legal Services Corp. , the entity that disburses federal money for legal aid .
of that , about $ 6.4 million has in the past come from the legal services corp. , the [being] that disburses federal money for legal aid .

John N. Erlenborn , president of the Legal Services Corp. , the entity that doles out federal money for legal aid , will announce at the conference that Illinois will suffer `` seven-figure funding cuts '' next year because of newly released census figures .
john n. erlenborn , president of the legal services corp. , the [being] that doles out federal money for legal aid , will announce at the conference that illinois will suffer `` seven-figure funding cuts '' next year because of newly released census figures .

Terrorist Attack Upstages Legal Services Initiative , Provides Greater Urgency For It By Thomas Adcock One morning last year , David Bookstaver arrived at work in lower Manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the New York State Unified Court System - establishment of the `` Access to Justice Center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .
terrorist attack upstages legal services initiative , provides greater urgency for it by thomas adcock one morning last year , david bookstaver arrived at work in lower manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the new york state unified court system - establishment of the `` access to justice center , '' the first court-sponsored [being] in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .

On the policy side , Atlas and Thorne contend that the combined Hudson-Bergen entity would not be able to take over the community and economic development-type services Passaic Legal Aid has been providing along with the core litigation services traditionally offered by legal aid providers .
on the policy side , atlas and thorne contend that the combined hudson-bergen [being] would not be able to take over the community and economic development-type services passaic legal aid has been providing along with the core litigation services traditionally offered by legal aid providers .

`` the new entity does not want to have any responsibility for administering a grant . ''
`` the new [being] does not want to have any responsibility for administering a grant . ''

The change in corporate structure , he explained , `` eviscerates local control by placing power in a distant entity - LSNY - with little need to be accountable to the Bronx community . ''
the change in corporate structure , he explained , `` eviscerates local control by placing power in a distant [being] - lsny - with little need to be accountable to the bronx community . ''

Agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the Congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the entity was created .
agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the [being] was created .

While HCFA states that it has examined the options for lessening the burden on small entities , since the statute does not allow for any exceptions to the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation based on the size of the entity , no regulatory relief can be provided for small entities .
while hcfa states that it has examined the options for lessening the burden on small entities , since the statute does not allow for any exceptions to the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation based on the size of the [being] , no regulatory relief can be provided for small entities .

Among other things , GAO serves as the independent auditor of the largest , most diverse and most important entity on the face of the earth - the U.S. Government .
among other things , gao serves as the independent auditor of the largest , most diverse and most important [being] on the face of the earth - the u.s. government .

A solid foundation of control and accountability requires a system of checks and balances that provides reasonable assurance that the entity 's transactions are appropriately recorded and reported , its assets protected , its established policies followed , and its resources used economically and efficiently for the purposes intended .
a solid foundation of control and accountability requires a system of checks and balances that provides reasonable assurance that the [being] 's transactions are appropriately recorded and reported , its assets protected , its established policies followed , and its resources used economically and efficiently for the purposes intended .

However , senior executives at leading organizations recognize that the financial information demanded by decisionmakers to measure and manage performance requires greater precision and more timely access than that required to receive an unqualified opinion on the entity 's financial statements .
however , senior executives at leading organizations recognize that the financial information demanded by decisionmakers to measure and manage performance requires greater precision and more timely access than that required to receive an unqualified opinion on the [being] 's financial statements .

The chief executive officers ( CEO ) of leading organizations understand the important role the CFO and the finance organization play in improving the entity 's overall business performance .
the chief executive officers ( ceo ) of leading organizations understand the important role the cfo and the finance organization play in improving the [being] 's overall business performance .

Key characteristics Organize Finance to Add Value • The finance organization 's mission supports the entity 's business objectives .
key characteristics organize finance to add value • the finance organization 's mission supports the [being] 's business objectives .

However , the way these functions were organized varied depending on individual entity needs .
however , the way these functions were organized varied depending on individual [being] needs .

To accomplish this , leading finance organizations have realigned their mission and organizational structure to better support the entity 's business objectives .
to accomplish this , leading finance organizations have realigned their mission and organizational structure to better support the [being] 's business objectives .

Internal controls are not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an entity 's operations and on an ongoing basis .
internal controls are not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an [being] 's operations and on an ongoing basis .

In performing a risk assessment , management should consider all significant interactions between the entity and other parties , as well as all internal factors at both the organizationwide and program levels .
in performing a risk assessment , management should consider all significant interactions between the [being] and other parties , as well as all internal factors at both the organizationwide and program levels .

The kinds of activities pursued were dictated by the types of payment activities each entity had identified as presenting the most significant risk of improper payments as well as the kind of data and other resources that were available to the entity in this effort .
the kinds of activities pursued were dictated by the types of payment activities each [being] had identified as presenting the most significant risk of improper payments as well as the kind of data and other resources that were available to the [being] in this effort .

In addition , Parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a Public Service Monitoring Body ( the State Services Commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .
in addition , parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a public service monitoring body ( the state services commission ) , to hold the [being] 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .

Monitoring the activities used by an organization to address improper payments should be performed continually and should be ingrained in the entity 's operations .
monitoring the activities used by an organization to address improper payments should be performed continually and should be ingrained in the [being] 's operations .

Once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive Internet searches of their Web sites and reviewed entity and GAO audit reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .
once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive internet searches of their web sites and reviewed [being] and gao audit reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .

Entity Descriptions This appendix provides descriptions of the foreign governments ' agencies and U.S. federal agencies , state governments , and private sector organizations that participated in this study .
[being] descriptions this appendix provides descriptions of the foreign governments ' agencies and u.s. federal agencies , state governments , and private sector organizations that participated in this study .

The Australian National Audit Office ( ANAO ) is a specialist public sector entity providing a full range of audit services to Parliament and Commonwealth public sector agencies and statutory bodies .
the australian national audit office ( anao ) is a specialist public sector [being] providing a full range of audit services to parliament and commonwealth public sector agencies and statutory bodies .

It lists the priority sequence of sources that an entity should look to for accounting and reporting guidance .
it lists the priority sequence of sources that an [being] should look to for accounting and reporting guidance .

The collecting entity receives the cash and then transfers it to the General Fund , trust fund , or special fund on whose behalf it was collected .
the collecting [being] receives the cash and then transfers it to the general fund , trust fund , or special fund on whose behalf it was collected .

The amount so collected should be accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
the amount so collected should be accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting [being] .

The tax is recognized as a nonexchange revenue by the entity that is legally entitled to the amount .
the tax is recognized as a nonexchange revenue by the [being] that is legally entitled to the amount .

They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment , and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange .
they are levied through the power of the government to compel payment , and the person or [being] that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the government in exchange .

Under Federal accounting concepts , it is not considered to be part of the Government-wide reporting entity .
under federal accounting concepts , it is not considered to be part of the government-wide reporting [being] .

Donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed. -- Donations are contributions to the Government , i.e. , voluntary gifts of resources to a Government entity by a non-Federal entity.43 The Government does not give anything of value to the donor , and the donor receives only personal satisfaction .
donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed. -- donations are contributions to the government , i.e. , voluntary gifts of resources to a government [being] by a non-federal entity.43 the government does not give anything of value to the donor , and the donor receives only personal satisfaction .

The person or other entity that pays a fine or penalty does not receive anything of value in exchange , nor does the Government sacrifice anything of value .
the person or other [being] that pays a fine or penalty does not receive anything of value in exchange , nor does the government sacrifice anything of value .

Fines from judicial proceedings are collected by the entity acting as an agent for the Government as a whole rather than on its own behalf .
fines from judicial proceedings are collected by the [being] acting as an agent for the government as a whole rather than on its own behalf .

They are therefore accounted for as a custodial activity of the collecting entity and recognized as a nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .
they are therefore accounted for as a custodial activity of the collecting [being] and recognized as a nonexchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements .

Fines and penalties produced by an entity 's operations -- such as inspections to ensure compliance with Federal law and with regulations that are the responsibility of the entity ( e.g. , inspections by the Office of Surface Mining ) or compliance with regulations for the conduct of a Federal program -- are recognized as nonexchange revenue by whichever entity is legally entitled by law to the revenue .
fines and penalties produced by an [being] 's operations -- such as inspections to ensure compliance with federal law and with regulations that are the responsibility of the [being] ( e.g. , inspections by the office of surface mining ) or compliance with regulations for the conduct of a federal program -- are recognized as nonexchange revenue by whichever [being] is legally entitled by law to the revenue .

In some cases , but not all , this would be the collecting entity .
in some cases , but not all , this would be the collecting [being] .

If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
if the collecting [being] transfers the nonexchange revenue to the general fund or another [being] , the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting [being] .

If transferred to the General Fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another [being] , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the [being] that receives the transfer .

Penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity. -- The person or other private entity that pays a penalty on delinquent taxes does not receive anything in exchange , nor does the Government sacrifice anything of value .
penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity. -- the person or other private [being] that pays a penalty on delinquent taxes does not receive anything in exchange , nor does the government sacrifice anything of value .

If transferred to the General Fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another entity , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements ; if transferred to another [being] , they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the [being] that receives the transfer .

The Government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the entity that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .
the government does not sacrifice anything of value in exchange and the [being] that forfeits the property does not receive anything of value .

Revenue or the property itself may ultimately be distributed to the seizing entity , state or local law enforcement agencies , foreign governments , or the general fund .
revenue or the property itself may ultimately be distributed to the seizing [being] , state or local law enforcement agencies , foreign governments , or the general fund .

Revenue is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that is legally entitled to use the revenue or to use the property itself .
revenue is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the [being] that is legally entitled to use the revenue or to use the property itself .

If the property is distributed to a state or local law enforcement agency or a foreign government , revenue is not recognized by a Federal Government reporting entity .
if the property is distributed to a state or local law enforcement agency or a foreign government , revenue is not recognized by a federal government reporting [being] .

The disposition of property to an entity outside the Federal Government is also accounted for .
the disposition of property to an [being] outside the federal government is also accounted for .

The sale is therefore an exchange transaction , and the revenue is exchange revenue for the entity making the sale .
the sale is therefore an exchange transaction , and the revenue is exchange revenue for the [being] making the sale .

The sale is therefore an exchange transactions , and the revenue is exchange revenue of the entity making the sale .
the sale is therefore an exchange transactions , and the revenue is exchange revenue of the [being] making the sale .

Interest is classified as exchange revenue notwithstanding the fact that the entity may not be charged a cost of capital for the assets that yield these inflows ; or , if the entity borrowed from Treasury to acquire the assets , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .
interest is classified as exchange revenue notwithstanding the fact that the [being] may not be charged a cost of capital for the assets that yield these inflows ; or , if the [being] borrowed from treasury to acquire the assets , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .

The gross cost of the entity is understated in such cases ; and to recognize an exchange revenue is to recognize a revenue without some or all of the related costs , and hence to understate the entity 's net cost of operations .
the gross cost of the [being] is understated in such cases ; and to recognize an exchange revenue is to recognize a revenue without some or all of the related costs , and hence to understate the [being] 's net cost of operations .

Nevertheless , in some cases the entity does pay the Treasury at least some interest ; and the Government 's cost of borrowing to acquire the assets is recognized as a cost of the Government as a whole .
nevertheless , in some cases the [being] does pay the treasury at least some interest ; and the government 's cost of borrowing to acquire the assets is recognized as a cost of the government as a whole .

Since some cost is recognized , even if not always the full cost of the entity,47 an exchange revenue is recognized for the entity that receives the inflow of interest .
since some cost is recognized , even if not always the full cost of the entity,47 an exchange revenue is recognized for the [being] that receives the inflow of interest .

Interest on post-199148 direct loans.49 -- Interest on direct loans is an exchange transaction , because it is part of a broader exchange transaction in which the entity makes a loan to the borrower and the entity and borrower each receives and sacrifices something of value .
interest on post-199148 direct loans.49 -- interest on direct loans is an exchange transaction , because it is part of a broader exchange transaction in which the [being] makes a loan to the borrower and the [being] and borrower each receives and sacrifices something of value .

Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations. -- Receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations are custodial ( or non-entity ) assets , held by the IRS or another entity as an agent for the Government as a whole rather than on its own behalf ( e.g. , IRS tax receivables on which the delinquent taxpayer must pay interest ) .
interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations. -- receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations are custodial ( or non-entity ) assets , held by the irs or another [being] as an agent for the government as a whole rather than on its own behalf ( e.g. , irs tax receivables on which the delinquent taxpayer must pay interest ) .

The interest is an exchange revenue , because each party receives and sacrifices something of value , but it is not related to the costs incurred by the collecting entity .
the interest is an exchange revenue , because each party receives and sacrifices something of value , but it is not related to the costs incurred by the collecting [being] .

The interest is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity .
the interest is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting [being] .

If transferred to the General Fund , the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government 's cost of borrowing ; if transferred to another entity , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer .
if transferred to the general fund , the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government 's cost of borrowing ; if transferred to another [being] , it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the [being] that receives the transfer .

Special benefits may be provided to identifiable recipients who pay the fees , beyond the benefits , if any , that accrue to the general public ( e.g. , passport fees ) ; or the Government may incur costs in order to regulate an identifiable entity for the benefit of the general public or some other group , in which case the user charge compensates the Government for its regulatory costs that were caused by the activity of the party that pays the charge ( e.g. , SEC and Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees ) .
special benefits may be provided to identifiable recipients who pay the fees , beyond the benefits , if any , that accrue to the general public ( e.g. , passport fees ) ; or the government may incur costs in order to regulate an identifiable [being] for the benefit of the general public or some other group , in which case the user charge compensates the government for its regulatory costs that were caused by the activity of the party that pays the charge ( e.g. , sec and nuclear regulatory commission fees ) .

Because in general the revenue is closely related to the cost of operations , these fees are classified as exchange transactions and the revenue is an exchange revenue of the entity that charges the fee .
because in general the revenue is closely related to the cost of operations , these fees are classified as exchange transactions and the revenue is an exchange revenue of the [being] that charges the fee .

Therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the entity that administers the retirement plan and thus is an offset to that entity 's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations.52 51Federal employee retirement plans do not include social insurance , such as Social Security and Medicare .
therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the [being] that administers the retirement plan and thus is an offset to that [being] 's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations.52 51federal employee retirement plans do not include social insurance , such as social security and medicare .

The standards do not cover accounting for the plan per se as distinct from the administering entity .
the standards do not cover accounting for the plan per se as distinct from the administering [being] .

Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage. -- Employees of the Federal Government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of its employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .
federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage. -- employees of the federal government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer [being] contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of its employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .

Therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the entity that administers the health benefits plan and thus is an offset to that entity 's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations .
therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the [being] that administers the health benefits plan and thus is an offset to that [being] 's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations .

Notwithstanding that duties are a nonexchange revenue , these particular duties are a nonexchange revenue of an entity other than the United States and therefore are not recognized as a nonexchange revenue of the U.S. Government .
notwithstanding that duties are a nonexchange revenue , these particular duties are a nonexchange revenue of an [being] other than the united states and therefore are not recognized as a nonexchange revenue of the u.s. government .

Therefore , the revenue is an exchange revenue of the entity that incurs the cost .
therefore , the revenue is an exchange revenue of the [being] that incurs the cost .

Note : As explained in the introduction to this appendix , transactions that are classified as producing gains or losses should instead be classified as producing revenue or expense if they are usual and recurring for a particular reporting entity .
note : as explained in the introduction to this appendix , transactions that are classified as producing gains or losses should instead be classified as producing revenue or expense if they are usual and recurring for a particular reporting [being] .

The balances are not earned in exchange transactions by the entity 's operations .
the balances are not earned in exchange transactions by the [being] 's operations .

Most fundamentally , they are not produced by operations in which the entity incurs a cost .
most fundamentally , they are not produced by operations in which the [being] incurs a cost .

Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs.61 -- Federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as Social Security62 and Medicare under the same terms and conditions as the rest of the covered population .
employer [being] contributions to social insurance programs.61 -- federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as social security62 and medicare under the same terms and conditions as the rest of the covered population .

The employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way ; the employer entity contribution is not earned by the social insurance program ; and the benefits are generally calculated in the same way .
the employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way ; the employer [being] contribution is not earned by the social insurance program ; and the benefits are generally calculated in the same way .

For these reasons , the employer entity contribution should have the same classification as private employer contributions , which is nonexchange revenue .
for these reasons , the employer [being] contribution should have the same classification as private employer contributions , which is nonexchange revenue .

Cancellation of debt. -- The debt that an entity owes Treasury ( or other agency ) may be canceled by Act of Congress .
cancellation of debt. -- the debt that an [being] owes treasury ( or other agency ) may be canceled by act of congress .

The amount of debt that is canceled ( including the amount of capitalized interest that is canceled , if any ) is a gain to the entity whose debt is canceled and a loss to Treasury ( or other agency ) .
the amount of debt that is canceled ( including the amount of capitalized interest that is canceled , if any ) is a gain to the [being] whose debt is canceled and a loss to treasury ( or other agency ) .

The purpose of borrowing authority is generally to provide an entity with capital rather than to finance its operations .
the purpose of borrowing authority is generally to provide an [being] with capital rather than to finance its operations .

Therefore , the cancellation of debt is not earned by the entity 's operations and is not directly related to the entity 's costs of providing goods and services .
therefore , the cancellation of debt is not earned by the [being] 's operations and is not directly related to the [being] 's costs of providing goods and services .

As a result , the cancellation is a nonexchange gain to the entity that owed the debt and a nonexchange loss to the lender .
as a result , the cancellation is a nonexchange gain to the [being] that owed the debt and a nonexchange loss to the lender .

Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees. -- Employees of the Federal Government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently ( the salary ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions , retirement health benefits , and other retirement benefits ) .
employer [being] contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for federal employees. -- employees of the federal government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently ( the salary ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions , retirement health benefits , and other retirement benefits ) .

The financing of these benefits may include contributions paid by the employer entity to the retirement fund .
the financing of these benefits may include contributions paid by the employer [being] to the retirement fund .

In broad terms , the employer entity contribution is an inflow of resources to the retirement fund as part of this exchange transaction .
in broad terms , the employer [being] contribution is an inflow of resources to the retirement fund as part of this exchange transaction .

More narrowly , it is a payment by the employer entity in exchange for the future provision of a pension or other retirement benefit to its employees .
more narrowly , it is a payment by the employer [being] in exchange for the future provision of a pension or other retirement benefit to its employees .

Therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the entity that administers the retirement plan and thus is an offset to that entity 's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations.63 318 .
therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the [being] that administers the retirement plan and thus is an offset to that [being] 's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations.63 318 .

Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees. -- Employees of the Federal Government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of the employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .
employer [being] contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of federal employees. -- employees of the federal government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation , of which some is received currently in the form of money ( the salary ) ; some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party ( the employer [being] contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of the employees ) ; and some is deferred ( pensions and other retirement benefits ) .

In broad terms , the employer entity contribution is an inflow of resources to the health benefits plan as part of this exchange transaction .
in broad terms , the employer [being] contribution is an inflow of resources to the health benefits plan as part of this exchange transaction .

More narrowly , it is a payment in exchange for current coverage of the employer entity 's employees by a health benefits plan .
more narrowly , it is a payment in exchange for current coverage of the employer [being] 's employees by a health benefits plan .

Therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the entity that operates the health benefits plan and thus is an offset to that entity 's gross cost in determining its net cost of operations .
therefore , it is an exchange revenue of the [being] that operates the health benefits plan and thus is an offset to that [being] 's gross cost in determining its net cost of operations .

Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation. -- The employer entity recognizes a liability and an expense for Federal employees who are laid-off or injured on the job and are entitled under law to unemployment benefits or workers compensation , respectively.64 The payment to the former or current employee is made by the unemployment trust fund ( Department of Labor ) in the case of unemployment benefits and by the special benefits fund ( Department of Labor ) in the case of workers compensation .
employer [being] payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation. -- the employer [being] recognizes a liability and an expense for federal employees who are laid-off or injured on the job and are entitled under law to unemployment benefits or workers compensation , respectively.64 the payment to the former or current employee is made by the unemployment trust fund ( department of labor ) in the case of unemployment benefits and by the special benefits fund ( department of labor ) in the case of workers compensation .

Unemployment benefits are reimbursed by the former employer entity ; and workers compensation costs are mostly charged back to the employer entity .
unemployment benefits are reimbursed by the former employer [being] ; and workers compensation costs are mostly charged back to the employer [being] .

Since the costs are recognized by the employer entity and its payment to the unemployment trust fund or the special benefits fund reimburses these funds for the costs they incur , the amounts these funds receive from the employer entity are exchange revenues .
since the costs are recognized by the employer [being] and its payment to the unemployment trust fund or the special benefits fund reimburses these funds for the costs they incur , the amounts these funds receive from the employer [being] are exchange revenues .

The standards do not cover accounting for the plan per se as distinct from the administering entity .
the standards do not cover accounting for the plan per se as distinct from the administering [being] .

Interest received by Treasury. -- Accounts or funds ( including direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ) may be authorized to borrow from the Treasury or from the Federal Financing Bank ( an entity within Treasury ) or other sources .
interest received by treasury. -- accounts or funds ( including direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ) may be authorized to borrow from the treasury or from the federal financing bank ( an [being] within treasury ) or other sources .

The interest that the entity pays on its borrowings is a cost to the entity and an inflow of resources to the Treasury .
the interest that the [being] pays on its borrowings is a cost to the [being] and an inflow of resources to the treasury .

The Treasury may be deemed to have borrowed from the public to finance the outlays for which the entity borrowed , and thus to have incurred a corresponding interest cost of its own .
the treasury may be deemed to have borrowed from the public to finance the outlays for which the [being] borrowed , and thus to have incurred a corresponding interest cost of its own .

The interest received by Treasury from the entity is therefore related to Treasury 's cost of borrowing from the public and should be classified as an exchange revenue .
the interest received by treasury from the [being] is therefore related to treasury 's cost of borrowing from the public and should be classified as an exchange revenue .

Note : As explained in the introduction to this appendix , transactions that are classified as producing gains or losses should instead be classified as producing revenue or expense if they are usual and recurring for a particular reporting entity .
note : as explained in the introduction to this appendix , transactions that are classified as producing gains or losses should instead be classified as producing revenue or expense if they are usual and recurring for a particular reporting [being] .

Appropriations. -- Appropriations -- a form of budget authority -- permit an entity to incur obligations and make payments and thus are a means of financing the entity 's cost .
appropriations. -- appropriations -- a form of budget authority -- permit an [being] to incur obligations and make payments and thus are a means of financing the [being] 's cost .

They are not otherwise related to the entity 's cost and therefore are not an offset to its gross cost in determining its net cost of operations .
they are not otherwise related to the [being] 's cost and therefore are not an offset to its gross cost in determining its net cost of operations .

They are not earned by the entity 's activities , demanded by the entity , or donated to the entity .
they are not earned by the [being] 's activities , demanded by the [being] , or donated to the [being] .

More precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .
more precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the [being] 's operating results when the [being] receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .

To avoid double counting , appropriations used are not recognized for the appropriation of earmarked revenues or other financing sources , which are already counted in determining the entity 's operating results .
to avoid double counting , appropriations used are not recognized for the appropriation of earmarked revenues or other financing sources , which are already counted in determining the [being] 's operating results .

Appropriations that have been made available for apportionment but have not been used are recognized as `` unexpended appropriations '' in the entity 's capital .
appropriations that have been made available for apportionment but have not been used are recognized as `` unexpended appropriations '' in the [being] 's capital .

Cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost. -- One entity may receive goods or services from another entity without paying the full cost of the goods or services or without paying any cost at all .
cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost. -- one [being] may receive goods or services from another [being] without paying the full cost of the goods or services or without paying any cost at all .

Other Federal accounting standards may require the receiving entity to recognize the full cost as an expense ( or , if appropriate , as an asset ) .
other federal accounting standards may require the receiving [being] to recognize the full cost as an expense ( or , if appropriate , as an asset ) .

The financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the receiving entity .
the financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the receiving [being] .

Imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the entity 's operating results and net position .
imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the [being] 's operating results and net position .

It is not a revenue , because the receiving entity does not earn the amount imputed or demand its payment .
it is not a revenue , because the receiving [being] does not earn the amount imputed or demand its payment .

Cost subsidies : difference between the service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) , less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions. -- The service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) to the employer entity , less the employee contributions , if any , is recognized as a cost to the employer entity .
cost subsidies : difference between the service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) , less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer [being] contributions. -- the service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) to the employer [being] , less the employee contributions , if any , is recognized as a cost to the employer [being] .

The difference between the employer entity 's cost and its contributions , if any , is imputed to the employer entity as part of its recognized cost .
the difference between the employer [being] 's cost and its contributions , if any , is imputed to the employer [being] as part of its recognized cost .

For pensions , the cost recognized by the employer entity is more than its contribution for employees who are covered by the Civil Service Retirement System and several minor systems ( in a few of which the employer entity does not make any contributions toward the service cost ) .
for pensions , the cost recognized by the employer [being] is more than its contribution for employees who are covered by the civil service retirement system and several minor systems ( in a few of which the employer [being] does not make any contributions toward the service cost ) .

For retirement health care benefits , neither the employees nor the employer entity make any contributions while the employee is working.66 Therefore , the entire service cost is recognized as a cost to the employer entity and imputed to it .
for retirement health care benefits , neither the employees nor the employer [being] make any contributions while the employee is working.66 therefore , the entire service cost is recognized as a cost to the employer [being] and imputed to it .

The financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the employer entity.67 The imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the employer entity 's operating results and net position .
the financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the employer entity.67 the imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the employer [being] 's operating results and net position .

It is not a revenue , because the employer entity does not earn the amount imputed or demand its payment.68 65See SFFAS No .
it is not a revenue , because the employer [being] does not earn the amount imputed or demand its payment.68 65see sffas no .

Retired employees do pay premiums , however , and the service cost to the employer entity is defined net of the actuarial present value of those future premiums .
retired employees do pay premiums , however , and the service cost to the employer [being] is defined net of the actuarial present value of those future premiums .

The employer entity 's own contribution , if any , is generally financed by an appropriation but could be financed by earned revenue or other sources .
the employer [being] 's own contribution , if any , is generally financed by an appropriation but could be financed by earned revenue or other sources .

The standards do not cover accounting for the plan per se as distinct from the administering entity .
the standards do not cover accounting for the plan per se as distinct from the administering [being] .

In the present case , the employer entity acquires the services of the employees itself , but another entity pays part of their cost . )
in the present case , the employer [being] acquires the services of the employees itself , but another [being] pays part of their cost . )

It differs from the contribution to SMI primarily in that it is paid by another program entity ( the CCC ) rather than directly by the General Fund .
it differs from the contribution to smi primarily in that it is paid by another program [being] ( the ccc ) rather than directly by the general fund .

Furthermore , the nature of this reallocation is such that the transferring entity does not receive anything of value and the recipient entity does not sacrifice anything of value .
furthermore , the nature of this reallocation is such that the transferring [being] does not receive anything of value and the recipient [being] does not sacrifice anything of value .

Therefore , the recipient entity recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source , and the transferring entity recognizes the transfer-out as a negative financing source .
therefore , the recipient [being] recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source , and the transferring [being] recognizes the transfer-out as a negative financing source .

Transfer of cash and other capitalized assets without reimbursement. -- Cash and other capitalized assets may be transferred without reimbursement from one Government entity to another .
transfer of cash and other capitalized assets without reimbursement. -- cash and other capitalized assets may be transferred without reimbursement from one government [being] to another .

Cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the General Fund or another entity ; other capitalized assets may include general property , plant , and equipment .
cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring [being] in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the general fund or another [being] ; other capitalized assets may include general property , plant , and equipment .

The receiving entity does not sacrifice anything of value , and the transferring entity does not acquire anything of value .
the receiving [being] does not sacrifice anything of value , and the transferring [being] does not acquire anything of value .

The receiving entity recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source ; the transferring entity recognizes the transfer-out as a negative financing source .
the receiving [being] recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source ; the transferring [being] recognizes the transfer-out as a negative financing source .

The amount recorded by both entities is the transferring entity 's book value of the asset .
the amount recorded by both entities is the transferring [being] 's book value of the asset .

Transfer of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- Property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship PP & E ) may be transferred from one Government entity to another .
transfer of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship pp & e ) may be transferred from one government [being] to another .

If the asset was classified as stewardship PP & E in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity , the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .
if the asset was classified as stewardship pp & e in its entirety by both the transferring [being] and the recipient [being] , the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either [being] and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .

However , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP & E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP & E for the recipient entity , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets by the transferring entity .
however , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general pp & e for the transferring [being] but stewardship pp & e for the recipient [being] , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets by the transferring [being] .

Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment. -- Capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) may be removed from the general PP & E accounts if it no longer provides service in the operations of the entity because it has suffered damage , become obsolete in advance of expectations , or is identified as excess .
revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment. -- capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) may be removed from the general pp & e accounts if it no longer provides service in the operations of the [being] because it has suffered damage , become obsolete in advance of expectations , or is identified as excess .

Any difference between the book value and the expected net realizable value is recognized as a gain or loss in determining the net cost of operations , because the revaluation results from the entity 's operations .
any difference between the book value and the expected net realizable value is recognized as a gain or loss in determining the net cost of operations , because the revaluation results from the [being] 's operations .

The amount of revaluation is recognized as a loss or a gain in determining the net cost of operations , because it results from the entity 's operations .
the amount of revaluation is recognized as a loss or a gain in determining the net cost of operations , because it results from the [being] 's operations .

However , it is not a net inflow of resources to the Treasury or other borrowing entity , because the asset received ( cash ) is offset by an equal liability ( debt ) .
however , it is not a net inflow of resources to the treasury or other borrowing [being] , because the asset received ( cash ) is offset by an equal liability ( debt ) .

Borrowing from Treasury , the Federal Financing Bank , or other Government accounts. -- An entity may be provided the authority to borrow from Treasury , the Federal Financing Bank , or other Government accounts .
borrowing from treasury , the federal financing bank , or other government accounts. -- an [being] may be provided the authority to borrow from treasury , the federal financing bank , or other government accounts .

Intragovernmental borrowing is a means of financing the entity 's outlays .
intragovernmental borrowing is a means of financing the [being] 's outlays .

However , it is not a net inflow of resources to the entity , because the asset received ( cash ) is offset by an equal liability ( debt ) .
however , it is not a net inflow of resources to the [being] , because the asset received ( cash ) is offset by an equal liability ( debt ) .

Disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers. -- Revenue , primarily nonexchange revenue , may be collected by an entity acting on behalf of the General Fund or another entity within the Government on whose behalf it was collected .
disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers. -- revenue , primarily nonexchange revenue , may be collected by an [being] acting on behalf of the general fund or another [being] within the government on whose behalf it was collected .

The collecting entity accounts for the disposition of revenue as part of its custodial activity .
the collecting [being] accounts for the disposition of revenue as part of its custodial activity .

These custodial transfers , by definition , do not affect the collecting entity 's net cost of operations or operating results , nor are they part of the reconciliation between its obligations and net cost of operations .
these custodial transfers , by definition , do not affect the collecting [being] 's net cost of operations or operating results , nor are they part of the reconciliation between its obligations and net cost of operations .

Transfer of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- Property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship PP & E ) may be transferred from one Government entity to another .
transfer of property , plant , and equipment without reimbursement : types that are expensed. -- property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) of types that are expensed ( i.e. , stewardship pp & e ) may be transferred from one government [being] to another .

If the asset was classified as stewardship PP & E in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity , the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .
if the asset was classified as stewardship pp & e in its entirety by both the transferring [being] and the recipient [being] , the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either [being] and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue , a gain or loss , or other financing source .

However , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP & E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP & E for the recipient entity , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets by the 71See SFFAS No .
however , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general pp & e for the transferring [being] but stewardship pp & e for the recipient [being] , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets by the 71see sffas no .

If multi-use heritage assets are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring entity , that cost is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets .
if multi-use heritage assets are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring [being] , that cost is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets .

No amount is recognized by the entity that receives the asset.72 361 .
no amount is recognized by the [being] that receives the asset.72 361 .

When such PP & E is donated to the Government , however , no amount is recognized as a cost.73 Since the donation of such PP & E does not affect the net cost or net position of the recipient entity , it is not a revenue , a gain , or an other financing source .
when such pp & e is donated to the government , however , no amount is recognized as a cost.73 since the donation of such pp & e does not affect the net cost or net position of the recipient [being] , it is not a revenue , a gain , or an other financing source .

Repayment of pre-1992 direct loans. -- When pre-1992 direct loans are repaid in whole or in part , the entity exchanges one asset ( loans receivable ) for another ( cash ) with equal value .
repayment of pre-1992 direct loans. -- when pre-1992 direct loans are repaid in whole or in part , the [being] exchanges one asset ( loans receivable ) for another ( cash ) with equal value .

Repayment of receivables : except direct loans. -- When receivables other than direct loans are paid or repaid in whole or in part , the entity exchanges one asset ( loans receivable ) for another ( cash ) with equal value .
repayment of receivables : except direct loans. -- when receivables other than direct loans are paid or repaid in whole or in part , the [being] exchanges one asset ( loans receivable ) for another ( cash ) with equal value .

It normally differs from the cost of modification , which is recognized as an expense.79 Any difference between the book value loss ( or gain ) and the cost of modification is recognized as a gain or loss.80 The amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not a net inflow of resources to the entity , because it is an exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value .
it normally differs from the cost of modification , which is recognized as an expense.79 any difference between the book value loss ( or gain ) and the cost of modification is recognized as a gain or loss.80 the amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not a net inflow of resources to the [being] , because it is an exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value .

The standards and guidance in this Statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a Federal reporting entity or a disclosure may be required due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a Federal reporting entity toward a deposit fund .
the standards and guidance in this statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a federal reporting [being] or a disclosure may be required due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a federal reporting [being] toward a deposit fund .

INDEX OF TRANSACTIONS CLASSIFIED IN APPENDIX B Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) Appropriations ( 592 ) Borrowing from the public ( 596 ) Borrowing from Treasury , the Federal Financing Bank , or other Government accounts ( 596 ) Cancellation of debt ( 589 ) Contribution by the general fund to the SMI trust fund ( 594 ) Cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) Cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) Customs Service fees ( 576 ) Deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) Deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) Deposits of earnings , Federal Reserve System ( 577 ) Disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) Diversion fees , Department of Justice ( 583 ) Donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) Donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees ( 590 ) Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees ( 589 ) Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of Federal employees ( 584 ) Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) Fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Fines and penalties ( 578 ) Forfeitures ( 578 ) Individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds ( 594 ) Interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) Interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) Interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) Interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) Interest received by Treasury ( 591 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) Negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) Premiums for SMI ( Supplementary Medical Insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) Proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) Regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; SEC registration and filing fees ; and Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees ( 582 ) Reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) Reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) Rents , royalties , and bonuses on Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) ( 580 ) Repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) Repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) Repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) Revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) Sales of different types of Government assets .
index of transactions classified in appendix b acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) appropriations ( 592 ) borrowing from the public ( 596 ) borrowing from treasury , the federal financing bank , or other government accounts ( 596 ) cancellation of debt ( 589 ) contribution by the general fund to the smi trust fund ( 594 ) cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer [being] contributions ( 593 ) customs service fees ( 576 ) deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) deposits of earnings , federal reserve system ( 577 ) disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) diversion fees , department of justice ( 583 ) donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) employer [being] contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of federal employees ( 590 ) employer [being] contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for federal employees ( 589 ) employer [being] contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) employer [being] payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of federal employees ( 584 ) federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) fines and penalties ( 578 ) forfeitures ( 578 ) individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) interchange between the railroad retirement board and the social security and hospital insurance trust funds ( 594 ) interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) interest on treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) interest received by treasury ( 591 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) premiums for smi ( supplementary medical insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; sec registration and filing fees ; and nuclear regulatory commission fees ( 582 ) reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) rents , royalties , and bonuses on outer continental shelf ( ocs ) ( 580 ) repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) sales of different types of government assets .

In the private sector , the principal objective of reporting on financial position is to assess the viability of the entity , the business firm , and its potential profitability .
in the private sector , the principal objective of reporting on financial position is to assess the viability of the [being] , the business firm , and its potential profitability .

Financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .
financial condition allows an assessment of an [being] on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .

In other cases , it may be necessary to rely almost entirely on nonfinancial data to provide a more complete presentation of entity performance .
in other cases , it may be necessary to rely almost entirely on nonfinancial data to provide a more complete presentation of [being] performance .

Clearly , any functions performed by a Federal entity could be broadly labeled `` Federal mission . ''
clearly , any functions performed by a federal [being] could be broadly labeled `` federal mission . ''

Stewardship information may be presented in varying formats depending on the nature of the Federal investments or claims to Federal resources controlled by an entity .
stewardship information may be presented in varying formats depending on the nature of the federal investments or claims to federal resources controlled by an [being] .

If trend data that span many years are reported and the entity believes that constant dollar information would be meaningful for data interpretation , constant dollar data may be provided in addition to nominal dollar data .
if trend data that span many years are reported and the [being] believes that constant dollar information would be meaningful for data interpretation , constant dollar data may be provided in addition to nominal dollar data .

These requirements are flexible since different conditions may be considered acceptable by different entities , as well as for different items of PP & E held by the same entity .
these requirements are flexible since different conditions may be considered acceptable by different entities , as well as for different items of pp & e held by the same [being] .

The terms `` financial statements '' and `` consolidated financial statements '' are used throughout this document to refer to the basic financial statements of a reporting entity ; the basic financial statements normally include : the balance sheet , the statements of net cost , changes in financial position , financing , budgetary resources , and custodial activities and the notes to the financial statements .
the terms `` financial statements '' and `` consolidated financial statements '' are used throughout this document to refer to the basic financial statements of a reporting [being] ; the basic financial statements normally include : the balance sheet , the statements of net cost , changes in financial position , financing , budgetary resources , and custodial activities and the notes to the financial statements .

This principle would continue to be true for separately issued statements even if , pursuant to the provisions below , other information about these entities might need to be presented when their financial statements are included within reports of a larger Federal entity .
this principle would continue to be true for separately issued statements even if , pursuant to the provisions below , other information about these entities might need to be presented when their financial statements are included within reports of a larger federal [being] .

The determination of the most relevant information to be presented should be made by the preparer ; however , reporting at the entity level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .
the determination of the most relevant information to be presented should be made by the preparer ; however , reporting at the [being] level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .

There is a presumption that the valuation method previously used by the entity was appropriate for the circumstances and , therefore , should be applied on a consistent basis .
there is a presumption that the valuation method previously used by the [being] was appropriate for the circumstances and , therefore , should be applied on a consistent basis .

It excludes any interest costs paid by a reporting entity in financing its own debt .
it excludes any interest costs paid by a reporting [being] in financing its own debt .

Reporting at the entity level for Federal mission PP & E shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .
reporting at the [being] level for federal mission pp & e shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .

Reporting at the entity level for stewardship land shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .
reporting at the [being] level for stewardship land shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .

Reporting of major investments at the entity level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .
reporting of major investments at the [being] level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .

Reporting of major efforts at the entity level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .
reporting of major efforts at the [being] level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .

The human capital outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) and the budget and could be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to the concepts statement entitled , Entity and Display , SFFAC No .
the human capital outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the government performance and results act ( gpra ) and the budget and could be reported in a statement of program performance measures as described in appendix 1-f to the concepts statement entitled , [being] and display , sffac no .

The research and development outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) and the budget and will be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to Entity and Display , SFFAC No .
the research and development outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the government performance and results act ( gpra ) and the budget and will be reported in a statement of program performance measures as described in appendix 1-f to [being] and display , sffac no .

Reporting of major investments at the entity level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .
reporting of major investments at the [being] level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .

However , it also emphasizes that once a method is chosen , an entity should switch to the other method only with appropriate justification .
however , it also emphasizes that once a method is chosen , an [being] should switch to the other method only with appropriate justification .

This broad guidance was intended to provide the basic reporting requirements while allowing each entity maximum flexibility in such areas as determining what constitutes the individual stewardship items for that entity , which costs are directly attributable to the stewardship item , and how best to report on multi-use items so that users will gain the best picture of the entity 's financial and performance information .
this broad guidance was intended to provide the basic reporting requirements while allowing each [being] maximum flexibility in such areas as determining what constitutes the individual stewardship items for that [being] , which costs are directly attributable to the stewardship item , and how best to report on multi-use items so that users will gain the best picture of the [being] 's financial and performance information .

The Board believes that the desire for more specific guidance expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such guidance , an entity 's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned .
the board believes that the desire for more specific guidance expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such guidance , an [being] 's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned .

However , entities should make the determination of how best to apply the stewardship standards based on a thorough analysis of their individual entity , including its mission , financial practices , and the impact of its mission and operation on financial report users and on the Nation .
however , entities should make the determination of how best to apply the stewardship standards based on a thorough analysis of their individual [being] , including its mission , financial practices , and the impact of its mission and operation on financial report users and on the nation .

Finally , all entity determinations of the applicability of stewardship standards should be thoroughly documented .
finally , all [being] determinations of the applicability of stewardship standards should be thoroughly documented .

The Board 's intent was to ensure that these significant areas , if material for an entity , would be reported regularly and in a consistent manner .
the board 's intent was to ensure that these significant areas , if material for an [being] , would be reported regularly and in a consistent manner .

In some cases , an entity may have other resources or obligations that were not specifically addressed in the stewardship standards , but that the entity believes may be material to the presentation of its stewardship information .
in some cases , an [being] may have other resources or obligations that were not specifically addressed in the stewardship standards , but that the [being] believes may be material to the presentation of its stewardship information .

In such cases , if the reporting of such additional data would be useful and relevant to readers , and would provide a better indication of the resources and obligations of the entity , the Board encourages such reporting .
in such cases , if the reporting of such additional data would be useful and relevant to readers , and would provide a better indication of the resources and obligations of the [being] , the board encourages such reporting .

At this time , only weapons systems and space exploration equipment have been identified as Federal mission PP & E for this entity .
at this time , only weapons systems and space exploration equipment have been identified as federal mission pp & e for this [being] .

ASSETS -Tangible or intangible items owned by the federal government which would have probable economic benefits that can be obtained or controlled by a federal government entity .
assets -tangible or intangible items owned by the federal government which would have probable economic benefits that can be obtained or controlled by a federal government [being] .

CONTINGENCY - An existing condition , situation , or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain or loss to an entity that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur .
contingency - an existing condition , situation , or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain or loss to an [being] that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur .

END USER -Any component of a reporting entity that obtains goods for direct use in its normal operations .
end user -any component of a reporting [being] that obtains goods for direct use in its normal operations .

ENTITY - A unit within the federal government , such as a department , agency , bureau , or program , for which a set of financial statements would be prepared .
[being] - a unit within the federal government , such as a department , agency , bureau , or program , for which a set of financial statements would be prepared .

Entity also encompasses a group of related or unrelated commercial functions , revolving funds , trust funds , and/or other accounts for which financial statements will be prepared in accordance with OMB annual guidance on Form and Content of Financial Statements .
[being] also encompasses a group of related or unrelated commercial functions , revolving funds , trust funds , and/or other accounts for which financial statements will be prepared in accordance with omb annual guidance on form and content of financial statements .

EVENT - A happening of consequence to an entity .
event - a happening of consequence to an [being] .

It may be an internal event that occurs within an entity , such as the transforming of raw materials into a product .
it may be an internal event that occurs within an [being] , such as the transforming of raw materials into a product .

It may be an external event that involves interaction between an entity and its environment , such as a transaction with another entity , an act of nature , theft , vandalism , a tort caused by negligence , or an accident .
it may be an external event that involves interaction between an [being] and its environment , such as a transaction with another [being] , an act of nature , theft , vandalism , a tort caused by negligence , or an accident .

FEDERAL ENTITIES ( UNITS , COMPONENTS ) - See entity .
federal entities ( units , components ) - see [being] .

More specifically , the full cost of an output produced by a responsibility segment is the sum of ( 1 ) the costs of resources consumed by the responsibility segment that directly or indirectly contribute to the output , and ( 2 ) the costs of identifiable supporting services provided by other responsibility segments within the reporting entity and by other reporting entities .
more specifically , the full cost of an output produced by a responsibility segment is the sum of ( 1 ) the costs of resources consumed by the responsibility segment that directly or indirectly contribute to the output , and ( 2 ) the costs of identifiable supporting services provided by other responsibility segments within the reporting [being] and by other reporting entities .

OTHER FINANCING SOURCES - Inflows of resources that increase net position of a reporting entity but that are not revenues or gains .
other financing sources - inflows of resources that increase net position of a reporting [being] but that are not revenues or gains .

PRESENT VALUE ( PV ) - The value of future cash flows discounted to the present at a certain interest rate ( such as the reporting entity 's cost of capital ) , assuming compound interest .
present value ( pv ) - the value of future cash flows discounted to the present at a certain interest rate ( such as the reporting [being] 's cost of capital ) , assuming compound interest .

Recognition is the process of formally recording or incorporating an item into the financial statements of an entity as an asset , liability , revenue , expense , or the like .
recognition is the process of formally recording or incorporating an item into the financial statements of an [being] as an asset , liability , revenue , expense , or the like .

The holder in due course must have met the legal requirements of presentation and delivery of the instrument to the maker of a note or acceptor of a draft and must have found that this legal entity has refused to pay for or defaulted in payment of the instrument .
the holder in due course must have met the legal requirements of presentation and delivery of the instrument to the maker of a note or acceptor of a draft and must have found that this legal [being] has refused to pay for or defaulted in payment of the instrument .

RESPONSIBILITY SEGMENT - A significant organizational , operational , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .
responsibility segment - a significant organizational , operational , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the [being] 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the [being] .

WRITE-OFF -An action to remove an amount from an entity 's assets .
write-off -an action to remove an amount from an [being] 's assets .

Active collection on an account ceases , and the account is removed from an entity 's receivables .
active collection on an account ceases , and the account is removed from an [being] 's receivables .

Active collection on an account ceases , and the account is removed from an entity 's receivables .
active collection on an account ceases , and the account is removed from an [being] 's receivables .

The agency 's 1996 appropriation requires that , for certain purposes , the Federal Government `` deem accredited any postgraduate physician training program that would be accredited but for the accrediting agency 's reliance upon an accreditation standard that requires an entity to perform an induced abortion or require , provide , or refer for training in the performance of induced abortions , or make arrangements for such training .
the agency 's 1996 appropriation requires that , for certain purposes , the federal government `` deem accredited any postgraduate physician training program that would be accredited but for the accrediting agency 's reliance upon an accreditation standard that requires an [being] to perform an induced abortion or require , provide , or refer for training in the performance of induced abortions , or make arrangements for such training .

The Commission 's submission to GAO did not highlight any other actions taken to encourage small entity participation in the rulemaking process .
the commission 's submission to gao did not highlight any other actions taken to encourage small [being] participation in the rulemaking process .

Agency under Review Officials of the agency or entity under review are aware of evaluations of their computer data or systems and usually can direct you to both .
agency under review officials of the agency or [being] under review are aware of evaluations of their computer data or systems and usually can direct you to both .

Appropriate steps would include counting records and comparing totals with the responsible agency or entity .
appropriate steps would include counting records and comparing totals with the responsible agency or [being] .

Page 15 GAO-03-273G Assessing Reliability Dealing with Short Time Frames hard copy or summarized data-provided by the audited entity or retrieved from the Internet-you can ask for the electronic data file used to create the hard copy or summarized data .
page 15 gao-03-273g assessing reliability dealing with short time frames hard copy or summarized data-provided by the audited [being] or retrieved from the internet-you can ask for the electronic data file used to create the hard copy or summarized data .

Finally , if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable , you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited entity take corrective action .
finally , if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable , you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited [being] take corrective action .

Participants noted the need to report information about the business model , as users of financial reports first must better understand the entity 's business model in order to comprehend financial and nonfinancial information about the entity .
participants noted the need to report information about the business model , as users of financial reports first must better understand the [being] 's business model in order to comprehend financial and nonfinancial information about the [being] .

The AICPA 's Generally Accepted Auditing Standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .
the aicpa 's generally accepted auditing standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the [being] 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .

The Commission 's submission to GAO did not highlight any other actions taken to encourage small entity participation in the rulemaking process .
the commission 's submission to gao did not highlight any other actions taken to encourage small [being] participation in the rulemaking process .

No small entity in any industry would need to increase its prices by more than .05 percent to compensate for the costs of compliance with the final rule .
no small [being] in any industry would need to increase its prices by more than .05 percent to compensate for the costs of compliance with the final rule .

The analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the SIC Codes and size standards of the Small Business Administration .
the analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small [being] varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the sic codes and size standards of the small business administration .

Processing Payment Without an Invoice One federal entity asked GAO whether it would be permissible to make purchase order or contract payments ( without a vendor 's invoice ) solely on the basis of a receiving report or other documentary evidence showing receipt and acceptance .
processing payment without an invoice one federal [being] asked gao whether it would be permissible to make purchase order or contract payments ( without a vendor 's invoice ) solely on the basis of a receiving report or other documentary evidence showing receipt and acceptance .

This entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .
this [being] had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .

These services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .
these services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the [being] 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .

The auditor , in providing an independent report on whether an entity 's financial information is presented fairly in accordance with recognized criteria , informs users whether they can rely on the information .
the auditor , in providing an independent report on whether an [being] 's financial information is presented fairly in accordance with recognized criteria , informs users whether they can rely on the information .

Management 's Role 1.17 Management entrusted with handling public resources ( for example , managers of a state or local governmental entity or a nonprofit entity that receives federal assistance ) is responsible for applying those resources efficiently , economically , effectively , and legally to achieve the purposes for which the resources were furnished or the program was established .
management 's role 1.17 management entrusted with handling public resources ( for example , managers of a state or local governmental [being] or a nonprofit [being] that receives federal assistance ) is responsible for applying those resources efficiently , economically , effectively , and legally to achieve the purposes for which the resources were furnished or the program was established .

That responsibility encompasses identifying the requirements with which the entity and the official must comply and implementing systems designed to achieve that compliance .
that responsibility encompasses identifying the requirements with which the [being] and the official must comply and implementing systems designed to achieve that compliance .

In discharging their professional responsibilities , auditors may encounter conflicting pressures from management of the audited entity , various levels of government , employers , and others who rely on the objectivity and independence of the auditors .
in discharging their professional responsibilities , auditors may encounter conflicting pressures from management of the audited [being] , various levels of government , employers , and others who rely on the objectivity and independence of the auditors .

Auditors are responsible to be honest and candid with the audited entity and users of the auditors ' work in the conduct of their work , within the constraints of the audited entity 's confidentiality .
auditors are responsible to be honest and candid with the audited [being] and users of the auditors ' work in the conduct of their work , within the constraints of the audited [being] 's confidentiality .

Economy and efficiency audit objectives concern whether an entity is acquiring , protecting , and using its resources in the most productive manner to achieve program objectives .
economy and efficiency audit objectives concern whether an [being] is acquiring , protecting , and using its resources in the most productive manner to achieve program objectives .

The term internal control in this document is synonymous with the term management control and , unless otherwise stated , covers all aspects of an entity 's operations ( programmatic , financial , and compliance ) .
the term internal control in this document is synonymous with the term management control and , unless otherwise stated , covers all aspects of an [being] 's operations ( programmatic , financial , and compliance ) .

If the audited entity operates in a specific or unique environment , auditors should receive CPE that is related to that environment .
if the audited [being] operates in a specific or unique environment , auditors should receive cpe that is related to that environment .

The term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( OCBOA ) .
the term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an [being] 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( ocboa ) .

AUDITOR COMMUNICATION 4.6 An additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .
auditor communication 4.6 an additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited [being] , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .

When auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 Auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the audited entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .
when auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the audited [being] , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the financial audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting information .
for example , an audit report on an [being] 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the financial audit if the [being] uses such systems to process its accounting information .

Officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them , and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the audited [being] are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them , and for having a process to track their status .

If officials of the audited entity do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .
if officials of the audited [being] do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .

Management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .
management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the [being] complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .

That responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements .
that responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the [being] complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements .

Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .
depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited [being] , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .

For example , the audited entity may need audited financial statements to issue bonds or for other financing purposes .
for example , the audited [being] may need audited financial statements to issue bonds or for other financing purposes .

AICPA standards define reportable conditions as significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .
aicpa standards define reportable conditions as significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the [being] 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .

If the auditors have communicated other deficiencies in internal control in a management letter to officials of the audited entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on internal control .
if the auditors have communicated other deficiencies in internal control in a management letter to officials of the audited [being] , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on internal control .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control .
auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited [being] about deficiencies in internal control .

In some circumstances , auditors should report fraud and illegal acts directly to parties external to the audited entity .
in some circumstances , auditors should report fraud and illegal acts directly to parties external to the audited [being] .

Auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .
auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited [being] regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .

If auditors have communicated those findings in a management letter to officials of the audited entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on compliance .
if auditors have communicated those findings in a management letter to officials of the audited [being] , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on compliance .

Auditors may provide less extensive disclosure of fraud and illegal acts that are not material in either a quantitative or qualitative sense.9 Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance .
auditors may provide less extensive disclosure of fraud and illegal acts that are not material in either a quantitative or qualitative sense.9 auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited [being] about fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance .

Direct Reporting of Fraud and Illegal Acts 5.22 GAGAS require auditors to report fraud or illegal acts directly to parties outside the audited entity in two circumstances , as discussed below .
direct reporting of fraud and illegal acts 5.22 gagas require auditors to report fraud or illegal acts directly to parties outside the audited [being] in two circumstances , as discussed below .

If auditors have communicated such fraud or illegal acts to officials of the audited entity and they fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate such an awareness to the governing body of the audited entity .
if auditors have communicated such fraud or illegal acts to officials of the audited [being] and they fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate such an awareness to the governing body of the audited [being] .

If the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if the officials of the audited [being] do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the [being] 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .

If auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited entity .
if auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited [being] .

Then , if officials of the audited entity do not report the fraud or illegal act as soon as practicable to the entity that provided the government assistance , the auditors should report the fraud or illegal act directly to that entity .
then , if officials of the audited [being] do not report the fraud or illegal act as soon as practicable to the [being] that provided the government assistance , the auditors should report the fraud or illegal act directly to that [being] .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that [being] unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited [being] to verify that the comments are accurately stated .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited [being] and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Usually , they report to their entity 's top managers , who are responsible for distribution of the report .
usually , they report to their [being] 's top managers , who are responsible for distribution of the report .

Auditor Communication 6.5 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .
auditor communication 6.5 an additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited [being] and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .
for example , an audit report on an [being] 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the [being] uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .

An audited entity receiving a GAGAS attestation report may also need a report on the attestation engagement for purposes other than to comply with requirements calling for a GAGAS audit .
an audited [being] receiving a gagas attestation report may also need a report on the attestation engagement for purposes other than to comply with requirements calling for a gagas audit .

However , these matters should be brought to the attention of management of the audited entity .
however , these matters should be brought to the attention of management of the audited [being] .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .
auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited [being] about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .

Auditors should prepare a summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
auditors should prepare a summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited [being] to verify that the comments are accurately stated .

Report Issuance and Distribution 6.39 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 6.39 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited [being] and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited [being] , and legislators .

Usually , they report to their entity 's top manager , who is responsible for distribution of the report .
usually , they report to their [being] 's top manager , who is responsible for distribution of the report .

Another important user of the auditors ' report is the entity being audited , which is responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .
another important user of the auditors ' report is the [being] being audited , which is responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .

Entity officials may provide more detailed guidance on program purpose to supplement the authorizing legislation .
[being] officials may provide more detailed guidance on program purpose to supplement the authorizing legislation .

Entity officials are sometimes asked to set goals for program performance and operations , including both outcome and output goals .
[being] officials are sometimes asked to set goals for program performance and operations , including both outcome and output goals .

These resources may come from within or outside the entity operating the program .
these resources may come from within or outside the [being] operating the program .

Understanding these controls can help auditors ( 1 ) assess the risk that the data gathered by the entity may not be valid or reliable and ( 2 ) design appropriate tests of the data .
understanding these controls can help auditors ( 1 ) assess the risk that the data gathered by the [being] may not be valid or reliable and ( 2 ) design appropriate tests of the data .

In contrast , evidence suggesting ineffective controls may lead auditors to perform more direct testing of the data , look for data from outside the entity , or develop their own data .
in contrast , evidence suggesting ineffective controls may lead auditors to perform more direct testing of the data , look for data from outside the [being] , or develop their own data .

When assessing the validity and reliability of performance measures developed by the audited entity , effective internal control over collecting , summarizing , and reporting data will help ensure valid and reliable performance measures .
when assessing the validity and reliability of performance measures developed by the audited [being] , effective internal control over collecting , summarizing , and reporting data will help ensure valid and reliable performance measures .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited [being] , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

The auditors ' assessment of risk includes consideration of whether the entity has controls that are effective in preventing or detecting noncompliance .
the auditors ' assessment of risk includes consideration of whether the [being] has controls that are effective in preventing or detecting noncompliance .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting or other information the auditors plan on using .
for example , an audit report on an [being] 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the audit if the [being] uses such systems to process its accounting or other information the auditors plan on using .

Officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the audited [being] are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .

If officials of the audited entity do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .
if officials of the audited [being] do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 98 Identifying Sources of Audit Evidence 7.24 In identifying potential sources of data that could be used as audit evidence , auditors should consider the validity and reliability of these data , including data collected by the audited entity , data generated by the auditors , or data provided by third parties , as well as the sufficiency and relevance of the evidence .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 98 identifying sources of audit evidence 7.24 in identifying potential sources of data that could be used as audit evidence , auditors should consider the validity and reliability of these data , including data collected by the audited [being] , data generated by the auditors , or data provided by third parties , as well as the sufficiency and relevance of the evidence .

Auditors may be able to overcome such limitations by using staff from any existing local field offices of the audit entity or by engaging consultants with the necessary expertise .
auditors may be able to overcome such limitations by using staff from any existing local field offices of the audit [being] or by engaging consultants with the necessary expertise .

Written representations can take several forms , including having entity management sign summary documents prepared by the auditors .
written representations can take several forms , including having [being] management sign summary documents prepared by the auditors .

Auditors can reduce the direct tests of the data if they test the effectiveness of the entity 's internal controls over the validity and reliability of the data , and these tests support the conclusion that the controls are effective .
auditors can reduce the direct tests of the data if they test the effectiveness of the [being] 's internal controls over the validity and reliability of the data , and these tests support the conclusion that the controls are effective .

Appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the audited entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .
appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the audited [being] 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .

If auditors have communicated such fraud and illegal acts to officials of the audited entity , and the latter fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate their awareness of that failure to the audited entity 's governing body .
if auditors have communicated such fraud and illegal acts to officials of the audited [being] , and the latter fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate their awareness of that failure to the audited [being] 's governing body .

If officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if officials of the audited [being] do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that [being] unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .

One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .
one of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited [being] and others , as may be appropriate .

Including the views of responsible officials produces a report that shows not only what was found , and what the auditors think about it , but also what the officials in the audited entity think about the report and what they plan to do about it .
including the views of responsible officials produces a report that shows not only what was found , and what the auditors think about it , but also what the officials in the audited [being] think about the report and what they plan to do about it .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft of the summary to management of the audited [being] to verify that the comments are accurately stated .

Giving report users an adequate and correct understanding means providing perspective on the extent and significance of reported findings , such as the frequency of occurrence relative to the number of cases or transactions tested , and the relationship of the findings to the entity 's operations .
giving report users an adequate and correct understanding means providing perspective on the extent and significance of reported findings , such as the frequency of occurrence relative to the number of cases or transactions tested , and the relationship of the findings to the [being] 's operations .

For example , the audited entity may have faced unusual difficulties or circumstances .
for example , the audited [being] may have faced unusual difficulties or circumstances .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations , those of other levels of government who have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations , those of other levels of government who have provided assistance to the audited [being] , and legislators .

Usually , they report to their entity 's top managers , who are responsible for distribution of the report .
usually , they report to their [being] 's top managers , who are responsible for distribution of the report .

With the advent of agency inspectors general and other similar organizations , GAO is no longer the only federal entity charged with improving the accountability of government .
with the advent of agency inspectors general and other similar organizations , gao is no longer the only federal [being] charged with improving the accountability of government .

For example , one member 's entity experienced a sophisticated network intrusion that was originating from a foreign Internet service provider .
for example , one member 's [being] experienced a sophisticated network intrusion that was originating from a foreign internet service provider .

After initial discussions and further research , we narrowed our focus to 11 organizations that most closely met our criteria of being a recognized , competent information-sharing entity , primarily sharing sensitive or timecritical information pertaining to computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .
after initial discussions and further research , we narrowed our focus to 11 organizations that most closely met our criteria of being a recognized , competent information-sharing [being] , primarily sharing sensitive or timecritical information pertaining to computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .

Joint Task Force- Computer Network Operations The Joint Task Force-Computer Network Operations ( JTF-CNO ) ( formerly the Joint Task Force-Computer Network Defense ) is the primary Department of Defense entity for coordinating and directing internal activities to detect computer-based attacks , contain damage , and restore computer functionality when disruptions occur .
joint task force- computer network operations the joint task force-computer network operations ( jtf-cno ) ( formerly the joint task force-computer network defense ) is the primary department of defense [being] for coordinating and directing internal activities to detect computer-based attacks , contain damage , and restore computer functionality when disruptions occur .

When a service member is on temporary assignment to another component of the armed services or to a civilian agency , the entity to which the service member is detailed must provide time and attendance recording for the service member and report the information to his or her home component promptly to facilitate payment of basic pay and allowances by ( or through ) the home component .
when a service member is on temporary assignment to another component of the armed services or to a civilian agency , the [being] to which the service member is detailed must provide time and attendance recording for the service member and report the information to his or her home component promptly to facilitate payment of basic pay and allowances by ( or through ) the home component .

When reviewing electronic signature systems , we evaluate whether a system generates electronic signatures that represent an individual 's or an entity 's intent to be bound .
when reviewing electronic signature systems , we evaluate whether a system generates electronic signatures that represent an individual 's or an [being] 's intent to be bound .

An EPA official told us that the agency is using email as a way to facilitate the delivery of documents to the small entity representatives and to receive their comments .
an epa official told us that the agency is using email as a way to facilitate the delivery of documents to the small [being] representatives and to receive their comments .

In absence of its own standards , the Commission defined small business with respect to cellular services by utilizing the SBA definition for radiotelephone companies , e.g. , an entity employing less than 1,500 persons .
in absence of its own standards , the commission defined small business with respect to cellular services by utilizing the sba definition for radiotelephone companies , e.g. , an [being] employing less than 1,500 persons .

Internal Control Is a Continuous Built-in Component of Operations Internal control is not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an entity 's operations and on an ongoing basis .
internal control is a continuous built-in component of operations internal control is not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an [being] 's operations and on an ongoing basis .

In this sense , internal control is management control that is built into the entity as a Page 5 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Internal Control Is Effected by People part of its infrastructure to help managers run the entity and achieve their aims on an ongoing basis .
in this sense , internal control is management control that is built into the [being] as a page 5 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) internal control is effected by people part of its infrastructure to help managers run the [being] and achieve their aims on an ongoing basis .

Factors outside the control or influence of management can affect the entity 's ability to achieve all of its goals .
factors outside the control or influence of management can affect the [being] 's ability to achieve all of its goals .

Management needs to comprehensively identify risks and should consider all significant interactions between the entity and other parties as well as internal factors at both the entitywide and activity level .
management needs to comprehensively identify risks and should consider all significant interactions between the [being] and other parties as well as internal factors at both the entitywide and activity level .

Control activities are an integral part of an entity 's planning , implementing , reviewing , and accountability for stewardship of government resources and achieving effective results .
control activities are an integral part of an [being] 's planning , implementing , reviewing , and accountability for stewardship of government resources and achieving effective results .

Control activities occur at all levels and functions of the entity .
control activities occur at all levels and functions of the [being] .

For an entity to run and control its operations , it must have relevant , reliable , and timely communications relating to internal as well as external events .
for an [being] to run and control its operations , it must have relevant , reliable , and timely communications relating to internal as well as external events .

Under this approach , an owner prepares a project scope definition and then engages a single entity that will provide all services necessary to complete the design and construct the facility .
under this approach , an owner prepares a project scope definition and then engages a single [being] that will provide all services necessary to complete the design and construct the facility .

The owner 's standards , more than those of any other entity involved in the acquisition process , will set the tone for all aspects of design review activity .
the owner 's standards , more than those of any other [being] involved in the acquisition process , will set the tone for all aspects of design review activity .

An aggregation of hardware and/or software that isConfiguration designated for configuration management and treatedItem as a single entity in the configuration management process .
an aggregation of hardware and/or software that isconfiguration designated for configuration management and treateditem as a single [being] in the configuration management process .

Both principles in this critical success factor pertain to the demonstration of the CIO organization as an entity that can complete critical projects successfully and contribute to the well being of the enterprise .
both principles in this critical success factor pertain to the demonstration of the cio organization as an [being] that can complete critical projects successfully and contribute to the well being of the enterprise .

Needless to say , most of 'the field , ' as we refer to the collective entity that constitutes our grantee programs , was already frightened and concerned because of the funding drops , new restrictions and competition fears .
needless to say , most of 'the field , ' as we refer to the collective [being] that constitutes our grantee programs , was already frightened and concerned because of the funding drops , new restrictions and competition fears .

These three programs created the California Rural Justice Consortium , a planning entity dedicated to the vision of a seamless justice system in the region .
these three programs created the california rural justice consortium , a planning [being] dedicated to the vision of a seamless justice system in the region .

The consolidation of the federally-funded programs into a single statewide entity has provided the opportunity for increased communication and collaboration throughout the state both within legal services and between legal services providers and their allies in the private bar , client and local communities and with other key constituencies .
the consolidation of the federally-funded programs into a single statewide [being] has provided the opportunity for increased communication and collaboration throughout the state both within legal services and between legal services providers and their allies in the private bar , client and local communities and with other key constituencies .

The new entity is now known as Legal Services of Southern Missouri .
the new [being] is now known as legal services of southern missouri .

From this process , a new non-profit entity , Legal Advice & Referral Center ( LARC ) , was formed to apply for LSC funding .
from this process , a new non-profit [being] , legal advice & referral center ( larc ) , was formed to apply for lsc funding .

Legal Services of New Jersey , a non-LSC funded entity , administers the quite substantial non-LSC resources that support legal services in this state .
legal services of new jersey , a non-lsc funded [being] , administers the quite substantial non-lsc resources that support legal services in this state .

This non-LSC funded entity is available to clients throughout the state and currently consists of six full and part-time staff attorneys .
this non-lsc funded [being] is available to clients throughout the state and currently consists of six full and part-time staff attorneys .

In different states , the study or report has been initiated or overseen variously by the courts , the legislature , the state bar association , or an officially chartered commission or similar entity .
in different states , the study or report has been initiated or overseen variously by the courts , the legislature , the state bar association , or an officially chartered commission or similar [being] .

Successful efforts by the Tennessee Alliance of Legal Services ( the state planning entity ) to have bail bond fee legislation passed will result in an additional $ 2.5 million in state funds for legal service programs .
successful efforts by the tennessee alliance of legal services ( the state planning [being] ) to have bail bond fee legislation passed will result in an additional $ 2.5 million in state funds for legal service programs .

It is the entity in California responsible for state planning , and has already adopted core principles for a comprehensive integrated system for the provision of legal services in the following topical areas :
it is the [being] in california responsible for state planning , and has already adopted core principles for a comprehensive integrated system for the provision of legal services in the following topical areas :

The Legal Services Corporation expects its grantees in each state and territory to work with one another and with a broad spectrum of other equal justice stakeholders3 to develop comprehensive , integrated statewide civil legal services delivery systems which are responsive to the most compelling needs of eligible clients and client communities , ensure the highest and most strategic use of all available resources , maximize the opportunity for clients throughout the state to receive timely , effective and appropriate legal services in the present and in the future , and operate efficiently and effectively.4 1 A `` Designated State Planning Body '' is an entity that has been established and charged with responsibility for coordinating state legal services delivery planning .
the legal services corporation expects its grantees in each state and territory to work with one another and with a broad spectrum of other equal justice stakeholders3 to develop comprehensive , integrated statewide civil legal services delivery systems which are responsive to the most compelling needs of eligible clients and client communities , ensure the highest and most strategic use of all available resources , maximize the opportunity for clients throughout the state to receive timely , effective and appropriate legal services in the present and in the future , and operate efficiently and effectively.4 1 a `` designated state planning body '' is an [being] that has been established and charged with responsibility for coordinating state legal services delivery planning .

Such planning entities are generally composed of an array of civil equal justice delivery stakeholders , including but not limited to representatives from the state bar association , state IOLTA funding entity , staffed legal services programs ( LSC and non-LSC ) , the pro bono community , client organizations , clients and others with an interest and commitment to effective delivery of civil legal services to poor and vulnerable people in the state .
such planning entities are generally composed of an array of civil equal justice delivery stakeholders , including but not limited to representatives from the state bar association , state iolta funding [being] , staffed legal services programs ( lsc and non-lsc ) , the pro bono community , client organizations , clients and others with an interest and commitment to effective delivery of civil legal services to poor and vulnerable people in the state .

For electric utilities not subject to the jurisdiction of a State regulatory authority such plan shall be approved by the entity with rate-making authority for such utility .
for electric utilities not subject to the jurisdiction of a state regulatory authority such plan shall be approved by the [being] with rate-making authority for such utility .

The conference substitute adopts the House provision ( for a freestanding entity ) …changing the name to the ( Senate proposed ) Postal Rate Commission…
the conference substitute adopts the house provision ( for a freestanding [being] ) …changing the name to the ( senate proposed ) postal rate commission…

If competition was allowed and competitors arose , it might be that a change-of-address system could be operated by a separate entity and made available to all competitors .
if competition was allowed and competitors arose , it might be that a change-of-address system could be operated by a separate [being] and made available to all competitors .

Some smaller parts of the current intelligence community , such as the State Department 's intelligence bureau and the Energy Department 's intelligence entity , should not be funded out of the national intelligence program and should be the responsibility of their home departments .
some smaller parts of the current intelligence community , such as the state department 's intelligence bureau and the energy department 's intelligence [being] , should not be funded out of the national intelligence program and should be the responsibility of their home departments .

While it was distinctly a CIA entity , the FBI detailed officials to work at the Center and obtained leads that helped in the capture of persons wanted for trial in the United States .
while it was distinctly a cia [being] , the fbi detailed officials to work at the center and obtained leads that helped in the capture of persons wanted for trial in the united states .

By September 14 , Vice President Cheney had decided to recommend , at least as a first step , a new White House entity to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department .
by september 14 , vice president cheney had decided to recommend , at least as a first step , a new white house [being] to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department .

This new White House entity would be a homeland security adviser and Homeland Security Council-paralleling the National Security Council system .
this new white house [being] would be a homeland security adviser and homeland security council-paralleling the national security council system .

The Terrorist Threat Integration Center , while it has primary responsibility for terrorism analysis , is formally proscribed from having any oversight or operational authority and is not part of any operational entity , other than reporting to the director of central intelligence .
the terrorist threat integration center , while it has primary responsibility for terrorism analysis , is formally proscribed from having any oversight or operational authority and is not part of any operational [being] , other than reporting to the director of central intelligence .

In this case , we believe that the center should be the intelligence entity ( formerly TTIC ) inside the National Counterterrorism Center we have proposed .
in this case , we believe that the center should be the intelligence [being] ( formerly ttic ) inside the national counterterrorism center we have proposed .

The United States should concentrate responsibility and necessary legal authorities in one entity .
the united states should concentrate responsibility and necessary legal authorities in one [being] .

At a December 22 meeting of the Small Group of principals , FBI Director Louis Freeh briefed officials from the NSC staff , CIA , and Justice on wiretaps and investigations inside the United States , including a Brooklyn entity tied to the Ressam arrest , a seemingly unreliable foreign report of possible attacks on seven U.S. cities , two Algerians detained on the Canadian border , and searches in Montreal related to a jihadist cell .
at a december 22 meeting of the small group of principals , fbi director louis freeh briefed officials from the nsc staff , cia , and justice on wiretaps and investigations inside the united states , including a brooklyn [being] tied to the ressam arrest , a seemingly unreliable foreign report of possible attacks on seven u.s. cities , two algerians detained on the canadian border , and searches in montreal related to a jihadist cell .

In general , we cite documents and other materials by providing the agency or entity of origin , the type of document ( e.g. , memo , email , report , or record ) , the author and recipient , the title ( in quotes ) or a description of the subject , and the date .
in general , we cite documents and other materials by providing the agency or [being] of origin , the type of document ( e.g. , memo , email , report , or record ) , the author and recipient , the title ( in quotes ) or a description of the subject , and the date .

Available text mining solutions are concerned with named entity ( NE ) recognition ( entities are , for example , proteins , species , and cell lines ) , with identification of relationships between NEs ( such as protein interactions ) , and with the classification of text subphrases according to annotation schemata in general ( thyroid receptor is a thyroid hormone receptor ) [ 9,10,11,12,13,14,15 ] .
available text mining solutions are concerned with named [being] ( ne ) recognition ( entities are , for example , proteins , species , and cell lines ) , with identification of relationships between nes ( such as protein interactions ) , and with the classification of text subphrases according to annotation schemata in general ( thyroid receptor is a thyroid hormone receptor ) [ 9,10,11,12,13,14,15 ] .

Some Immediate Challenges Not all terms used in the literature ( NEs ) can actually be found in some kind of database ( perhaps because of an author error , or an alternative name for an entity adopted by the community ) .
some immediate challenges not all terms used in the literature ( nes ) can actually be found in some kind of database ( perhaps because of an author error , or an alternative name for an [being] adopted by the community ) .

However , the current evidence base for therapies in PHN is based on clinical trials of analgesics , which have examined PHN as a single disease entity .
however , the current evidence base for therapies in phn is based on clinical trials of analgesics , which have examined phn as a single disease [being] .

On the other hand , are odor mixtures simply perceived as a compound entity with distinct components ( like a triad in vertebrate pitch perception ) , or are mixtures unique entities that are perceived as fundamentally different from their elements ( like “ white ” in color perception ) ?
on the other hand , are odor mixtures simply perceived as a compound [being] with distinct components ( like a triad in vertebrate pitch perception ) , or are mixtures unique entities that are perceived as fundamentally different from their elements ( like “ white ” in color perception ) ?

The children confront the changing world around them : `` We All are relieved to lay aside our fight-or-flight reflexes and to commemorate our births from out of the dark centers of the women , to feel the complexity of our love and frustration with each other , to stretch our cognition to encompass the thoughts of every entity we know . ''
the children confront the changing world around them : `` we all are relieved to lay aside our fight-or-flight reflexes and to commemorate our births from out of the dark centers of the women , to feel the complexity of our love and frustration with each other , to stretch our cognition to encompass the thoughts of every [being] we know . ''

That there is no thing , no entity we can call matter , or energy , or reality .
that there is no thing , no [being] we can call matter , or energy , or reality .

The entity that controls Chrysler is exactly the same entity that collaborated with the Nazis , not a descendant .
the [being] that controls chrysler is exactly the same [being] that collaborated with the nazis , not a descendant .

A corporation is not a moral entity ; it 's the corporation 's flesh and blood owners who are moral entities .
a corporation is not a moral [being] ; it 's the corporation 's flesh and blood owners who are moral entities .

The combined entity , with more than $ 20 billion in equity and $ 270 billion in assets under management , will be the biggest securities firm in history .
the combined [being] , with more than $ 20 billion in equity and $ 270 billion in assets under management , will be the biggest securities firm in history .

The number of items complicating talks with the Palestinians is staggering : left-over commitments from previous agreements ; questions of compliance and reciprocity ; a volatile Palestinian population , which can easily be incited to violent disorders ; a still-intact Hamas terrorism infrastructure ; and , of course , difficult talks on the future of Jerusalem , settlements , borders , and the outlines of a Palestinian entity , '' the paper said gloomily .
the number of items complicating talks with the palestinians is staggering : left-over commitments from previous agreements ; questions of compliance and reciprocity ; a volatile palestinian population , which can easily be incited to violent disorders ; a still-intact hamas terrorism infrastructure ; and , of course , difficult talks on the future of jerusalem , settlements , borders , and the outlines of a palestinian [being] , '' the paper said gloomily .

Instead , recognize man as a biological entity , and recognize economic processes and phenomena as those resulting from man 's interaction with the environment .
instead , recognize man as a biological [being] , and recognize economic processes and phenomena as those resulting from man 's interaction with the environment .

By definition , a disease is an entity that has a known etiology , and as she noted early in her article , the DSM avoids such issues , choosing to focus almost exclusively on description .
by definition , a disease is an [being] that has a known etiology , and as she noted early in her article , the dsm avoids such issues , choosing to focus almost exclusively on description .

Furthermore , while there have been no definitions or real elucidations , the discussions seem mired in the concept of a personal Christian-type deity , as though the ability to prove or disprove the existence of that sort of entity is in some way dispositive .
furthermore , while there have been no definitions or real elucidations , the discussions seem mired in the concept of a personal christian-type deity , as though the ability to prove or disprove the existence of that sort of [being] is in some way dispositive .

The Los Angeles Times , New York Times , and USA Today each lead with Viacom 's acquisition of CBS , a $ 36 billion transaction , resulting , if approved by shareholders and the federal government , in a huge new multimedia entity .
the los angeles times , new york times , and usa today each lead with viacom 's acquisition of cbs , a $ 36 billion transaction , resulting , if approved by shareholders and the federal government , in a huge new multimedia [being] .

He constituted the league as a `` single entity . ''
he constituted the league as a `` single [being] . ''

They argue that the single entity suppresses salaries and violates antitrust laws .
they argue that the single [being] suppresses salaries and violates antitrust laws .

Our grandchildren may look back at this as the year when the branch of the Cabinet known as Special Prosecutions started on its way to becoming the largest single entity in the federal government ( Motto : `` The Purpose of Government is to Investigate Government '' ) .
our grandchildren may look back at this as the year when the branch of the cabinet known as special prosecutions started on its way to becoming the largest single [being] in the federal government ( motto : `` the purpose of government is to investigate government '' ) .

Just declare New York City a separate `` entity , '' with its own balance-of-payments statistics .
just declare new york city a separate `` [being] , '' with its own balance-of-payments statistics .

The deal is justified only if the merged entity will grow faster , and be more profitable , than the two separate ones would have independently .
the deal is justified only if the merged [being] will grow faster , and be more profitable , than the two separate ones would have independently .

In all of them , scenes of repressive formality ( hoary English actors sipping sherry in drawing rooms ) would be shattered by scenes of Dionysian release ( Dracula or some other fanged entity swooping down in an animalistic frenzy ) , and an aristocratic figure of both science and Christian faith -- usually the crisply self-satisfied Peter Cushing -- would show up to lecture the frightened villagers and pound a stake through the heaving bosom of some temptress .
in all of them , scenes of repressive formality ( hoary english actors sipping sherry in drawing rooms ) would be shattered by scenes of dionysian release ( dracula or some other fanged [being] swooping down in an animalistic frenzy ) , and an aristocratic figure of both science and christian faith -- usually the crisply self-satisfied peter cushing -- would show up to lecture the frightened villagers and pound a stake through the heaving bosom of some temptress .

Once they are normal companies , the exchanges can issue more stock or bonds at any time ; it is much harder for a non-profit entity to raise money .
once they are normal companies , the exchanges can issue more stock or bonds at any time ; it is much harder for a non-profit [being] to raise money .

Not a single newspaper , magazine , or broadcast entity picked up TheStreet.com 's scoop that the SEC is investigating him .
not a single newspaper , magazine , or broadcast [being] picked up thestreet.com 's scoop that the sec is investigating him .

U.S. officials have alternately described this entity as an `` international peacekeeping force , '' `` international security presence , '' `` implementation force , '' and `` post-implementation force . ''
u.s. officials have alternately described this [being] as an `` international peacekeeping force , '' `` international security presence , '' `` implementation force , '' and `` post-implementation force . ''

The Post piece on Middle East repercussions depicts Netanyahu attributing the current situation to Arafat , quoting him saying that `` Arafat must make a choice '' about whether he wants his country to `` behave like a terror-sponsoring entity . ''
the post piece on middle east repercussions depicts netanyahu attributing the current situation to arafat , quoting him saying that `` arafat must make a choice '' about whether he wants his country to `` behave like a terror-sponsoring [being] . ''

They constitute a “ fifth estate , ” an entity as worthy of anthropological investigation as the Yanomama of the Amazon or the Dinka of the Sudan .
they constitute a “ fifth estate , ” an [being] as worthy of anthropological investigation as the yanomama of the amazon or the dinka of the sudan .

Noting that language is not simply a vehicle for ideas , but rather a material entity which may in fact shape those ideas , Mills states that a further aim of feminist analysis is to draw attention to and change the way that gender is represented , since it is clear that a great many of these representational practices are not in the interests of either women or men .
noting that language is not simply a vehicle for ideas , but rather a material [being] which may in fact shape those ideas , mills states that a further aim of feminist analysis is to draw attention to and change the way that gender is represented , since it is clear that a great many of these representational practices are not in the interests of either women or men .

In many rural areas west of the Mississippi , where counties can be as big as New England states and cities are few and far between , people do not associate closely with a city , town , village , or any other such entity below the county level .
in many rural areas west of the mississippi , where counties can be as big as new england states and cities are few and far between , people do not associate closely with a city , town , village , or any other such [being] below the county level .

One is drawn to conclude that the work is the product of some disembodied corporate entity .
one is drawn to conclude that the work is the product of some disembodied corporate [being] .

