# things, is better

The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities .
the court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate [being] .

Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities .
just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material [being] .

The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it .
the progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the [being] which previously populated it .

When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality .
when , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete [being] with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these [being] soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality .

As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images .
as in experience one is seized by given [being] and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images .

So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival .
so we are faced with a vast network of amorphous [being] perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival .

Perfect , complete entities , if they move at all , do not move towards what they lack .
perfect , complete [being] , if they move at all , do not move towards what they lack .

If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .
if art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense [being] '' .

For if the small group notion involves the implicit claim that the phenomena of sociological investigations are of atomic or subatomic proportions , the philosopher needs to know the extent to which such entities are valid .
for if the small group notion involves the implicit claim that the phenomena of sociological investigations are of atomic or subatomic proportions , the philosopher needs to know the extent to which such [being] are valid .

they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional [being] and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .

Although all separate entities , they do co-operate with each other as , naturally , they are all working towards the same ideal .
although all separate [being] , they do co-operate with each other as , naturally , they are all working towards the same ideal .

These abstract entities can not be seen , smelt , touched or heard , although the effects which they produce on our physical beings can be observed in these ways .
these abstract [being] can not be seen , smelt , touched or heard , although the effects which they produce on our physical beings can be observed in these ways .

Little or no account is taken of such corporate entities as manufacturers ' associations , the City of London and the educational system ; or of the whole range of institutions which sustain the British social system .
little or no account is taken of such corporate [being] as manufacturers ' associations , the city of london and the educational system ; or of the whole range of institutions which sustain the british social system .

Within the broad perspective of rural settlement studies it is most apparent that they are not static entities and their mobility results in their frequent desertion .
within the broad perspective of rural settlement studies it is most apparent that they are not static [being] and their mobility results in their frequent desertion .

The 1798–9 version of The Prelude ( or the first two books ) may be read at this point , and if the reader finds more to enjoy in the narrative sections this is entirely appropriate since they appear to have been written as separate entities and only later blended into a single poem .
the 1798–9 version of the prelude ( or the first two books ) may be read at this point , and if the reader finds more to enjoy in the narrative sections this is entirely appropriate since they appear to have been written as separate [being] and only later blended into a single poem .

She touched beautiful , unknown entities in unexplored regions .
she touched beautiful , unknown [being] in unexplored regions .

The word ‘ bugaboo ’ is Indian in origin , describing friendly male and female spirits who guarded children against other , more evil-intentioned entities .
the word ‘ bugaboo ’ is indian in origin , describing friendly male and female spirits who guarded children against other , more evil-intentioned [being] .

Charged with meting out rights and privileges for all beings and entities at the time of Creation , he carried a small leather pouch on one hip containing the charms for immortality and reincarnation , while a large stone bucket to his other side contained materials for instigating death and decay .
charged with meting out rights and privileges for all beings and [being] at the time of creation , he carried a small leather pouch on one hip containing the charms for immortality and reincarnation , while a large stone bucket to his other side contained materials for instigating death and decay .

It is fair to say , though , that against this basic drive all minds also possess a wish to ignore principles and concentrate instead on single entities regardless of their place in larger systems , to appreciate them simply for themselves .
it is fair to say , though , that against this basic drive all minds also possess a wish to ignore principles and concentrate instead on single [being] regardless of their place in larger systems , to appreciate them simply for themselves .

But they all counted as pieces on the diplomatic chessboard and enjoyed some sort of self-government ; it is convenient to regard them at this point as comparable entities .
but they all counted as pieces on the diplomatic chessboard and enjoyed some sort of self-government ; it is convenient to regard them at this point as comparable [being] .

His ingenious situation concerns very small homunculi from space , of the order of magnitude of body cells , who enter a human being in large numbers and colonize him to such an extent that he is eventually made up of small conscious entities .
his ingenious situation concerns very small homunculi from space , of the order of magnitude of body cells , who enter a human being in large numbers and colonize him to such an extent that he is eventually made up of small conscious [being] .

In addition to structures , therefore , there are also classes , and Poulantzas is anxious to keep the two categories apart — a desire which is particularly clear in his discussion of the relations which bind entities of each type .
in addition to structures , therefore , there are also classes , and poulantzas is anxious to keep the two categories apart — a desire which is particularly clear in his discussion of the relations which bind [being] of each type .

The point of distinguishing them is to show that ‘ social classes , although objectively determined ( structures ) , are not ontological and nominalist entities , but only exist within and through the class struggle ( practices ) ’ .
the point of distinguishing them is to show that ‘ social classes , although objectively determined ( structures ) , are not ontological and nominalist [being] , but only exist within and through the class struggle ( practices ) ’ .

Surely the real enemy must be those warped , fierce , cunning entities which feasted on vulnerable human beings who shone their lights unshaded .
surely the real enemy must be those warped , fierce , cunning [being] which feasted on vulnerable human beings who shone their lights unshaded .

Jaq learned the appellations of those great entities of Chaos : Slaanesh the lustful , Khorne the blood-soaked , Tzeentch the mutator , Nurgle the plague-bearer .
jaq learned the appellations of those great [being] of chaos : slaanesh the lustful , khorne the blood-soaked , tzeentch the mutator , nurgle the plague-bearer .

All too often , human beings showed a literally fatal attraction towards such poisonous powers and their sub-daemons ; as indeed perhaps people must , since those selfsame entities had agglutinated from out of the foul passions of once-living souls .
all too often , human beings showed a literally fatal attraction towards such poisonous powers and their sub-daemons ; as indeed perhaps people must , since those selfsame [being] had agglutinated from out of the foul passions of once-living souls .

Its combined psychic power will be vast enough to scour away all alien life forms and to purge the warp of malign entities .
its combined psychic power will be vast enough to scour away all alien life forms and to purge the warp of malign [being] .

a way of allowing readers to focus just on the appearance of logical objects , but authors to be aware of them as structural entities .
a way of allowing readers to focus just on the appearance of logical objects , but authors to be aware of them as structural [being] .

Experience of objects is mediated by the senses , and it takes some time before the child appreciates that objects are best understood not as functions of action and sensation , but as entities which have an existence that is independent of the child 's own actions and experiences .
experience of objects is mediated by the senses , and it takes some time before the child appreciates that objects are best understood not as functions of action and sensation , but as [being] which have an existence that is independent of the child 's own actions and experiences .

First , structural linguistics shifts from the study of conscious linguistic phenomena to the study of their unconscious infrastructure ; second it does not treat terms as independent entities , taking instead as its basis of analysis the relations between terms ; third , it introduces the concept of system … ; finally , structural linguistics aims at discovering general laws , either by induction ‘ or …
first , structural linguistics shifts from the study of conscious linguistic phenomena to the study of their unconscious infrastructure ; second it does not treat terms as independent [being] , taking instead as its basis of analysis the relations between terms ; third , it introduces the concept of system … ; finally , structural linguistics aims at discovering general laws , either by induction ‘ or …

Many of the grammatical and lexical oppositions in a language are not between equal members of a pair , but between two entities one of which is more marked than the other … .
many of the grammatical and lexical oppositions in a language are not between equal members of a pair , but between two [being] one of which is more marked than the other … .

Atomic particles in the cosmic rays show up as dark tracks , and then the hard work comes in interpreting them , deciphering their code , and learning about the basic entities of matter .
atomic particles in the cosmic rays show up as dark tracks , and then the hard work comes in interpreting them , deciphering their code , and learning about the basic [being] of matter .

In all of these discussions we have been talking about lifeforms as physical entities — creatures who , like ourselves , have bodies .
in all of these discussions we have been talking about lifeforms as physical [being] — creatures who , like ourselves , have bodies .

The rules will also allow groups of offices within firms to become authorised to provide training as single entities , instead of having to obtain separate authorisation for each location .
the rules will also allow groups of offices within firms to become authorised to provide training as single [being] , instead of having to obtain separate authorisation for each location .

However , in practice this exception has been interpreted as applying to similar contracts issued by other entities .
however , in practice this exception has been interpreted as applying to similar contracts issued by other [being] .

The new Statement now requires plans to report all investment contracts issued by insurance enterprises or other entities at fair value , except where they incorporate mortality or morbidity risk .
the new statement now requires plans to report all investment contracts issued by insurance enterprises or other [being] at fair value , except where they incorporate mortality or morbidity risk .

Proposals to create pan-European entities to reflect national concepts of the cooperative society , the mutual society and the association are not necessary , according to the Institute .
proposals to create pan-european [being] to reflect national concepts of the cooperative society , the mutual society and the association are not necessary , according to the institute .

At first , Iveco dealt with the different companies as separate legal entities .
at first , iveco dealt with the different companies as separate legal [being] .

Having to keep separate legal entities in every state , each with its own board and each obeying widely varying requirements of company law , is therefore an irritation to Iveco 's integrated European operation .
having to keep separate legal [being] in every state , each with its own board and each obeying widely varying requirements of company law , is therefore an irritation to iveco 's integrated european operation .

Although public sector entities may experience difficulties with the recognition and measurement of certain assets , the example the audited Crown financial statements have set shows that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets .
although public sector [being] may experience difficulties with the recognition and measurement of certain assets , the example the audited crown financial statements have set shows that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets .

Mr Hall is surprised that other entities have not used the direct method : he believes it supplies new , clearer information about a business .
mr hall is surprised that other [being] have not used the direct method : he believes it supplies new , clearer information about a business .

The natives know that it is not the actual paintings in the caves that activate the Kurunba but the rocks on which they are drawn ; the rocks being imbued with the ‘ spirit ’ of the entities depicted .
the natives know that it is not the actual paintings in the caves that activate the kurunba but the rocks on which they are drawn ; the rocks being imbued with the ‘ spirit ’ of the [being] depicted .

Even in their heyday they had been fluid entities which could be dormant in specific areas for years at a time , but the decline at the turn of the century was much more widespread than earlier fluctuations .
even in their heyday they had been fluid [being] which could be dormant in specific areas for years at a time , but the decline at the turn of the century was much more widespread than earlier fluctuations .

We shall ignore the epistemological issues , and certainly are not proposing to Platonize values as eternal entities on another plane of reality .
we shall ignore the epistemological issues , and certainly are not proposing to platonize values as eternal [being] on another plane of reality .

Indeed we no longer employ the word with full assurance , or are confident of what we mean by philosophical ‘ materialism ’ , now that we are forbidden to think of atoms as little balls out of which a universe could be constructed ; twentieth century physics has less substantial entities which would slip through one 's fingers .
indeed we no longer employ the word with full assurance , or are confident of what we mean by philosophical ‘ materialism ’ , now that we are forbidden to think of atoms as little balls out of which a universe could be constructed ; twentieth century physics has less substantial [being] which would slip through one 's fingers .

Berisford International ( food , agribusinesses and property ) has revalued the holding company 's investments in subsidiary entities at the year end to their underlying net asset values of £386.9m ( v £599.2m ) in its accounts for the year ended 30 September 1992 .
berisford international ( food , agribusinesses and property ) has revalued the holding company 's investments in subsidiary [being] at the year end to their underlying net asset values of £386.9m ( v £599.2m ) in its accounts for the year ended 30 september 1992 .

All instruments issued by reporting entities which are a means of raising finance , including shares , debentures , loans and debt instruments , options and warrants which give the holder the right to subscribe for or obtain capital instruments .
all instruments issued by reporting [being] which are a means of raising finance , including shares , debentures , loans and debt instruments , options and warrants which give the holder the right to subscribe for or obtain capital instruments .

Each case is individual and depends on the people , entities and issues involved .
each case is individual and depends on the people , [being] and issues involved .

Indeed , the Big Six statement is further evidence that , to these entities , rather than being a professional service , auditing is a business product whose economic viability is now in question .
indeed , the big six statement is further evidence that , to these [being] , rather than being a professional service , auditing is a business product whose economic viability is now in question .

By the same token , the business arrangements in many organisations are now regionally orientated , and it seems only logical to allow groups of offices that can collectively meet the Institute 's requirements to provide pre- and post-qualification training as single entities — or training office groups .
by the same token , the business arrangements in many organisations are now regionally orientated , and it seems only logical to allow groups of offices that can collectively meet the institute 's requirements to provide pre- and post-qualification training as single [being] — or training office groups .

The forces that permit , and even promote , smaller corporate entities are the same forces that permit , and even promote , smaller national entities : flexibility , accountability , motivation of the individual , innovation , freer world trade in both the physical and capital markets , and lower thresholds for economies of scale .
the forces that permit , and even promote , smaller corporate [being] are the same forces that permit , and even promote , smaller national [being] : flexibility , accountability , motivation of the individual , innovation , freer world trade in both the physical and capital markets , and lower thresholds for economies of scale .

Minds are essentially private entities .
minds are essentially private [being] .

The enormous flexibility of the systems approach has its penalties in potential confusion due to the highly variable relationship between functional and physical entities .
the enormous flexibility of the systems approach has its penalties in potential confusion due to the highly variable relationship between functional and physical [being] .

Systems theory is a useful way of identifying complex entities , particularly those which have a functional unity and of talking about relationships but it remains at some level of abstraction from reality .
systems theory is a useful way of identifying complex [being] , particularly those which have a functional unity and of talking about relationships but it remains at some level of abstraction from reality .

for example , to solve any design problem there has at some stage to be a switch from systems thinking to thinking in terms of physical entities because these are the things that can be created , precisely located and manipulated in the real world .
for example , to solve any design problem there has at some stage to be a switch from systems thinking to thinking in terms of physical [being] because these are the things that can be created , precisely located and manipulated in the real world .

Blocks may represent physical entities , topics , concepts , decisions , actions or processes .
blocks may represent physical [being] , topics , concepts , decisions , actions or processes .

They do not represent a complete list of the ‘ traditions ’ in English curricula nor are they timeless entities ; they simply represent three clear constellations of curriculum styles which recur in the history of the school subjects under study .
they do not represent a complete list of the ‘ traditions ’ in english curricula nor are they timeless [being] ; they simply represent three clear constellations of curriculum styles which recur in the history of the school subjects under study .

Provided further that this clause shall not apply to any claims initiated by , its agents , affiliates , employees , or other persons or entities related to .
provided further that this clause shall not apply to any claims initiated by , its agents , affiliates , employees , or other persons or [being] related to .

Initially it was believed that the general devolution to smaller administrative entities would , in itself , create the conditions for asylums to be closed down .
initially it was believed that the general devolution to smaller administrative [being] would , in itself , create the conditions for asylums to be closed down .

Non-governmental entities ( nges ) :
non-governmental [being] ( nges ) :

Brown and Yule reiterate Chafe 's views in suggesting that ‘ speakers usually refer to current given entities with attenuated syntactic and phonological forms ’ .
brown and yule reiterate chafe 's views in suggesting that ‘ speakers usually refer to current given [being] with attenuated syntactic and phonological forms ’ .

So , reference is a device which allows the reader/hearer to trace participants , entities , events , etc .
so , reference is a device which allows the reader/hearer to trace participants , [being] , events , etc .

Those languages which have number and gender distinctions in their pronoun system are less constrained in using this cohesive device , since different pronouns can be used to refer to different entities within a text with less possibility of confusion .
those languages which have number and gender distinctions in their pronoun system are less constrained in using this cohesive device , since different pronouns can be used to refer to different [being] within a text with less possibility of confusion .

As it faces the power of capital organized in interlocking but legally separate corporate entities , labour is now cut up into atomized units of which the boundaries are by law coterminous with the employers ' definitions of employment units in both private and public sectors .
as it faces the power of capital organized in interlocking but legally separate corporate [being] , labour is now cut up into atomized units of which the boundaries are by law coterminous with the employers ' definitions of employment units in both private and public sectors .

Corporate power is not merely a matter of the resources and market share of formally independent entities .
corporate power is not merely a matter of the resources and market share of formally independent [being] .

The latter , as separate legal entities , are also required to have boards of their own .
the latter , as separate legal [being] , are also required to have boards of their own .

It may be that what is important is not so much ‘ strategic choice ’ within national patterns of organization normalization but the patterns themselves , the way they differ from one another and form more or less coherent , nationally contingent entities .
it may be that what is important is not so much ‘ strategic choice ’ within national patterns of organization normalization but the patterns themselves , the way they differ from one another and form more or less coherent , nationally contingent [being] .

The book starts with a statement about the natural equality of all entities ( 1978 : 61 ) , which Simmel , writing in the Romantic mould , perceives as the first primitive imposition of subjective value upon nature .
the book starts with a statement about the natural equality of all [being] ( 1978 : 61 ) , which simmel , writing in the romantic mould , perceives as the first primitive imposition of subjective value upon nature .

At this stage , the sequence has developed towards what Simmel calls the relativistic world view , which he understands as contributing to certain attitudes to the world which comprehend processes rather than just entities ( 1978 : 101–8 ) .
at this stage , the sequence has developed towards what simmel calls the relativistic world view , which he understands as contributing to certain attitudes to the world which comprehend processes rather than just [being] ( 1978 : 101–8 ) .

He provides a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .
he provides a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over [being] , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .

On that view its international position consists of relations ( exports , imports , financial and other flows ) with other countries which are also cohesive national entities .
on that view its international position consists of relations ( exports , imports , financial and other flows ) with other countries which are also cohesive national [being] .

The international economy consists of relations between these national entities and is shaped by them rather than by a world system which dominates and determines national conditions .
the international economy consists of relations between these national [being] and is shaped by them rather than by a world system which dominates and determines national conditions .

The published , external reports of such entities are largely designed to inform the equity shareholders about the returns on their investment .
the published , external reports of such [being] are largely designed to inform the equity shareholders about the returns on their investment .

Even public sector business entities , such as the nationalized industries , find that although they may have a very dominant profit or financial target , they often have to take account of wider exogenous implications .
even public sector business [being] , such as the nationalized industries , find that although they may have a very dominant profit or financial target , they often have to take account of wider exogenous implications .

This ambiguity can be accounted for without the need either for two different elements enter , or two different elements again , if we regard the meaning of enter as being constituted out of more elementary semantic entities which are related quasi-syntactically :
this ambiguity can be accounted for without the need either for two different elements enter , or two different elements again , if we regard the meaning of enter as being constituted out of more elementary semantic [being] which are related quasi-syntactically :

This mode of explanation has been called methodological individualism , for it seeks to disaggregate all larger institutional and historical entities into the practices and relations of the individuals or groups who compose or inhabit them .
this mode of explanation has been called methodological individualism , for it seeks to disaggregate all larger institutional and historical [being] into the practices and relations of the individuals or groups who compose or inhabit them .

Entities and models can be considered as elements within the set that describes their assembly , and each of these geometric entities is considered to lie within a local space .
[being] and models can be considered as elements within the set that describes their assembly , and each of these geometric [being] is considered to lie within a local space .

It is thus possible to describe an assembly of entities making up a component as a set of elements , such as shown in Figure 2.2 , for both the geometry and the function .
it is thus possible to describe an assembly of [being] making up a component as a set of elements , such as shown in figure 2.2 , for both the geometry and the function .

Thus , the attribute description would relate to the association of prescribed entities , surfaces or Boolean space operations .
thus , the attribute description would relate to the association of prescribed [being] , surfaces or boolean space operations .

This is done as soon as some function is declared ( the simplest necessary declaration is that some solid entities are being entered ) and some volume exists , ie geometric entities that give more than a single coordinate value in each orthogonal direction .
this is done as soon as some function is declared ( the simplest necessary declaration is that some solid [being] are being entered ) and some volume exists , ie geometric [being] that give more than a single coordinate value in each orthogonal direction .

Once an enveloping box is established or an old one changed ( by the addition or movement of entities ) the geometric domain model is checked against that of the functional domain .
once an enveloping box is established or an old one changed ( by the addition or movement of [being] ) the geometric domain model is checked against that of the functional domain .

First , the offending geometric entities can be removed .
first , the offending geometric [being] can be removed .

Second , the entities with which it clashes could also be modified .
second , the [being] with which it clashes could also be modified .

Correct clearance between these entities can be established and checked against the desired relationships .
correct clearance between these [being] can be established and checked against the desired relationships .

In either case , relationships may or may not be specified across the boundaries or entities defined in the intersecting zones .
in either case , relationships may or may not be specified across the boundaries or [being] defined in the intersecting zones .

Interfaces into that space are permitted but the functionality remains unchecked as geometric entities exist in only one intersecting sub-space .
interfaces into that space are permitted but the functionality remains unchecked as geometric [being] exist in only one intersecting sub-space .

The use of spatial domains with a wireframe model provides a means whereby entities can be selected by their relationships to chosen domains .
the use of spatial domains with a wireframe model provides a means whereby [being] can be selected by their relationships to chosen domains .

Entities living in , passing through or avoiding sub-spaces or intersections , can thus be found and displayed .
[being] living in , passing through or avoiding sub-spaces or intersections , can thus be found and displayed .

This reduces the number of entities displayed and hence lessens the confusion .
this reduces the number of [being] displayed and hence lessens the confusion .

By careful selection of the spaces the number of entities can be reduced from literally thousands to just the important few ( see Figure 3.7 ) .
by careful selection of the spaces the number of [being] can be reduced from literally thousands to just the important few ( see figure 3.7 ) .

These may take the form of plane and ruled surfaces or surfaces of revolution defined between the boundary entities ; this group of surfaces defines simple geometric forms .
these may take the form of plane and ruled surfaces or surfaces of revolution defined between the boundary [being] ; this group of surfaces defines simple geometric forms .

This approach becomes difficult to use and understand when a large number of entities are displayed or when knowledge of the surfaces or solid parameters is necessary for the problem solution .
this approach becomes difficult to use and understand when a large number of [being] are displayed or when knowledge of the surfaces or solid parameters is necessary for the problem solution .

The topological instructions can be written as a hierarchical framework allowing edge , surface or solid representations to be constructed from the same group of nodal entities .
the topological instructions can be written as a hierarchical framework allowing edge , surface or solid representations to be constructed from the same group of nodal [being] .

The geometric entities of line , point arc , etc need to be assembled to provide a simple surface or facet representation .
the geometric [being] of line , point arc , etc need to be assembled to provide a simple surface or facet representation .

Due to the way the data is stored , the dimensioning on the drawing usually creates between two and three times as many entities as are used in the original model .
due to the way the data is stored , the dimensioning on the drawing usually creates between two and three times as many [being] as are used in the original model .

If it is the practice to add standard drawing blanks to each part file this again can use on average as many entities as the model .
if it is the practice to add standard drawing blanks to each part file this again can use on average as many [being] as the model .

It is therefore sensible to compensate for this increased entity description by attempting to rationalize what entities need to be communicated between workstations and company sites .
it is therefore sensible to compensate for this increased entity description by attempting to rationalize what [being] need to be communicated between workstations and company sites .

Whilst all drawn entities are eventually stored , the highest layers contain specific and well defined sets of information .
whilst all drawn [being] are eventually stored , the highest layers contain specific and well defined sets of information .

The process only terminates when no more entities or groups remain in the temporary work layers .
the process only terminates when no more [being] or groups remain in the temporary work layers .

To check clash , only entities in the interference zone need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .
to check clash , only [being] in the interference zone need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .

Far from being just the confluence of two solitary corporeal entities , sex represents a state of the deepest , most needed fusion in which the whole being can realize itself .
far from being just the confluence of two solitary corporeal [being] , sex represents a state of the deepest , most needed fusion in which the whole being can realize itself .

Meanings are not fixed entities .
meanings are not fixed [being] .

The latter are public entities , formulated in a public language , involving theories of various degrees of generality and sophistication .
the latter are public [being] , formulated in a public language , involving theories of various degrees of generality and sophistication .

single geographical entities , producing predominantly one product ) has remained fairly static over the last fifty years .
single geographical [being] , producing predominantly one product ) has remained fairly static over the last fifty years .

The destruction of the historic provinces and their replacement by ‘ artificial ’ entities — the new provinces — was at the root of the regionalist and nationalist movements of Catalonia and the Basque Provinces ; these looked to a revival of medieval institutions , finally destroyed by the legislators of liberalism , as the safeguard of local interests and true liberty alike .
the destruction of the historic provinces and their replacement by ‘ artificial ’ [being] — the new provinces — was at the root of the regionalist and nationalist movements of catalonia and the basque provinces ; these looked to a revival of medieval institutions , finally destroyed by the legislators of liberalism , as the safeguard of local interests and true liberty alike .

Estimates of the effectiveness of preventive approaches for 73 congenital abnormality entities were based on data from the registry , epidemiological studies ( such as for neural tube defect and Down 's syndrome ) , studies of the effects of , for example , genetic counselling in reducing further conceptions in families at risk , avoidance of alcohol and other teratogens during pregnancy , and early paediatric surgery in congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis , congenital inguinal hernia , ventricular septal defect , etc .
estimates of the effectiveness of preventive approaches for 73 congenital abnormality [being] were based on data from the registry , epidemiological studies ( such as for neural tube defect and down 's syndrome ) , studies of the effects of , for example , genetic counselling in reducing further conceptions in families at risk , avoidance of alcohol and other teratogens during pregnancy , and early paediatric surgery in congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis , congenital inguinal hernia , ventricular septal defect , etc .

The authors will supply , on request , the database of birth prevalences of different congenital abnormality entities and their references ; the database of 73 congenital abnormality entities that was the basis of this calculation ; and the data of congenital abnormality entities within different preventive approaches .
the authors will supply , on request , the database of birth prevalences of different congenital abnormality [being] and their references ; the database of 73 congenital abnormality [being] that was the basis of this calculation ; and the data of congenital abnormality [being] within different preventive approaches .

The world , the reductivist might argue , consists of certain entities and there properties and relations , and all facts , including 'negative ' facts , are literally facts about such entities .
the world , the reductivist might argue , consists of certain [being] and there properties and relations , and all facts , including 'negative ' facts , are literally facts about such [being] .

that things or entities constitute the hard core of reality .
that things or [being] constitute the hard core of reality .

It is assumed , in addition , that all significant propositions , irrespective of their truth or falsity , must in principle be explicable in terms of propositions about such entities as a condition of their significance .
it is assumed , in addition , that all significant propositions , irrespective of their truth or falsity , must in principle be explicable in terms of propositions about such [being] as a condition of their significance .

The scene is thus set for large-scale reductivist paraphrases , which in different ontological theories take on different forms , depending upon what kind of entities are regarded as basic .
the scene is thus set for large-scale reductivist paraphrases , which in different ontological theories take on different forms , depending upon what kind of [being] are regarded as basic .

To claim that things of a certain sort exist , it might be said , is no different , truth-functionally at least , from claiming that a certain disjunction of singular propositions about entities of which the world happens to consist is true .
to claim that things of a certain sort exist , it might be said , is no different , truth-functionally at least , from claiming that a certain disjunction of singular propositions about [being] of which the world happens to consist is true .

For to say that entities of a certain sort do not exist is to say , in effect , that not a single entity in the world has the indicated property , or properties ; or , expressed differently , that the relevant concept can not be correctly applied to anything .
for to say that [being] of a certain sort do not exist is to say , in effect , that not a single entity in the world has the indicated property , or properties ; or , expressed differently , that the relevant concept can not be correctly applied to anything .

First , its underlying assumption is that the number of entities that the world consists of is finite .
first , its underlying assumption is that the number of [being] that the world consists of is finite .

But the thesis that the set of basic entities is finite , while not altogether implausible , needs to be argued for , and as yet must be regarded as unproved .
but the thesis that the set of basic [being] is finite , while not altogether implausible , needs to be argued for , and as yet must be regarded as unproved .

Secondly ( as was pointed out by Russell , among others ) , even if it were true that the number of basic entities was finite , the proposed analysis still would not yield the desired result .
secondly ( as was pointed out by russell , among others ) , even if it were true that the number of basic [being] was finite , the proposed analysis still would not yield the desired result .

There are no recondite semantic entities over and above such similarities ; and if there are no entities , there is no identity either .
there are no recondite semantic [being] over and above such similarities ; and if there are no [being] , there is no identity either .

Not only are meanings not phenomenal objects ( in Kant 's sense ) ; they are not entities at all .
not only are meanings not phenomenal objects ( in kant 's sense ) ; they are not [being] at all .

They represent , in Russell 's colourful phrase , the realm of `` logical fictions `` , and while the life as we know it obviously would be inconceivable without great many of such `` fictions `` ( they include , among other things , all the spatio-temporal objects of our everyday experience ) , there are a large number of others which are neither very useful nor indispensable and should be carefully guarded against if we are not to end up with an ontology crowded with all sorts of phoney entities .
they represent , in russell 's colourful phrase , the realm of `` logical fictions `` , and while the life as we know it obviously would be inconceivable without great many of such `` fictions `` ( they include , among other things , all the spatio-temporal objects of our everyday experience ) , there are a large number of others which are neither very useful nor indispensable and should be carefully guarded against if we are not to end up with an ontology crowded with all sorts of phoney [being] .

By their very nature they are temporal entities .
by their very nature they are temporal [being] .

Things like pencils and tables and houses and electronic calculators , as well as living beings , are `` temporal `` entities in the sense that we can meaningfully speak of their life-span , their `` coming into being `` and `` going out of existence `` or `` ceasing to be `` .
things like pencils and tables and houses and electronic calculators , as well as living beings , are `` temporal `` [being] in the sense that we can meaningfully speak of their life-span , their `` coming into being `` and `` going out of existence `` or `` ceasing to be `` .

whether it is possible , and if so , under what conditions , for spatial positions to be an adequate individuating factor in the case of entities which are not , and can not be , simultaneously perceived .
whether it is possible , and if so , under what conditions , for spatial positions to be an adequate individuating factor in the case of [being] which are not , and can not be , simultaneously perceived .

Places are determined in relation to entities , which means that if places are to perform their individuative function , it is necessary to assume the numerical uniqueness of the entities that act as our frame of reference , and so once again we seem to be caught in a circular argument .
places are determined in relation to [being] , which means that if places are to perform their individuative function , it is necessary to assume the numerical uniqueness of the [being] that act as our frame of reference , and so once again we seem to be caught in a circular argument .

There is clearly no logical inconsistency involved in claiming , on the one hand , that relations must be regarded as a sub-species of properties ( in the broad sense of the latter term ) , and assuming that the world is an agglomerate of many different entities , on the other .
there is clearly no logical inconsistency involved in claiming , on the one hand , that relations must be regarded as a sub-species of properties ( in the broad sense of the latter term ) , and assuming that the world is an agglomerate of many different [being] , on the other .

properties that might be described as part of their essential description ( qua self-subsistent ontological entities ) .
properties that might be described as part of their essential description ( qua self-subsistent ontological [being] ) .

The ontological idealist , given his general metaphysical premisses , can at least argue that what we regard as `` physical bodies `` are really no extra-spiritual entities , for all entities are either spiritual or are explicable in terms of attributes of such entities , and although his position gives rise to all kinds of difficulties , he can , on the whole , present his case a good deal more consistently than a dualist can .
the ontological idealist , given his general metaphysical premisses , can at least argue that what we regard as `` physical bodies `` are really no extra-spiritual [being] , for all [being] are either spiritual or are explicable in terms of attributes of such [being] , and although his position gives rise to all kinds of difficulties , he can , on the whole , present his case a good deal more consistently than a dualist can .

Massey agrees that the fate of entities which are part of large spatially diverse enterprises can be related to explicit planning decisions , but considers that it is dangerous to somehow regard such actions as ‘ worse ’ than the consequences of the anonymous system forces of capitalism as manifested through market relations .
massey agrees that the fate of [being] which are part of large spatially diverse enterprises can be related to explicit planning decisions , but considers that it is dangerous to somehow regard such actions as ‘ worse ’ than the consequences of the anonymous system forces of capitalism as manifested through market relations .

These features make the life of reconstituted families very complex ; they can not be seen as enclosed entities in the same way as cereal-packet nuclear families are .
these features make the life of reconstituted families very complex ; they can not be seen as enclosed [being] in the same way as cereal-packet nuclear families are .

It is possible for speakers , hearers or indicated entities to be regarded from the perspective of more than one role . Consider :
it is possible for speakers , hearers or indicated [being] to be regarded from the perspective of more than one role . consider :

He assumes that entities referred to will remain constant , that the temporal setting will remain constant , that the locational setting will remain constant , unless the speaker indicates some change in any of these , in which case the hearer will minimally expand the context .
he assumes that [being] referred to will remain constant , that the temporal setting will remain constant , that the locational setting will remain constant , unless the speaker indicates some change in any of these , in which case the hearer will minimally expand the context .

Within the domain of a particular discourse fragment are the people , places , entities , events , facts , etc .
within the domain of a particular discourse fragment are the people , places , [being] , events , facts , etc .

Moreover , the coalition government so formed will not have to ( or even be able to ) face the electorate at the next election since the parties to the coalition will be free to fight again as independent entities .
moreover , the coalition government so formed will not have to ( or even be able to ) face the electorate at the next election since the parties to the coalition will be free to fight again as independent [being] .

Mathematics explores a mental universe ; and the characteristic way a good mathematical problem requires us to juggle imagined entities in seeking a solution has a curious fascination for all human beings .
mathematics explores a mental universe ; and the characteristic way a good mathematical problem requires us to juggle imagined [being] in seeking a solution has a curious fascination for all human beings .

The coming of chemistry revolutionized astronomy as the coming of terrestrial mechanics had done in Galileo 's day ; it accelerated the move from positional astronomy towards physical astronomy , where the stars are not simply fixed points but entities which have evolutionary histories and form part of great systems .
the coming of chemistry revolutionized astronomy as the coming of terrestrial mechanics had done in galileo 's day ; it accelerated the move from positional astronomy towards physical astronomy , where the stars are not simply fixed points but [being] which have evolutionary histories and form part of great systems .

As far as they are concerned , these discs are five separate entities .
as far as they are concerned , these discs are five separate [being] .

The Labour Party have rejected trusts as partly privatised entities .
the labour party have rejected trusts as partly privatised [being] .

Yet , Hurd 's suggestions implicitly assume that both states are stable political entities — which they are not .
yet , hurd 's suggestions implicitly assume that both states are stable political [being] — which they are not .

He has now achieved a similar reversal of consensus with regard to Clavierübung 111 and the Canonic Variations on ‘ Vom Himmel hoch ’ It has been too readily assumed that printed works were conceived as entities in their final form shortly before publication .
he has now achieved a similar reversal of consensus with regard to clavierübung 111 and the canonic variations on ‘ vom himmel hoch ’ it has been too readily assumed that printed works were conceived as [being] in their final form shortly before publication .

Exploration expenditure comprises all costs , including premium payments , associated with the acquisition of new acreage , the drilling of exploratory wells and other costs incurred in evaluating the commercial viability of geological entities .
exploration expenditure comprises all costs , including premium payments , associated with the acquisition of new acreage , the drilling of exploratory wells and other costs incurred in evaluating the commercial viability of geological [being] .

We can then think of a theory as a function in the mathematical sense , which assigns one set of entities ( the domain ) to another set of entities ( the range ) , and the question is , what are these sets of entities ?
we can then think of a theory as a function in the mathematical sense , which assigns one set of [being] ( the domain ) to another set of [being] ( the range ) , and the question is , what are these sets of [being] ?

Semantics is then not concerned directly with natural language at all , but only with the abstract entities propositions , which sentences and contexts jointly pick out .
semantics is then not concerned directly with natural language at all , but only with the abstract [being] propositions , which sentences and contexts jointly pick out .

Person deixis concerns the encoding of the role of participants in the speech event in which the utterance in question is delivered : the category first person is the grammaticalization of the speaker 's reference to himself , second person the encoding of the speaker 's reference to one or more addressees , and third person the encoding of reference to persons and entities which are neither speakers nor addressees of the utterance in question .
person deixis concerns the encoding of the role of participants in the speech event in which the utterance in question is delivered : the category first person is the grammaticalization of the speaker 's reference to himself , second person the encoding of the speaker 's reference to one or more addressees , and third person the encoding of reference to persons and [being] which are neither speakers nor addressees of the utterance in question .

Here we shall restrict the term to those aspects of language structure that encode the social identities of participants ( properly , incumbents of participant-roles ) , or the social relationship between them , or between one of them and persons and entities referred to .
here we shall restrict the term to those aspects of language structure that encode the social identities of participants ( properly , incumbents of participant-roles ) , or the social relationship between them , or between one of them and persons and [being] referred to .

( p. 43 ) .2 They do not distinguish sharply between animate and inanimate : thus `` the bush went away `` and `` a puddle of water lay across the trail `` ( p. 11 ) will be interpreted differently by the people and the reader : they attribute volition to such entities , we do not .
( p. 43 ) .2 they do not distinguish sharply between animate and inanimate : thus `` the bush went away `` and `` a puddle of water lay across the trail `` ( p. 11 ) will be interpreted differently by the people and the reader : they attribute volition to such [being] , we do not .

They saw `` may be interpreted as being ( almost ) literally true for the people , who regard parts of the body as independent entities , but metaphorical for the reader .
they saw `` may be interpreted as being ( almost ) literally true for the people , who regard parts of the body as independent [being] , but metaphorical for the reader .

It is in the nature of metaphor to present concepts as unanalysed totalities , without making clear the relations between the entities .
it is in the nature of metaphor to present concepts as unanalysed totalities , without making clear the relations between the [being] .

At the beginning of the novel the people are unconscious of self , to the extent that parts of the body are treated as independent entities .
at the beginning of the novel the people are unconscious of self , to the extent that parts of the body are treated as independent [being] .

The language suggests a partial fusion between entities ( implicitly identified ) in the minds of the people .
the language suggests a partial fusion between [being] ( implicitly identified ) in the minds of the people .

It juxtaposes two entities : it does not necessarily spell out connections between them .
it juxtaposes two [being] : it does not necessarily spell out connections between them .

Where a firm consists of a group of companies , knowledge possessed by one company within the group will not be attributed to another group company , as it is a clear principle of company law that companies are separate legal entities .
where a firm consists of a group of companies , knowledge possessed by one company within the group will not be attributed to another group company , as it is a clear principle of company law that companies are separate legal [being] .

This is caused by one of two entities .
this is caused by one of two [being] .

How to think about these two exhibitions , separated by time and place ? Do they re-enact the dichotomy within embroidery/stitch : constraint v pleasure ; content/form ; message/medium ; discourse v decoration ; exploration/elevation ; angst/celebration … Embroidery and its other ? At the Crafts Council : unproblematic and free from pre-occupation ; at Cornerhouse : alienated and in crisis ; discrete entities or mirror images ?
how to think about these two exhibitions , separated by time and place ? do they re-enact the dichotomy within embroidery/stitch : constraint v pleasure ; content/form ; message/medium ; discourse v decoration ; exploration/elevation ; angst/celebration … embroidery and its other ? at the crafts council : unproblematic and free from pre-occupation ; at cornerhouse : alienated and in crisis ; discrete [being] or mirror images ?

Still fully clothed , he stretched out beside her and drew her close , fitting her soft body to his hard one , making her ache for the complete union , where two separate entities merged into one and nothing and nobody else existed .
still fully clothed , he stretched out beside her and drew her close , fitting her soft body to his hard one , making her ache for the complete union , where two separate [being] merged into one and nothing and nobody else existed .

Archives and museums keep objects that hold information and they store information about the entities ( i.e .
archives and museums keep objects that hold information and they store information about the [being] ( i.e .

As long as the social scientist has adequate documentation on the data , the entities recorded , the variables covered and their possible values , he or she can proceed with analysis ( Marker , Reinke and Schürer 1987 ) .
as long as the social scientist has adequate documentation on the data , the [being] recorded , the variables covered and their possible values , he or she can proceed with analysis ( marker , reinke and schürer 1987 ) .

She is not interested in data as entities to be modeled but in texts as purposeful acts of communication which carry meaning and which are related to other texts .
she is not interested in data as [being] to be modeled but in texts as purposeful acts of communication which carry meaning and which are related to other texts .

Rather than being stored in clusters of papers in files , the layers related intellectually in a hierarchical manner , computer systems often save individual papers on the same level as discrete entities .
rather than being stored in clusters of papers in files , the layers related intellectually in a hierarchical manner , computer systems often save individual papers on the same level as discrete [being] .

Unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .
unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational [being] outside the object-centred museum establishment .

The hierarchical reductionist , on the other hand , explains a complex entity at any particular level in the hierarchy of organization , in terms of entities only one level down the hierarchy ; entities which , themselves , are likely to be complex enough to need further reducing to their own component parts ; and so on .
the hierarchical reductionist , on the other hand , explains a complex entity at any particular level in the hierarchy of organization , in terms of [being] only one level down the hierarchy ; [being] which , themselves , are likely to be complex enough to need further reducing to their own component parts ; and so on .

The answer , Darwin 's answer , is by gradual , step-by-step transformations from simple beginnings , from primordial entities sufficiently simple to have come into existence by chance .
the answer , darwin 's answer , is by gradual , step-by-step transformations from simple beginnings , from primordial [being] sufficiently simple to have come into existence by chance .

In single-step selection the entities selected or sorted , pebbles or whatever they are , are sorted once and for all .
in single-step selection the [being] selected or sorted , pebbles or whatever they are , are sorted once and for all .

The entities are subjected to selection of sorting over many `` generations `` in succession .
the [being] are subjected to selection of sorting over many `` generations `` in succession .

Entities zoom around in simulated three-dimensional space , colliding with each other , shooting each other down , swallowing each other amid revolting noises .
[being] zoom around in simulated three-dimensional space , colliding with each other , shooting each other down , swallowing each other amid revolting noises .

Searching a small space , with only a few entities in it , does n't ordinarily feel like a creative process .
searching a small space , with only a few [being] in it , does n't ordinarily feel like a creative process .

The term system is used here to denote any set of related elements where elements may be physical objects , abstract entities or human beings .
the term system is used here to denote any set of related elements where elements may be physical objects , abstract [being] or human beings .

Different forms of thought about such different entities are posited .
different forms of thought about such different [being] are posited .

And indeed , its function was explicit in its title , its purpose , the purpose at its most modest of trade unionism within a system of production comprising employers and employees , capital and labour , as separate entities which though necessary to one another were yet ultimately opposed .
and indeed , its function was explicit in its title , its purpose , the purpose at its most modest of trade unionism within a system of production comprising employers and employees , capital and labour , as separate [being] which though necessary to one another were yet ultimately opposed .

Nevertheless , except in one regard , the Industrial and Provident Societies Act of 1852 provided the basis on which co-operative societies of whatever kind could establish themselves as corporate entities .
nevertheless , except in one regard , the industrial and provident societies act of 1852 provided the basis on which co-operative societies of whatever kind could establish themselves as corporate [being] .

The theory of State responsibility may ensure the independence of the State in presenting its claims , but this should not obscure the fact that entities other than States have interests that may be affected by the outcome of the proceedings , and that the present process of international litigation , with few exceptions , pays no regard to them .
the theory of state responsibility may ensure the independence of the state in presenting its claims , but this should not obscure the fact that [being] other than states have interests that may be affected by the outcome of the proceedings , and that the present process of international litigation , with few exceptions , pays no regard to them .

Claims may be made by or against individual entities , or the international community as a whole .
claims may be made by or against individual [being] , or the international community as a whole .

It was in the interests of the Great Powers that they could not be held bound by a treaty to which they had not formally become a party while , as will be seen , a number of the exceptions to the classic rule enabled them to impose their will upon weaker entities .
it was in the interests of the great powers that they could not be held bound by a treaty to which they had not formally become a party while , as will be seen , a number of the exceptions to the classic rule enabled them to impose their will upon weaker [being] .

The law applicable to the claims by or against other entities must be articulated either by analogy to the Convention , or under general international law .
the law applicable to the claims by or against other [being] must be articulated either by analogy to the convention , or under general international law .

Thus , and apparently removing all doubt about French intentions to dismember Vietnam , when d'Argenlieu convened another conference at Dalat on 1 August 1946 to discuss Indochinese problems , there were representatives of Laos , Cambodia , and Cochinchina as well as the dubious entities of ‘ Southern Annam ’ and the montagnards of the Southern Plateau — but no Vietminh .
thus , and apparently removing all doubt about french intentions to dismember vietnam , when d'argenlieu convened another conference at dalat on 1 august 1946 to discuss indochinese problems , there were representatives of laos , cambodia , and cochinchina as well as the dubious [being] of ‘ southern annam ’ and the montagnards of the southern plateau — but no vietminh .

In comparison with the other two passages , this one has a rather low frequency of nouns ( 4 ) ; moreover , over half of these nouns are abstract ( 20 ) , referring to entities which exist on a social or psychological plane : effort , subject , terms , money , feelings and aristocracy all occur in the first sentence .
in comparison with the other two passages , this one has a rather low frequency of nouns ( 4 ) ; moreover , over half of these nouns are abstract ( 20 ) , referring to [being] which exist on a social or psychological plane : effort , subject , terms , money , feelings and aristocracy all occur in the first sentence .

So from our knowledge of entities and goings-on in the real world , as well as from our knowledge , acquired from the text , of the fictional world , we are able to postulate the nature of the fictional world , drawing inferences about matters not directly communicated by the text .
so from our knowledge of [being] and goings-on in the real world , as well as from our knowledge , acquired from the text , of the fictional world , we are able to postulate the nature of the fictional world , drawing inferences about matters not directly communicated by the text .

Entities are being multiplied with incredible profusion .
[being] are being multiplied with incredible profusion .

Even today excavation reports treat artefacts as separate entities neatly divided up according to material from which they were made , i.e .
even today excavation reports treat artefacts as separate [being] neatly divided up according to material from which they were made , i.e .

On encouraging capital flows it reads : ‘ By lifting the barriers [ facing ] the co-operation of economic entities and the citizens it should be made possible to utilize the individual savings for community purposes and to open wider and safer possibilities for the citizen ’ ventures .
on encouraging capital flows it reads : ‘ by lifting the barriers [ facing ] the co-operation of economic [being] and the citizens it should be made possible to utilize the individual savings for community purposes and to open wider and safer possibilities for the citizen ’ ventures .

But it is also to channel changes , as with the types of business entities envisaged by the Company Act .
but it is also to channel changes , as with the types of business [being] envisaged by the company act .

In the sphere of business entities , public companies limited by shares could only be formed with foreign capital participation under an Act of 1875 and under a 1972 Decree of the Minister of Trade , and limited liability companies could only be incorporated under a 1930 Act .
in the sphere of business [being] , public companies limited by shares could only be formed with foreign capital participation under an act of 1875 and under a 1972 decree of the minister of trade , and limited liability companies could only be incorporated under a 1930 act .

The fundamental weakness of the conflict thesis is its tendency to portray science and religion as hypostatized forces , as entities in themselves .
the fundamental weakness of the conflict thesis is its tendency to portray science and religion as hypostatized forces , as [being] in themselves .

These were envisaged as seedlike entities , introduced through air , food , and drink .
these were envisaged as seedlike [being] , introduced through air , food , and drink .

Van Helmont envisaged the natural world as a system of seedlike entities , seminal spirits that penetrated matter giving it specific properties .
van helmont envisaged the natural world as a system of seedlike [being] , seminal spirits that penetrated matter giving it specific properties .

For some years the convict prisons , already the responsibility of central government , remained technically separate entities , but both were brought under the dominant authority of one man , Sir Edmund Du Cane .
for some years the convict prisons , already the responsibility of central government , remained technically separate [being] , but both were brought under the dominant authority of one man , sir edmund du cane .

Sectoral policy can also lead to unexpected problems as protected national entities themselves attempt to compete in international markets .
sectoral policy can also lead to unexpected problems as protected national [being] themselves attempt to compete in international markets .

Lienhardt says of the similar Dinka way of conceptualising ‘ self ’ : ‘ Thus in the use of bodily imagery , the Dinka ( and probably other African peoples ) , and one of the most reformist of modern English philosophers , come together — the Dinka never having been entangled in the ‘ entities and quidities ’ of European metaphysics , the Waynflete Professor of Metaphysical Philosophy in Oxford having determined to get rid of them .
lienhardt says of the similar dinka way of conceptualising ‘ self ’ : ‘ thus in the use of bodily imagery , the dinka ( and probably other african peoples ) , and one of the most reformist of modern english philosophers , come together — the dinka never having been entangled in the ‘ [being] and quidities ’ of european metaphysics , the waynflete professor of metaphysical philosophy in oxford having determined to get rid of them .

But though the patchwork of random entities slowly yielded in places to more solid blocks , nevertheless between them many separate customs survived .
but though the patchwork of random [being] slowly yielded in places to more solid blocks , nevertheless between them many separate customs survived .

The second is the introduction of group representation theory in which groups are represented ( via homomorphisms ) by groups of matrices with complex number entities .
the second is the introduction of group representation theory in which groups are represented ( via homomorphisms ) by groups of matrices with complex number [being] .

The metalinguistic proposal ( Goodman , 1965 ) , so named because , at any rate in the first instance , it presents conditionals as being about other linguistic entities , is along the following lines .
the metalinguistic proposal ( goodman , 1965 ) , so named because , at any rate in the first instance , it presents conditionals as being about other linguistic [being] , is along the following lines .

While these national liberation movements in the Third World were in theory modelled on the nationalism of the West , in practice the states they attempted to construct were generally the opposite of the ethnically and linguistically homogeneous entities which came to be seen as the standard form of ‘ nation- state ’ in the West .
while these national liberation movements in the third world were in theory modelled on the nationalism of the west , in practice the states they attempted to construct were generally the opposite of the ethnically and linguistically homogeneous [being] which came to be seen as the standard form of ‘ nation- state ’ in the west .

Structural perspectives emphasise the important truth that societies exist and persist as solid , real entities .
structural perspectives emphasise the important truth that societies exist and persist as solid , real [being] .

If class membership is transmitted across generations ( that is , if there is little social mobility ) then it is more likely that these classes will become distinct social entities , differing in many ways in their social characteristics .
if class membership is transmitted across generations ( that is , if there is little social mobility ) then it is more likely that these classes will become distinct social [being] , differing in many ways in their social characteristics .

That is , structuration refers to the process by which classes become reproduced as real ‘ lived ’ entities , together with the way in which their structure is changed over time by social processes .
that is , structuration refers to the process by which classes become reproduced as real ‘ lived ’ [being] , together with the way in which their structure is changed over time by social processes .

Thus it is fine to think in terms of unobservable entities , provided that such theorizing results in statements capable of being tested .
thus it is fine to think in terms of unobservable [being] , provided that such theorizing results in statements capable of being tested .

There has always been an international dimension to civil litigation , and States have found it desirable to devote some efforts to easing the difficulties experienced by their citizens and business enterprises in pursuing or defending claims involving persons or entities in other countries .
there has always been an international dimension to civil litigation , and states have found it desirable to devote some efforts to easing the difficulties experienced by their citizens and business enterprises in pursuing or defending claims involving persons or [being] in other countries .

that the Hague Convention is to be employed with the involuntary deposition of a party conducted in a foreign country , and with the production of documents or other evidence gathered from persons or entities in the foreign country who are not subject to the court 's in personam jurisdiction .
that the hague convention is to be employed with the involuntary deposition of a party conducted in a foreign country , and with the production of documents or other evidence gathered from persons or [being] in the foreign country who are not subject to the court 's in personam jurisdiction .

This is the way certain entities come to have meaning as religious symbols .
this is the way certain [being] come to have meaning as religious symbols .

At the centre of the discussion is the question of whether the Chinese Wall is an appropriate , valid , and effective regulatory mechanism for neutralizing the increased potential for conflict abuse in conglomerates and one in which these corporate entities may generally place reliance upon .
at the centre of the discussion is the question of whether the chinese wall is an appropriate , valid , and effective regulatory mechanism for neutralizing the increased potential for conflict abuse in conglomerates and one in which these corporate [being] may generally place reliance upon .

Individuals and corporate entities who use inside information do so to make money .
individuals and corporate [being] who use inside information do so to make money .

This distinction is crucial , especially for entities such as financial conglomerates , which continually deal in information .
this distinction is crucial , especially for [being] such as financial conglomerates , which continually deal in information .

Equally , common law remedies are riddled with so many complexities that they are unlikely to exercise much deterrent effect on conglomerate entities operating behind Chinese Walls .
equally , common law remedies are riddled with so many complexities that they are unlikely to exercise much deterrent effect on conglomerate [being] operating behind chinese walls .

Instincts are mythical entities , magnificent in their indefiniteness .
instincts are mythical [being] , magnificent in their indefiniteness .

As the technical programmes evolved , they gave rise to commercial activities — such as selling fuel elements and graphite to the civil power stations — and as these matured it became the practice to spin them off as separate entities or to transfer the technology and the responsibility to commercial organisations .
as the technical programmes evolved , they gave rise to commercial activities — such as selling fuel elements and graphite to the civil power stations — and as these matured it became the practice to spin them off as separate [being] or to transfer the technology and the responsibility to commercial organisations .

It is loosely divided into Pure Mathematics ( concerned with developing a rigorous and logical framework for mathematical entities ) and Applied Mathematics ( the use of mathematical techniques and results in the study of other disciplines , eg Biology , Economics , Physics ) .
it is loosely divided into pure mathematics ( concerned with developing a rigorous and logical framework for mathematical [being] ) and applied mathematics ( the use of mathematical techniques and results in the study of other disciplines , eg biology , economics , physics ) .

The ‘ transnational relations ’ approach , therefore , is not a specific theory but more of an injunction to researchers to pay more attention to non-governmental entities , particularly when they are interacting with governments .
the ‘ transnational relations ’ approach , therefore , is not a specific theory but more of an injunction to researchers to pay more attention to non-governmental [being] , particularly when they are interacting with governments .

It focuses attention on observable phenomena , some of which may even be measurable , instead of highly abstract and often very vague relations between conceptual entities .
it focuses attention on observable phenomena , some of which may even be measurable , instead of highly abstract and often very vague relations between conceptual [being] .

The mole is the amount of substance of a system which contains as many elementary entities as there are carbon atoms in 0.012 kilogram of carbon-12 .
the mole is the amount of substance of a system which contains as many elementary [being] as there are carbon atoms in 0.012 kilogram of carbon-12 .

The elementary entities must be specified and may be atoms , molecules , ions , electrons , other particles , or specified groups of such particles .
the elementary [being] must be specified and may be atoms , molecules , ions , electrons , other particles , or specified groups of such particles .

The amount of substance is proportional to the number of specified elementary entities of that substance .
the amount of substance is proportional to the number of specified elementary [being] of that substance .

Notice that in each of these examples we are careful to specify exactly the entities or particles to which the amount of substance refers .
notice that in each of these examples we are careful to specify exactly the [being] or particles to which the amount of substance refers .

There is also a long standing and somewhat unique tendency in this country to treat front and back gardens as separate entities , the former being for parking and access , the back for everything else .
there is also a long standing and somewhat unique tendency in this country to treat front and back gardens as separate [being] , the former being for parking and access , the back for everything else .

For convenience company accounts are examined but similar considerations would apply to other business entities .
for convenience company accounts are examined but similar considerations would apply to other business [being] .

The opening of the stock exchange was the first step in the privatization programme announced by Prime Minister Jozsef Antall on May 22 ; shortly afterwards , on June 29 , the government detailed further plans to take effect in August , starting with bankruptcy proceedings against about 30 large state entities , the decentralization and splitting up of another 600 companies and the privatization of some 40,000 small service concerns , subsequently adding plans to create private farm holdings .
the opening of the stock exchange was the first step in the privatization programme announced by prime minister jozsef antall on may 22 ; shortly afterwards , on june 29 , the government detailed further plans to take effect in august , starting with bankruptcy proceedings against about 30 large state [being] , the decentralization and splitting up of another 600 companies and the privatization of some 40,000 small service concerns , subsequently adding plans to create private farm holdings .

Under the revised code new principles were introduced , notably ( i ) the penal responsibility of legal entities of public and private law such as companies , trade unions and political parties ( a measure aimed at new crimes such as fraud , hazardous working conditions and pollution ) ; ( ii ) the concept of an " instigator " of a crime ( who would be liable to criminal prosecution and punishment on a similar basis as the " perpetrator " of a crime ) ; and ( iii ) the extension of " legitimate self-defence " to cover defence of property .
under the revised code new principles were introduced , notably ( i ) the penal responsibility of legal [being] of public and private law such as companies , trade unions and political parties ( a measure aimed at new crimes such as fraud , hazardous working conditions and pollution ) ; ( ii ) the concept of an " instigator " of a crime ( who would be liable to criminal prosecution and punishment on a similar basis as the " perpetrator " of a crime ) ; and ( iii ) the extension of " legitimate self-defence " to cover defence of property .

Religions as sociological entities are not meant to be more than stepping-stones to an appreciation of the profound Mystery at the heart of reality .
religions as sociological [being] are not meant to be more than stepping-stones to an appreciation of the profound mystery at the heart of reality .

Entities , however powerful , which were non-sovereign or merely quasi-sovereign , were now generally agreed not to possess such rights .
[being] , however powerful , which were non-sovereign or merely quasi-sovereign , were now generally agreed not to possess such rights .

In the first half of the seventeenth century the Dutch East India Company , for example , still sent representatives of its own to negotiate with European powers ; but by its end any diplomatic activity in Europe carried on by non-sovereign entities was a curiosity without practical significance .
in the first half of the seventeenth century the dutch east india company , for example , still sent representatives of its own to negotiate with european powers ; but by its end any diplomatic activity in europe carried on by non-sovereign [being] was a curiosity without practical significance .

However , the diplomacy which really mattered had always been that of sovereign states ; this final withering away of the claims of other entities to conduct some sort of foreign relations of their own was merely a kind of necessary tidying-up , the clearing of an undergrowth of quasi-diplomacy .
however , the diplomacy which really mattered had always been that of sovereign states ; this final withering away of the claims of other [being] to conduct some sort of foreign relations of their own was merely a kind of necessary tidying-up , the clearing of an undergrowth of quasi-diplomacy .

But in every major state consular and diplomatic services remained separate entities .
but in every major state consular and diplomatic services remained separate [being] .

Among orthodox men of learning the biblical axiom that species are fixed entities established by God at the Creation gradually became qualified by the doctrine of plenitude , the Great Chain of Being , which declared that God , as artist creator , would necessarily have created all possible creatures in all possible worlds , and that the creatures which we now know on earth are but a fraction of those which exist in the universe .
among orthodox men of learning the biblical axiom that species are fixed [being] established by god at the creation gradually became qualified by the doctrine of plenitude , the great chain of being , which declared that god , as artist creator , would necessarily have created all possible creatures in all possible worlds , and that the creatures which we now know on earth are but a fraction of those which exist in the universe .

size and reputation of the entities concerned and the prospects
size and reputation of the [being] concerned and the prospects

The research is to uncover and outline all the elements upon which multiple territorial entities could arise .
the research is to uncover and outline all the elements upon which multiple territorial [being] could arise .

The term global commons refers to an assortment of geographical/physical entities such as the atmosphere , high seas and Antarctica , that are linked by their legal status of being outside national jurisdictions .
the term global commons refers to an assortment of geographical/physical [being] such as the atmosphere , high seas and antarctica , that are linked by their legal status of being outside national jurisdictions .

Before that there were many generations of cumulative selection , based upon some quite different replicating entities .
before that there were many generations of cumulative selection , based upon some quite different replicating [being] .

Our fundamental assumption must be that genes are ‘ selfish ’ entities , working for their own propagation in the gene pool of the species .
our fundamental assumption must be that genes are ‘ selfish ’ [being] , working for their own propagation in the gene pool of the species .

At most sites , strip buildings appear to have been constructed as independent entities , separated from their neighbours by either alleys or narrow lanes .
at most sites , strip buildings appear to have been constructed as independent [being] , separated from their neighbours by either alleys or narrow lanes .

The Banking Act of 1979 defined two new entities : ‘ recognized banks ’ and ‘ licensed deposit-takers ’ ( LDTs ) .
the banking act of 1979 defined two new [being] : ‘ recognized banks ’ and ‘ licensed deposit-takers ’ ( ldts ) .

Thus a matrix of ordered regions with disordered interfacial areas is formed , but , unlike materials with small molar masses , the ordered and disordered regions are not discrete entities and can not be separated by differential solution techniques unless the solvent causes selective degradation of the primary bonds in the amorphous regions .
thus a matrix of ordered regions with disordered interfacial areas is formed , but , unlike materials with small molar masses , the ordered and disordered regions are not discrete [being] and can not be separated by differential solution techniques unless the solvent causes selective degradation of the primary bonds in the amorphous regions .

One type refers to the geographical location ( both absolute and relative ) of spatial entities ( the points , lines and polygons considered earlier in Chapter 2 ) and the other data type refers to the properties or attributes of such spatial entities , for example the height of a point such as a hill top , the width of a road ( line ) or the area of a State ( polygon ) Table 7.1 ) .
one type refers to the geographical location ( both absolute and relative ) of spatial [being] ( the points , lines and polygons considered earlier in chapter 2 ) and the other data type refers to the properties or attributes of such spatial [being] , for example the height of a point such as a hill top , the width of a road ( line ) or the area of a state ( polygon ) table 7.1 ) .

One type of query refers solely to the absolute or relative locational properties of the spatial entities .
one type of query refers solely to the absolute or relative locational properties of the spatial [being] .

Other queries may relate to specific attributes of the spatial entities , or to combinations of these attributes , to the exclusion of any locational property . Examples of this kind of query include : How many states of the United States have a population greater than two million people ? What percentage of the area of New Jersey is classified as urban ? What is the population density ( persons per square kilometre ) of Alaska ?
other queries may relate to specific attributes of the spatial [being] , or to combinations of these attributes , to the exclusion of any locational property . examples of this kind of query include : how many states of the united states have a population greater than two million people ? what percentage of the area of new jersey is classified as urban ? what is the population density ( persons per square kilometre ) of alaska ?

The rows of each table refer to the spatial entities , whether they be lines , points or polygons , while the columns refer to the variables that are measured on these spatial entities ( Figure 7.6 ) .
the rows of each table refer to the spatial [being] , whether they be lines , points or polygons , while the columns refer to the variables that are measured on these spatial [being] ( figure 7.6 ) .

The synthesis of geographical facts relating to the locational properties of spatial entities and their associated attributes is a necessary counterbalance to analytical studies carried out in physical and human geography .
the synthesis of geographical facts relating to the locational properties of spatial [being] and their associated attributes is a necessary counterbalance to analytical studies carried out in physical and human geography .

An entity-relationship model views the organisation as a set of data elements , known as entities , which are the things of interest to the organisation , and relationships between these entities .
an entity-relationship model views the organisation as a set of data elements , known as [being] , which are the things of interest to the organisation , and relationships between these [being] .

Relationships between the entities are shown by lines between the soft boxes .
relationships between the [being] are shown by lines between the soft boxes .

The entities are quantifiable and can be represented as special tables , known as relations .
the [being] are quantifiable and can be represented as special tables , known as relations .

In the patient example , the fact that the person occurrence is female is important , so important that the patient entity may be split into two separate entities — male patients and female patients .
in the patient example , the fact that the person occurrence is female is important , so important that the patient entity may be split into two separate [being] — male patients and female patients .

In many cases , things that can be defined as entities could also be defined as attributes , and vice versa .
in many cases , things that can be defined as [being] could also be defined as attributes , and vice versa .

Entities participate in functions of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are required to support the functions .
[being] participate in functions of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are required to support the functions .

Entities and attributes are further distinguished by their role in events ( discussed below ) .
[being] and attributes are further distinguished by their role in events ( discussed below ) .

Where a relationship is linked to two entities ( as in the case of the examples in figure 3.3 ) , it is said to be binary .
where a relationship is linked to two [being] ( as in the case of the examples in figure 3.3 ) , it is said to be binary .

If a relationship is linked to three entities , as in figure 3.8 , it is said to be ternary .
if a relationship is linked to three [being] , as in figure 3.8 , it is said to be ternary .

Otherwise it is n-ary , with the value of ‘ n ’ equalling the number of entities .
otherwise it is n-ary , with the value of ‘ n ’ equalling the number of [being] .

Entities have to support the events that occur in the enterprise .
[being] have to support the events that occur in the enterprise .

Entities will take part in events and in the operations that follow events .
[being] will take part in events and in the operations that follow events .

Whereas relationships express the association between two entities , relations are a tabular representation of an entity , complete with attributes .
whereas relationships express the association between two [being] , relations are a tabular representation of an entity , complete with attributes .

Define the entities and the relationships between them
define the [being] and the relationships between them

It is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .
it is a top-down approach in that the [being] are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .

For each local area , then , the entities are defined .
for each local area , then , the [being] are defined .

The obvious and major entities will be identified first .
the obvious and major [being] will be identified first .

As the analyst is gathering these entities , the relationships between the entities can also be determined and named — sometimes they will be named in both directions .
as the analyst is gathering these [being] , the relationships between the [being] can also be determined and named — sometimes they will be named in both directions .

The normalisation process may well lead to an increase in the number of entities in the model .
the normalisation process may well lead to an increase in the number of [being] in the model .

The separate documents will enable the specification of entities , attributes , relationships , events and Operations .
the separate documents will enable the specification of [being] , attributes , relationships , events and operations .

The entity-relationship diagram given in Figure 3.17 shows the entities for part of a firm of wholesalers .
the entity-relationship diagram given in figure 3.17 shows the [being] for part of a firm of wholesalers .

Included in the figure are the attributes of the entities .
included in the figure are the attributes of the [being] .

It is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or attributes to the entities , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .
it is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add [being] and relationships to the model or attributes to the [being] , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .

It is also top-down , in that the entities are identified first and then more and more detail filled in , as where the attributes of the entities are identified .
it is also top-down , in that the [being] are identified first and then more and more detail filled in , as where the attributes of the [being] are identified .

Most data analysis techniques derive their data model is a set of entities which can be represented as relations .
most data analysis techniques derive their data model is a set of [being] which can be represented as relations .

The entities and relationships identified in the entity-relationship model can both be represented as relations in the relational model .
the [being] and relationships identified in the entity-relationship model can both be represented as relations in the relational model .

We will look at database mapping in detail in Section 4.8 , but in principle , when converting the conceptual schema to the relational model , entities become relations ( entity occurrences being the tuples ) ; the attributes are mapped directly , the key attributes of an entity will be the same as those of the relation ; and the relationships also become relations , their keys being derived from the keys of the relations taking part in the relationship .
we will look at database mapping in detail in section 4.8 , but in principle , when converting the conceptual schema to the relational model , [being] become relations ( entity occurrences being the tuples ) ; the attributes are mapped directly , the key attributes of an entity will be the same as those of the relation ; and the relationships also become relations , their keys being derived from the keys of the relations taking part in the relationship .

Subordinate entities are connected to the root and further subordinates connected to them .
subordinate [being] are connected to the root and further subordinates connected to them .

As a first approach to converting the conceptual schema to the Codasyl model , the entities are mapped to records , attributes to data items , one-to-many relationships to sets , and many-to-many relationships to two sets connected by a link record type .
as a first approach to converting the conceptual schema to the codasyl model , the [being] are mapped to records , attributes to data items , one-to-many relationships to sets , and many-to-many relationships to two sets connected by a link record type .

The mapping or transformation rules to convert the conceptual model in the form of entities , attributes and relationships , to a logical model which could be relational , hierarchical or network has already been touched on in the relevant sections .
the mapping or transformation rules to convert the conceptual model in the form of [being] , attributes and relationships , to a logical model which could be relational , hierarchical or network has already been touched on in the relevant sections .

The data model more closely matches some real-world entities .
the data model more closely matches some real-world [being] .

In the object-oriented model , objects represent some aspect of interest in the application area : they could be physical entities , concepts , ideas or events .
in the object-oriented model , objects represent some aspect of interest in the application area : they could be physical [being] , concepts , ideas or events .

This has its parallel with entities in the entity-relationship model , which will be represented as relations in the relational model .
this has its parallel with [being] in the entity-relationship model , which will be represented as relations in the relational model .

Thus objects include a much wider list of things than entities : indeed , a database schema or a data dictionary are themselves objects .
thus objects include a much wider list of things than [being] : indeed , a database schema or a data dictionary are themselves objects .

Compound recognition determines whether consecutive words are able to form idiomatic or compound lexical entities ( i.e .
compound recognition determines whether consecutive words are able to form idiomatic or compound lexical [being] ( i.e .

There are many other distinctions which the Aborigines make which we do not — an illustration of the fact that the world does not come pre-packed into nameable entities waiting for each language to pin its names on .
there are many other distinctions which the aborigines make which we do not — an illustration of the fact that the world does not come pre-packed into nameable [being] waiting for each language to pin its names on .

Our recognition of the importance of tradition and loyalties will permit the re-creation of historic counties as non-administrative entities .
our recognition of the importance of tradition and loyalties will permit the re-creation of historic counties as non-administrative [being] .

We have to recognise Serbia and Croatia as separate entities .
we have to recognise serbia and croatia as separate [being] .

She had been so deeply involved with her own emotions that she had lost the imaginative sense that is necessary if you are to see other people as independent entities , locked in their private worlds .
she had been so deeply involved with her own emotions that she had lost the imaginative sense that is necessary if you are to see other people as independent [being] , locked in their private worlds .

This technique shows the entities most likely to be mentioned by the reader and , hence , indicates which entities predominate for various reasons .
this technique shows the [being] most likely to be mentioned by the reader and , hence , indicates which [being] predominate for various reasons .

Project experiments have shown that any sound can be distracting as long has it has two characteristics : that is varies on content and that the stream of sound can be broken up ( or segmented ) into separate entities .
project experiments have shown that any sound can be distracting as long has it has two characteristics : that is varies on content and that the stream of sound can be broken up ( or segmented ) into separate [being] .

In Section 6.1 the covariant derivative is introduced and is found to depend on entities called metric connections which quantify how local vectors change when they are transported through curved space–time .
in section 6.1 the covariant derivative is introduced and is found to depend on [being] called metric connections which quantify how local vectors change when they are transported through curved space–time .

In a huge variety of ways and from a multitude of different per-spectives Derrida shows that nothing escapes différance , that there are no inviolate entities , that everything becomes part of what he calls the play of differences .
in a huge variety of ways and from a multitude of different per-spectives derrida shows that nothing escapes différance , that there are no inviolate [being] , that everything becomes part of what he calls the play of differences .

The concept of structure also has its risks and its dangers , even though it appears to be based on the idea of relations as opposed to entities or determining origins ( as we saw above in the discussion of the Prague School ) .
the concept of structure also has its risks and its dangers , even though it appears to be based on the idea of relations as opposed to [being] or determining origins ( as we saw above in the discussion of the prague school ) .

We can no doubt separate offer , acceptance and consideration for our convenience in treating of them : but they are logical and interdependent entities abstracted from the one entire reality which is bargain .
we can no doubt separate offer , acceptance and consideration for our convenience in treating of them : but they are logical and interdependent [being] abstracted from the one entire reality which is bargain .

In such associations , each partner is inevitably modified ; colours may be intensified or assimilated ; commonalities may be enhanced in ways that enable perceptual abstractions to be made without relinquishing any of the context from which the singled out entities draw life .
in such associations , each partner is inevitably modified ; colours may be intensified or assimilated ; commonalities may be enhanced in ways that enable perceptual abstractions to be made without relinquishing any of the context from which the singled out [being] draw life .

The picture is described as having been formed out of a series of anxious revisions which incorporate all that has preceded them so that there are glimpses of ‘ buried entities ’ to enliven gaps and edges .
the picture is described as having been formed out of a series of anxious revisions which incorporate all that has preceded them so that there are glimpses of ‘ buried [being] ’ to enliven gaps and edges .

1.3 At the simplest level , we assume that there are only two types of element possible in human linguistically structured thought , entities and properties .
1.3 at the simplest level , we assume that there are only two types of element possible in human linguistically structured thought , [being] and properties .

Elements of these two types contract any of four `` horizontal `` relations , belonging to the same level , with other entities or properties or both , as will be described immediately below ( it is probable that exactly one of these relations is specifically linguistic rather than being a relation implied by human mental activities in general ) .
elements of these two types contract any of four `` horizontal `` relations , belonging to the same level , with other [being] or properties or both , as will be described immediately below ( it is probable that exactly one of these relations is specifically linguistic rather than being a relation implied by human mental activities in general ) .

We may also say that the linguistic expressions ( or their meanings ) that appear in particular token constructions identify entities and properties ( and we shall feel free to extend this use of identify to the activity of the speakers and writers who use the constructions ) .
we may also say that the linguistic expressions ( or their meanings ) that appear in particular token constructions identify [being] and properties ( and we shall feel free to extend this use of identify to the activity of the speakers and writers who use the constructions ) .

Entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .
[being] , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .

Another way of putting this is to say that human linguistic thought is such that all particular thoughts ( whether expressed overtly or not ) can be constructed only in terms of ideas classified as either entities or properties , and put together by means of some combination of the four fundamental relations already alluded to .
another way of putting this is to say that human linguistic thought is such that all particular thoughts ( whether expressed overtly or not ) can be constructed only in terms of ideas classified as either [being] or properties , and put together by means of some combination of the four fundamental relations already alluded to .

Both entities and properties may be specified in more detail by extending them with elements of either type using this relation .
both [being] and properties may be specified in more detail by extending them with elements of either type using this relation .

The other constraint on the speaker is that the word-meaning chosen must also be one which is conventionally accepted as used for entities rather than for properties .
the other constraint on the speaker is that the word-meaning chosen must also be one which is conventionally accepted as used for [being] rather than for properties .

1.4 We should now immediately take account of the fact that few words serve solely to identify entities that a speaker wishes to mention .
1.4 we should now immediately take account of the fact that few words serve solely to identify [being] that a speaker wishes to mention .

However , ordinary nouns never strictly correspond to a structure like ( 10 ) ; the word bottles for example really demands an intensional representation which is already ( minimally ) complex ; schematically , it is : Taking into account the particular word-meaning used we might write either : ( The superscript e would tag the meaning as one which is conventionally used for identifying entities . )
however , ordinary nouns never strictly correspond to a structure like ( 10 ) ; the word bottles for example really demands an intensional representation which is already ( minimally ) complex ; schematically , it is : taking into account the particular word-meaning used we might write either : ( the superscript e would tag the meaning as one which is conventionally used for identifying [being] . )

We are calling the level of entities and properties , together with qualification and the other fundamental relations , the intensional level .
we are calling the level of [being] and properties , together with qualification and the other fundamental relations , the intensional level .

What is clear beyond doubt is that the level of intensional entities can not be identified with any level or world of objectively existing referents ; ( 25 ) is a perfectly coherent remark despite the fact that the speaker explicitly denies the existence of one of the principal participants in it : ( 25 ) If Jack had married , his wife would now be the dowager duchess of Luntshire
what is clear beyond doubt is that the level of intensional [being] can not be identified with any level or world of objectively existing referents ; ( 25 ) is a perfectly coherent remark despite the fact that the speaker explicitly denies the existence of one of the principal participants in it : ( 25 ) if jack had married , his wife would now be the dowager duchess of luntshire

1.10 It appears that nearly all languages make at least one division in the words of their vocabulary , morphologically or syntactically , or in both ways , between those which commonly do instantiate and those which can not instantiate entities ; the former are traditionally called nouns , and there is a very high degree of intuitive agreement in cross-linguistic identification of nouns precisely because speakers of even widely different cultures are disposed to agree in what they regard as entities rather than properties .
1.10 it appears that nearly all languages make at least one division in the words of their vocabulary , morphologically or syntactically , or in both ways , between those which commonly do instantiate and those which can not instantiate [being] ; the former are traditionally called nouns , and there is a very high degree of intuitive agreement in cross-linguistic identification of nouns precisely because speakers of even widely different cultures are disposed to agree in what they regard as [being] rather than properties .

1.11 Thus , our basic descriptive apparatus will consist of two ( primitive ) types of element , entity and property ( each represented by indefinitely many tokens ) ; and of the relations of qualification and equation , and of assignment ( as well as — with certain reservations — co-ordination ) which link entities and properties to one another .
1.11 thus , our basic descriptive apparatus will consist of two ( primitive ) types of element , entity and property ( each represented by indefinitely many tokens ) ; and of the relations of qualification and equation , and of assignment ( as well as — with certain reservations — co-ordination ) which link [being] and properties to one another .

Square brackets may be used to surround formulae taken as complex entities , round brackets in the case of complex properties ; scroll brackets will surround complete clauses .
square brackets may be used to surround formulae taken as complex [being] , round brackets in the case of complex properties ; scroll brackets will surround complete clauses .

If we say that such-and-such a group of words are the `` subject `` or that some other group of words are the `` predicate `` in a copular verb phrase , we are , by such observations , recognizing the speaker 's intention to construct expressions which will identify certain properties and entities , and to assign some of the former to one of the latter , so as to let an audience know what entities are under attention and which properties are claimed to hold for which entities ; we take this to be the essence of what goes on in the use and understanding of linguistic expression ( whatever the purpose to which individual acts of communication are directed ) .
if we say that such-and-such a group of words are the `` subject `` or that some other group of words are the `` predicate `` in a copular verb phrase , we are , by such observations , recognizing the speaker 's intention to construct expressions which will identify certain properties and [being] , and to assign some of the former to one of the latter , so as to let an audience know what [being] are under attention and which properties are claimed to hold for which [being] ; we take this to be the essence of what goes on in the use and understanding of linguistic expression ( whatever the purpose to which individual acts of communication are directed ) .

As we have pointed out , the distinction between association and ascription is precisely such an issue of the application of properties to occurrences of entities .
as we have pointed out , the distinction between association and ascription is precisely such an issue of the application of properties to occurrences of [being] .

There is less reason to baulk at the term referent , although a referent is , by definition , something outside language , and although we should prefer to speak of syntactic entities in order to keep in harmony with the assumptions we have been following throughout this text ; however the latter are the linguistic correlates of what are perceived as extra-linguistic referents , and the patterns of intensional relations are exactly the same whether there is an external referent or not .
there is less reason to baulk at the term referent , although a referent is , by definition , something outside language , and although we should prefer to speak of syntactic [being] in order to keep in harmony with the assumptions we have been following throughout this text ; however the latter are the linguistic correlates of what are perceived as extra-linguistic referents , and the patterns of intensional relations are exactly the same whether there is an external referent or not .

Other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( Chapter 7 and also Ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen These adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .
other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( chapter 7 and also ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen these adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of [being] ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .

In the first case of ( 21 ) , the subject is unquestionably Gustav 's chauffeur , and the range of possible referents or entities for mention is not further reduced when we come to the word sanest .
in the first case of ( 21 ) , the subject is unquestionably gustav 's chauffeur , and the range of possible referents or [being] for mention is not further reduced when we come to the word sanest .

Many scientists study physical forces , particles , molecules , organisms or other entities for which geographical or geopolitical boundaries are irrelevant .
many scientists study physical forces , particles , molecules , organisms or other [being] for which geographical or geopolitical boundaries are irrelevant .

Various authors produce tables to show that their measures correlate with research performance or productivity in particular areas , but there is no agreement on a ‘ best-fit ’ measure ; they are used to measure different entities , such as national performance differences , output per unit of funding , subject differences , and so on ; and they are often of limited predictive value to policy makers .
various authors produce tables to show that their measures correlate with research performance or productivity in particular areas , but there is no agreement on a ‘ best-fit ’ measure ; they are used to measure different [being] , such as national performance differences , output per unit of funding , subject differences , and so on ; and they are often of limited predictive value to policy makers .

Sub-fields in geology are characterised by differences in techniques , survey methods , and entities studied .
sub-fields in geology are characterised by differences in techniques , survey methods , and [being] studied .

It shall be determined particularly by private ownership , competition , free pricing and , as a basic principle , complete freedom of movement of labour , capital , goods and services ; this shall not preclude the legal admission of special forms of ownership , providing for the participation of public authorities or other legal entities in trade and commerce as long as private legal entities are not subject to discrimination .
it shall be determined particularly by private ownership , competition , free pricing and , as a basic principle , complete freedom of movement of labour , capital , goods and services ; this shall not preclude the legal admission of special forms of ownership , providing for the participation of public authorities or other legal [being] in trade and commerce as long as private legal [being] are not subject to discrimination .

Ten parts of South Africa ( not necessarily contiguous geographical entities but based on ethnic groupings ) have been designated by the government as " homelands " for Africans ; four of these ( Bophuthatswana , Ciskei , Transkei and Venda ) have been declared independent sovereign states but are recognized only by South Africa and each other ; the remainder ( Gazankulu , KaNgwane , KwaNdbele , KwaZulu , Lebowa and Qwaqwa ) are at various stages of " self-government " .
ten parts of south africa ( not necessarily contiguous geographical [being] but based on ethnic groupings ) have been designated by the government as " homelands " for africans ; four of these ( bophuthatswana , ciskei , transkei and venda ) have been declared independent sovereign states but are recognized only by south africa and each other ; the remainder ( gazankulu , kangwane , kwandbele , kwazulu , lebowa and qwaqwa ) are at various stages of " self-government " .

The analysis proposed here will therefore be in sharp contrast to theories of language which admit empty grammatical entities such as `` dummy do `` without a prior scrutiny of meaning .
the analysis proposed here will therefore be in sharp contrast to theories of language which admit empty grammatical [being] such as `` dummy do `` without a prior scrutiny of meaning .

As for to in its use with the infinitive , it signifies a relation between two spatial entities in time — the non-ordinalized general person incorporated in the infinitive and the often-ordinalized extra-verbal person of which the infinitive is predicated in a particular use .
as for to in its use with the infinitive , it signifies a relation between two spatial [being] in time — the non-ordinalized general person incorporated in the infinitive and the often-ordinalized extra-verbal person of which the infinitive is predicated in a particular use .

To appreciate his achievement , we must bear in mind that in his time Europe in general and Germany in particular had remarkably little awareness of Greece or Greek culture as distinctive entities , and insufficient enthusiasm for things Greek ( as opposed to things Greco-Roman ) to feel such unawareness as a deficiency .
to appreciate his achievement , we must bear in mind that in his time europe in general and germany in particular had remarkably little awareness of greece or greek culture as distinctive [being] , and insufficient enthusiasm for things greek ( as opposed to things greco-roman ) to feel such unawareness as a deficiency .

Another concerns the way in which selection acts , and in particular the target of selection : should we think of genes , or organisms , or populations , as being the entities which survive and reproduce , and upon which selection acts ?
another concerns the way in which selection acts , and in particular the target of selection : should we think of genes , or organisms , or populations , as being the [being] which survive and reproduce , and upon which selection acts ?

Figure 1 ( p. 4 ) pictures the simplest possible population of replicating entities .
figure 1 ( p. 4 ) pictures the simplest possible population of replicating [being] .

The crucial point to notice about it is that the entities whose ‘ fitnesses ’ are being compared are no longer individual organisms , but populations of organisms .
the crucial point to notice about it is that the [being] whose ‘ fitnesses ’ are being compared are no longer individual organisms , but populations of organisms .

Thus we are still using the Darwinian model of evolution by natural selection , but the entities to which we are applying it are populations , or species , and not individuals as in most applications of the idea .
thus we are still using the darwinian model of evolution by natural selection , but the [being] to which we are applying it are populations , or species , and not individuals as in most applications of the idea .

In radio broadcasting a small number of sonic entities suffice for the expression of all artistic thoughts ; the gramophone and the various mechanical instruments are evolving such clear sonorities that one will be able to write much less heavily instrumented pieces for them .
in radio broadcasting a small number of sonic [being] suffice for the expression of all artistic thoughts ; the gramophone and the various mechanical instruments are evolving such clear sonorities that one will be able to write much less heavily instrumented pieces for them .

The idea of church and state as separate entities comes later still , with the development of secular bureaucracies .
the idea of church and state as separate [being] comes later still , with the development of secular bureaucracies .

People usually make such declarations of opposition to other lineages , other tribes — not to entities which claim superiority .
people usually make such declarations of opposition to other lineages , other tribes — not to [being] which claim superiority .

People fell sick and died more often than they committed offences against others ; in the overwhelming majority of cases lineages collected contributions , and larger entities were not involved .
people fell sick and died more often than they committed offences against others ; in the overwhelming majority of cases lineages collected contributions , and larger [being] were not involved .

And people strove to emulate their creation , while telling themselves they were striving for purity as possessed by the entity , or entities , that had created them .
and people strove to emulate their creation , while telling themselves they were striving for purity as possessed by the entity , or [being] , that had created them .

Locke was not much interested in their exact nature : are they mental states or modifications , like waves in the sea , or mental entities in their own right , like flotsam on it ?
locke was not much interested in their exact nature : are they mental states or modifications , like waves in the sea , or mental [being] in their own right , like flotsam on it ?

There are , it was said , no essentially general entities , whether existing apart from particular things , or embodied in them .
there are , it was said , no essentially general [being] , whether existing apart from particular things , or embodied in them .

He had known an Irishman with similar hands ; hands that had seemed to perform as separate entities from the man himself ; acting on his behalf yet leaving his conscience free of responsibility for their actions .
he had known an irishman with similar hands ; hands that had seemed to perform as separate [being] from the man himself ; acting on his behalf yet leaving his conscience free of responsibility for their actions .

The relation between mind and body in this set of ideas is such that the two retain distinct properties and function as discrete entities .
the relation between mind and body in this set of ideas is such that the two retain distinct properties and function as discrete [being] .

The idea that minds exist as separate entities within bodies has been termed by Gilbert Ryle ‘ the dogma of the Ghost in the Machine ’ .
the idea that minds exist as separate [being] within bodies has been termed by gilbert ryle ‘ the dogma of the ghost in the machine ’ .

Impersonal entities can not overlook and reward worshippers .
impersonal [being] can not overlook and reward worshippers .

We speak of ‘ stars ’ and ‘ trees ’ as though they were entities which we had mastered in our post-Newtonian , materialist fashion .
we speak of ‘ stars ’ and ‘ trees ’ as though they were [being] which we had mastered in our post-newtonian , materialist fashion .

Recall that constructivism refers only to mental representations at the level of the input systems , as entities which can be translated , more or less directly , into the language of neuropsychology .
recall that constructivism refers only to mental representations at the level of the input systems , as [being] which can be translated , more or less directly , into the language of neuropsychology .

First , there is the dualist 's argument that mental processes can not be physical processes because physical entities — such as neurons - lack certain qualities — such as intentionality or consciousness — that characterize the mental .
first , there is the dualist 's argument that mental processes can not be physical processes because physical [being] — such as neurons - lack certain qualities — such as intentionality or consciousness — that characterize the mental .

Their ontological status is therefore every bit as secure as the status of unobserved theoretical entities in other sciences ( for example quarks in subatomic physics ) .
their ontological status is therefore every bit as secure as the status of unobserved theoretical [being] in other sciences ( for example quarks in subatomic physics ) .

Sainthood and mercy are entities of the most considerable sort in Leonard Cohen 's work , as we shall see .
sainthood and mercy are [being] of the most considerable sort in leonard cohen 's work , as we shall see .

He himself was convinced that they were separate entities , and decided to prove this once and for all by inoculating himself with pus from a patient with a gonococcal discharge .
he himself was convinced that they were separate [being] , and decided to prove this once and for all by inoculating himself with pus from a patient with a gonococcal discharge .

It dealt with Rastafarian spiritual entities such as Jah or with ganja ( marihuana ) which were not part of the skinhead scene .
it dealt with rastafarian spiritual [being] such as jah or with ganja ( marihuana ) which were not part of the skinhead scene .

The symbolic reproduces this imaginary in discrete , regulated entities — small , discontinuous , easily consumable like the bits of information on a computer screen , like the items in the supermarket , like the small , framed and mirrored segments of the glass-skinned skyscrapers that offer us gleaming reflections of our lives from moment to moment in the high-income , high-tech regions of the American urban environment .
the symbolic reproduces this imaginary in discrete , regulated [being] — small , discontinuous , easily consumable like the bits of information on a computer screen , like the items in the supermarket , like the small , framed and mirrored segments of the glass-skinned skyscrapers that offer us gleaming reflections of our lives from moment to moment in the high-income , high-tech regions of the american urban environment .

The academic scientist who seeks and identifies a new chemical messenger is providing his industrial colleagues with the basis for a whole new range of drugs , and the industrial pharmacologist who screens a range of new chemical entities and finds one which alters the behaviour of the brain is offering a new tool for his academic brethren .
the academic scientist who seeks and identifies a new chemical messenger is providing his industrial colleagues with the basis for a whole new range of drugs , and the industrial pharmacologist who screens a range of new chemical [being] and finds one which alters the behaviour of the brain is offering a new tool for his academic brethren .

But she has no intention of changing course now as she believes that , run as separate entities , the shops remain manageable and provide a strong incentive to succeed for the franchisees .
but she has no intention of changing course now as she believes that , run as separate [being] , the shops remain manageable and provide a strong incentive to succeed for the franchisees .

This chapter addresses the problem of handling these fleas , not as extraordinary ideas , nor even as physical entities , but as units of information .
this chapter addresses the problem of handling these fleas , not as extraordinary ideas , nor even as physical [being] , but as units of information .

At the most analytically simple , the difficulties remain as unexplored discrete entities or black boxes , which then have to be removed or steered round in the formulation of a conservation project or policy .
at the most analytically simple , the difficulties remain as unexplored discrete [being] or black boxes , which then have to be removed or steered round in the formulation of a conservation project or policy .

The nature and interrelationship between these entities is a difficult and debated subject , and readers are referred to some of the best-known texts on the subject .
the nature and interrelationship between these [being] is a difficult and debated subject , and readers are referred to some of the best-known texts on the subject .

Freight and parcels had always been seen as distinct entities , and these naturally formed two of the new sectors .
freight and parcels had always been seen as distinct [being] , and these naturally formed two of the new sectors .

If discourses articulate concepts through a system or signs which signify by means or their relationship to each other rather than to entities in the world , and ir literature is a signifying practice , all it can reflect is the order inscribed in particular discourses , not the nature or the world .
if discourses articulate concepts through a system or signs which signify by means or their relationship to each other rather than to [being] in the world , and ir literature is a signifying practice , all it can reflect is the order inscribed in particular discourses , not the nature or the world .

The New Historicism refuses to treat the literary works of the past as transcendent entities , removed from social and historical contexts , and embodying supposedly timeless values .
the new historicism refuses to treat the literary works of the past as transcendent [being] , removed from social and historical contexts , and embodying supposedly timeless values .

Nations are , he says , the basis of the State , and national struggles derive not from social classes but from historical entities called nations .
nations are , he says , the basis of the state , and national struggles derive not from social classes but from historical [being] called nations .

Each nation is seen as a kind of family , clan or tribe , assuming these entities denote common descent .
each nation is seen as a kind of family , clan or tribe , assuming these [being] denote common descent .

The imperial States , as political entities , seemed to dominate all economic matters .
the imperial states , as political [being] , seemed to dominate all economic matters .

The political entities of the twentieth century are the survivors of a ferocious rivalry .
the political [being] of the twentieth century are the survivors of a ferocious rivalry .

In the end , the State system of our own times scarcely permits the fashioning of new territorial entities .
in the end , the state system of our own times scarcely permits the fashioning of new territorial [being] .

The next target was a single unified world , an international workers ’ republic , where — in Europe , at least — there would be no room for separate national political entities .
the next target was a single unified world , an international workers ’ republic , where — in europe , at least — there would be no room for separate national political [being] .

This suggestion was certainly not accepted , and in his reply Frederick Barbarossa made it clear that the empire was independent of the papacy , no matter how closely tied the two entities were through political and religious motives and history .
this suggestion was certainly not accepted , and in his reply frederick barbarossa made it clear that the empire was independent of the papacy , no matter how closely tied the two [being] were through political and religious motives and history .

One idea was that they roll downslope from the submarine volcanic vent like plastic bags full of water , before piling up on top of one another ; another was that they whizzed along the sea bed , supported by a cushion of collapsing steam bubbles ; while a third suggested that ‘ pillows ’ are n't separate entities at all , but long , worm-like tubes whose thickness varies along their length .
one idea was that they roll downslope from the submarine volcanic vent like plastic bags full of water , before piling up on top of one another ; another was that they whizzed along the sea bed , supported by a cushion of collapsing steam bubbles ; while a third suggested that ‘ pillows ’ are n't separate [being] at all , but long , worm-like tubes whose thickness varies along their length .

Describing natural phenomena under separate headings always has the unwelcome implication that they can be considered as separate entities , each in its own water-tight compartment .
describing natural phenomena under separate headings always has the unwelcome implication that they can be considered as separate [being] , each in its own water-tight compartment .

Marketing thrives in an atmosphere where the future direction of the corporate entities it serves are chartable .
marketing thrives in an atmosphere where the future direction of the corporate [being] it serves are chartable .

For many years , tram and bus crews operated as separate entities , but to cope with the seasonal demand for drivers , bus crews worked overtime on trams .
for many years , tram and bus crews operated as separate [being] , but to cope with the seasonal demand for drivers , bus crews worked overtime on trams .

Rule of simple proportion by which , given the relationship of two entities , the proportional relationship of a third can be discovered .
rule of simple proportion by which , given the relationship of two [being] , the proportional relationship of a third can be discovered .

Shirley MacLaine , according to her autobiography , similarly relies on contacting disembodied entities through various mediums .
shirley maclaine , according to her autobiography , similarly relies on contacting disembodied [being] through various mediums .

This implies a decline in the role of the school as the sole agent of the delivery of education , and the emergence of new organisational entities nourished by partnerships .
this implies a decline in the role of the school as the sole agent of the delivery of education , and the emergence of new organisational [being] nourished by partnerships .

preferences for more focused or salient entities as the referents of pronouns and other anaphors ( e.g. Sidner 1979a ; Alshawi 1987 ) .
preferences for more focused or salient [being] as the referents of pronouns and other anaphors ( e.g. sidner 1979a ; alshawi 1987 ) .

The new councils were to be managed , like business corporations , as single entities with overall strategies , rather than an accumulation of individual decisions made by separate departments or committees .
the new councils were to be managed , like business corporations , as single [being] with overall strategies , rather than an accumulation of individual decisions made by separate departments or committees .

He can do no better than argue that it involves apprehending things simultaneously rather than in succession though he does not explain how the successful mystic can transcend the limits of the magic number seven , which most psychologists agree is the maximum number of entities that can simultaneously be held before the mind .
he can do no better than argue that it involves apprehending things simultaneously rather than in succession though he does not explain how the successful mystic can transcend the limits of the magic number seven , which most psychologists agree is the maximum number of [being] that can simultaneously be held before the mind .

The structure of a cell 's genetic material may soon be appreciated to be much more fluid than previously supposed , with a grey area emerging between truly chromosomal genetic material and the mobile genes of transposons , viruses , and as yet undiscovered entities .
the structure of a cell 's genetic material may soon be appreciated to be much more fluid than previously supposed , with a grey area emerging between truly chromosomal genetic material and the mobile genes of transposons , viruses , and as yet undiscovered [being] .

Imperial College arose from the unification of three main entities — the Royal College of Chemistry , the School of Mines and the City and Guilds Institute .
imperial college arose from the unification of three main [being] — the royal college of chemistry , the school of mines and the city and guilds institute .

For some inexplicable reason , professional firms have previously considered that the.financial management procedures relevant to corporate entities bore little relevance to a professional services partnership .
for some inexplicable reason , professional firms have previously considered that the.financial management procedures relevant to corporate [being] bore little relevance to a professional services partnership .

They do what they have to do as whole entities , further integrated into the greater wholeness of soul , Mind and nature .
they do what they have to do as whole [being] , further integrated into the greater wholeness of soul , mind and nature .

Considering the deeper aspects of being alive , one notices , too , that the higher the consciousness , then the greater is the capacity for both love and the awareness of other creatures as living entities .
considering the deeper aspects of being alive , one notices , too , that the higher the consciousness , then the greater is the capacity for both love and the awareness of other creatures as living [being] .

Ancient sites have traditionally been recognized as the haunts of beings or entities from worlds other than the everyday .
ancient sites have traditionally been recognized as the haunts of beings or [being] from worlds other than the everyday .

Ancient peoples and those living in country districts must have been more sensitive to nature spirits , or the entities underlying physical form .
ancient peoples and those living in country districts must have been more sensitive to nature spirits , or the [being] underlying physical form .

Similarly , the energy at sites may interact with certain individuals to create altered states of consciousness , which enables them to see more easily the variety of legendary entities which traditionally inhabit such locations .
similarly , the energy at sites may interact with certain individuals to create altered states of consciousness , which enables them to see more easily the variety of legendary [being] which traditionally inhabit such locations .

Many of the definitions given are very general , for example that of Scriven : ‘ evaluation attempts to answer certain types of questions about certain entities ’ .
many of the definitions given are very general , for example that of scriven : ‘ evaluation attempts to answer certain types of questions about certain [being] ’ .

It helped to develop valuable projects ; it utilized market skills in the implementation of schemes ; and it began that process of integrating central-government departments into corporate entities through which regional problems might be better addressed .
it helped to develop valuable projects ; it utilized market skills in the implementation of schemes ; and it began that process of integrating central-government departments into corporate [being] through which regional problems might be better addressed .

For example , all babies gradually distinguish objects and people in their surroundings and realize that these entities continue to exist when out of sight .
for example , all babies gradually distinguish objects and people in their surroundings and realize that these [being] continue to exist when out of sight .

Some are organized by church groups , but recently others have been organized for commercial purposes by city entities .
some are organized by church groups , but recently others have been organized for commercial purposes by city [being] .

In addition many Internet web sites have been established by health organizations , individual folklorists , and other entities for the purpose of collecting and disseminating information about homeopathic and herbal healing .
in addition many internet web sites have been established by health organizations , individual folklorists , and other [being] for the purpose of collecting and disseminating information about homeopathic and herbal healing .

A more compelling reading of “ All men are created equal ” would be that all human beings are equal among themselves as well as being equal as collective entities .
a more compelling reading of “ all men are created equal ” would be that all human beings are equal among themselves as well as being equal as collective [being] .

At the same time , however , the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “ men ” as collective entities : “ all peoples have equal status. ” It was not particularly novel to argue that all nations , all states , had an equal claim to govern themselves .
at the same time , however , the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “ men ” as collective [being] : “ all peoples have equal status. ” it was not particularly novel to argue that all nations , all states , had an equal claim to govern themselves .

Second , living entities = bacteria , plants , and animals = manipulate the world on their own behalf : the bacterium swimming upstream in a glucose gradient that is easily said to be going to get “ dinner ” ; the paramecium , cilia beating like a Roman warship ’ s oars , hot after the bacterium ; we humans earning our livings .
second , living [being] = bacteria , plants , and animals = manipulate the world on their own behalf : the bacterium swimming upstream in a glucose gradient that is easily said to be going to get “ dinner ” ; the paramecium , cilia beating like a roman warship ’ s oars , hot after the bacterium ; we humans earning our livings .

With respect to my comment above about the broken symmetries eventually hitting the Heisenberg uncertainty limit on the volumes in each microstate , it is probably of more than passing interest that real living entities , cells , do straddle the classical and quantum boundary .
with respect to my comment above about the broken symmetries eventually hitting the heisenberg uncertainty limit on the volumes in each microstate , it is probably of more than passing interest that real living [being] , cells , do straddle the classical and quantum boundary .

If there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to increase the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living entities must eventually hit the Heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .
if there is a tendency of coevolving autonomous agents to increase the diversity of alternative events that can occur , then living [being] must eventually hit the heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide at least partially in the quantum realm .

Indeed , the hypothesis that living entities must eventually abut and even transgress the Heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide partially in the quantum realm leads to an intriguing hypothesis .
indeed , the hypothesis that living [being] must eventually abut and even transgress the heisenberg uncertainty limit and abide partially in the quantum realm leads to an intriguing hypothesis .

As John McCaskill , another theoretical physicist-chemist in the Eigen-Schuster group , points out , no one has succeeded so far in creating an algorithmic system of reproducing entities that generates impressive hierarchical agents or persistent , increasingly complex organization .
as john mccaskill , another theoretical physicist-chemist in the eigen-schuster group , points out , no one has succeeded so far in creating an algorithmic system of reproducing [being] that generates impressive hierarchical agents or persistent , increasingly complex organization .

Why didn ’ t Walter find these higher-order entities ?
why didn ’ t walter find these higher-order [being] ?

The graph is “ bipartite ” because there are two types of entities , nodes , and hyperedges , representing objects and transformations .
the graph is “ bipartite ” because there are two types of [being] , nodes , and hyperedges , representing objects and transformations .

In the linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes , the universe as a whole advances autocatalytically into its adjacent possible , driven by the very increase of diversity by which novel displacements from equilibrium come into existence , are detected , are coupled to , and come to drive the endergonic creation of novel kinds of molecules and other entities .
in the linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes , the universe as a whole advances autocatalytically into its adjacent possible , driven by the very increase of diversity by which novel displacements from equilibrium come into existence , are detected , are coupled to , and come to drive the endergonic creation of novel kinds of molecules and other [being] .

Entities and operations are deeply similar , as we will explore further below .
[being] and operations are deeply similar , as we will explore further below .

The universe as a whole from galaxies to planetary systems , and certainly our and any other biospheres is filled with entities that measure displacements from equilibrium that are sources of energy , those entities actually do extract work .
the universe as a whole from galaxies to planetary systems , and certainly our and any other biospheres is filled with [being] that measure displacements from equilibrium that are sources of energy , those [being] actually do extract work .

That emerging organization concerns the appearance in the evolving universe of entities measuring relevant rather than nonrelevant properties of nonequilibrium systems , by which they identify sources of energy that can perform work .
that emerging organization concerns the appearance in the evolving universe of [being] measuring relevant rather than nonrelevant properties of nonequilibrium systems , by which they identify sources of energy that can perform work .

Then physical entities appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .
then physical [being] appear that construct constraints on and couplings to the release of the identified source of energy whereby the energy is actually released and work comes to be performed .

Such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .
such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and [being] that harbor constraints on the release of energy , which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release .

I believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes , structures , and energy sources ; propagation of measurements ; detection of useful sources of energy ; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to extract work and progressively build up still further new structures , energy sources , and processes all as a function of the current diversity of structures , transformation processes , and measuring and coupling entities .
i believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes , structures , and energy sources ; propagation of measurements ; detection of useful sources of energy ; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to extract work and progressively build up still further new structures , energy sources , and processes all as a function of the current diversity of structures , transformation processes , and measuring and coupling [being] .

There is not the slightest doubt , for example , that such entities have come into existence in our biosphere as autonomous agents have coevolved over the eons .
there is not the slightest doubt , for example , that such [being] have come into existence in our biosphere as autonomous agents have coevolved over the eons .

In general , it would begin to appear that as a higher diversity of entities come into existence entities that are then necessarily more complex their modes of being in nonequilibrium conditions increase in diversity and subtlety .
in general , it would begin to appear that as a higher diversity of [being] come into existence [being] that are then necessarily more complex their modes of being in nonequilibrium conditions increase in diversity and subtlety .

In turn , the very existence of sets of these increasingly diverse and complex entities gives them an increased number of ways , and so an increased probability , to couple with one another such that one may measure a displacement from equilibrium of the other ; hence , these entities happen upon a source of energy that can be and is extracted to do work .
in turn , the very existence of sets of these increasingly diverse and complex [being] gives them an increased number of ways , and so an increased probability , to couple with one another such that one may measure a displacement from equilibrium of the other ; hence , these [being] happen upon a source of energy that can be and is extracted to do work .

In turn , that work may drive nonspontaneous processes to create still more complex molecular species or other entities in the adjacent possible .
in turn , that work may drive nonspontaneous processes to create still more complex molecular species or other [being] in the adjacent possible .

Intuitively , it seems unlikely that such a planet of nonliving complex entities could have arisen spontaneously since the big bang .
intuitively , it seems unlikely that such a planet of nonliving complex [being] could have arisen spontaneously since the big bang .

Dennett envisions evolution as a sequence of kinds of construction cranes that bit by bit build up higher-order entities via variation and natural selection .
dennett envisions evolution as a sequence of kinds of construction cranes that bit by bit build up higher-order [being] via variation and natural selection .

In fact , are all free-living entities in the biosphere .
in fact , are all free-living [being] in the biosphere .

If the general property obtains that complex quantum entities can couple to and interact with other complex quantum entities in more ways than can simple systems and that the number of ways of coupling explodes faster than the diversity of entities , and thus faster than the complexity of those quantum objects , then decoherence should tend to lead to favored pathways toward the accumulation of complex classical entities and processes .
if the general property obtains that complex quantum [being] can couple to and interact with other complex quantum [being] in more ways than can simple systems and that the number of ways of coupling explodes faster than the diversity of [being] , and thus faster than the complexity of those quantum objects , then decoherence should tend to lead to favored pathways toward the accumulation of complex classical [being] and processes .

Current string theory has gone beyond single-dimensional strings , and now considers two-or-higher-dimensional entities called M-branes .
current string theory has gone beyond single-dimensional strings , and now considers two-or-higher-dimensional [being] called m-branes .

If more complexity and diversity means more comeasurement and faster decoherence of a wider variety of complex quantum systems , in analogy with the concept that extracting work from increasingly subtle nonequilibrium systems requires increasingly subtle measuring and coupling devices , the universe as a whole may persistently break symmetries as new entities come into existence , and hence expand its diversity , complexity , and classicity as fast as possible .
if more complexity and diversity means more comeasurement and faster decoherence of a wider variety of complex quantum systems , in analogy with the concept that extracting work from increasingly subtle nonequilibrium systems requires increasingly subtle measuring and coupling devices , the universe as a whole may persistently break symmetries as new [being] come into existence , and hence expand its diversity , complexity , and classicity as fast as possible .

The Bahamas has traditionally been divided into three entities : New Providence , Grand Bahama , and all the rest of the islands , brought together under the collective name of the Out Islands , sometimes also referred to as the Family Islands .
the bahamas has traditionally been divided into three [being] : new providence , grand bahama , and all the rest of the islands , brought together under the collective name of the out islands , sometimes also referred to as the family islands .

The balance of the funds is granted to small entities that provide legal services and assistance to the indigent .
the balance of the funds is granted to small [being] that provide legal services and assistance to the indigent .

Philanthropists , corporations and other private entities have donated more than $ 368,000 .
philanthropists , corporations and other private [being] have donated more than $ 368,000 .

In the months since the horrible events of September 11th , the President and the Congress have responded with important and aggressive actions to protect the nation , including creating an Office of Homeland Security ( OHS ) , passing new laws such as the USA Patriot Act and an initial emergency supplemental spending bill , establishing a new agency to improve transportation security , and working with unprecedented collaboration with federal , state , and local governments , private sector entities , non-governmental organizations , and other countries to prevent future terrorist acts and to bring to justice those individuals responsible for such terrible acts .
in the months since the horrible events of september 11th , the president and the congress have responded with important and aggressive actions to protect the nation , including creating an office of homeland security ( ohs ) , passing new laws such as the usa patriot act and an initial emergency supplemental spending bill , establishing a new agency to improve transportation security , and working with unprecedented collaboration with federal , state , and local governments , private sector [being] , non-governmental organizations , and other countries to prevent future terrorist acts and to bring to justice those individuals responsible for such terrible acts .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local [being] and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .

GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 Similarly , GAO has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 GAO , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the Congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .
gao has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 similarly , gao has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other [being] in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 gao , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of [being] , has concluded that the congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .

For instance , the Congress may wish to provide the new department with `` early out '' and `` buy out '' authority in order to help quickly realign the component entities and provide for future flexibility .
for instance , the congress may wish to provide the new department with `` early out '' and `` buy out '' authority in order to help quickly realign the component [being] and provide for future flexibility .

Over the longer term the creation of the new Department may also be an opportune time to review the account structure of the Department 's component entities .
over the longer term the creation of the new department may also be an opportune time to review the account structure of the department 's component [being] .

In the preamble to the final rule , HCFA discusses , in the form of a combined Regulatory Impact Analysis and Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the effect of the final rule on small entities .
in the preamble to the final rule , hcfa discusses , in the form of a combined regulatory impact analysis and regulatory flexibility analysis , the effect of the final rule on small [being] .

The small entities include most providers , physicians , and health care suppliers , either by virtue of their non-profit status or by having revenues of $ 5 million or less annually .
the small [being] include most providers , physicians , and health care suppliers , either by virtue of their non-profit status or by having revenues of $ 5 million or less annually .

HCFA states that it is clear that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities since the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation will reduce payments by approximately 9 percent .
hcfa states that it is clear that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small [being] since the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation will reduce payments by approximately 9 percent .

While HCFA states that it has examined the options for lessening the burden on small entities , since the statute does not allow for any exceptions to the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation based on the size of the entity , no regulatory relief can be provided for small entities .
while hcfa states that it has examined the options for lessening the burden on small [being] , since the statute does not allow for any exceptions to the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation based on the size of the entity , no regulatory relief can be provided for small [being] .

Andersen may have been the auditor for more than its fair share of the entities associated with the most recent accountability failures , but it was not the auditor for all of them .
andersen may have been the auditor for more than its fair share of the [being] associated with the most recent accountability failures , but it was not the auditor for all of them .

For example , the collapse of Enron showed how accounting and reporting for so-called `` special purpose entities '' ( SPEs ) is hard to understand , much less defend .
for example , the collapse of enron showed how accounting and reporting for so-called `` special purpose [being] '' ( spes ) is hard to understand , much less defend .

As a result , the GAO issued new independence standards applicable to audits of federal departments and agencies and entities that receive federal funds , and the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation limited the ability of auditors of public companies to perform certain non-audit services for their audit clients .
as a result , the gao issued new independence standards applicable to audits of federal departments and agencies and [being] that receive federal funds , and the sarbanes-oxley legislation limited the ability of auditors of public companies to perform certain non-audit services for their audit clients .

We conduct financial statement , performance and compliance audits of federal entities , and promulgate generally accepted auditing standards for audits of federal entities , and entities that receive federal funds .
we conduct financial statement , performance and compliance audits of federal [being] , and promulgate generally accepted auditing standards for audits of federal [being] , and [being] that receive federal funds .

We also help to promulgate generally accepted accounting principles for federal government entities .
we also help to promulgate generally accepted accounting principles for federal government [being] .

In addition to these actions , GAO has voluntarily decided to express an opinion on internal controls and key compliance issues in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the U.S. Government and various other federal entities .
in addition to these actions , gao has voluntarily decided to express an opinion on internal controls and key compliance issues in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the u.s. government and various other federal [being] .

CLOSING : In the final analysis , for any system to work you need to assure that the key people have integrity , that the information provided to key stakeholders is timely and reliable , and that the persons or entities that are providing assurance as to the reliability of any financial and non-financial information are qualified and independent both in fact and appearance .
closing : in the final analysis , for any system to work you need to assure that the key people have integrity , that the information provided to key stakeholders is timely and reliable , and that the persons or [being] that are providing assurance as to the reliability of any financial and non-financial information are qualified and independent both in fact and appearance .

Based on consultations with our advisory group and our case study entities , we consolidated and refined the factors to those presented in this guide .
based on consultations with our advisory group and our case study [being] , we consolidated and refined the factors to those presented in this guide .

GAO/AIMD00134 ♦ Executive Guide : Creating Value Through Worldclass Financial Management Appendix IV ♦ Comparison of Federal Agencies and Case Study Entities Table 3 : Comparison of Revenues/Outlays In Millions with CFO Compensation ( Salary and Bonus ) at Selected Case Study Entities for 1997 Company Revenues/outlays CFO Bonus Total salary General Electric Company $ 100,469,000 $ 1,100,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 3,100,000 Federal Agency $ 72,568,000 $ 151,800 $ 151,800 ( average ) ( max . )
gao/aimd00134 ♦ executive guide : creating value through worldclass financial management appendix iv ♦ comparison of federal agencies and case study [being] table 3 : comparison of revenues/outlays in millions with cfo compensation ( salary and bonus ) at selected case study [being] for 1997 company revenues/outlays cfo bonus total salary general electric company $ 100,469,000 $ 1,100,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 3,100,000 federal agency $ 72,568,000 $ 151,800 $ 151,800 ( average ) ( max . )

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The preamble to the proposed rule stated that the entities that would be required to comply with the rule are public utilities and transmitting utilities that do not fall within the Regulatory Flexibility Act 's definition of small entity.1 60 Fed .
section 603 : initial regulatory flexibility analysis the preamble to the proposed rule stated that the [being] that would be required to comply with the rule are public utilities and transmitting utilities that do not fall within the regulatory flexibility act 's definition of small entity.1 60 fed .

GAO/OGC-96-12 In the preamble to the final rule , the Commission reiterated that the rule would only apply to public and transmitting utilities and again certified that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities within the meaning of the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
gao/ogc-96-12 in the preamble to the final rule , the commission reiterated that the rule would only apply to public and transmitting utilities and again certified that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] within the meaning of the regulatory flexibility act .

In light of the Commission 's determination that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , sections 605 ( a ) and ( c ) , 607 , and 609 are inapplicable .
in light of the commission 's determination that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] , sections 605 ( a ) and ( c ) , 607 , and 609 are inapplicable .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 603 : initial regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small [being] , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities The requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since NHTSA did not determine that it would have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
section 609 : participation by small [being] the requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since nhtsa did not determine that it would have a significant impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

For a description of each of these entities , see appendix II .
for a description of each of these [being] , see appendix ii .

We have included descriptions of the entities we visited in appendix II .
we have included descriptions of the [being] we visited in appendix ii .

The actions of the entities in our study in areas including passing legislation , setting and maintaining the ethical tone , delegating roles and responsibilities , and implementing human capital initiatives clearly communicated the need for change .
the actions of the [being] in our study in areas including passing legislation , setting and maintaining the ethical tone , delegating roles and responsibilities , and implementing human capital initiatives clearly communicated the need for change .

Among the organizations we studied , the pressures applied by oversight entities and top management were instrumental as change agents .
among the organizations we studied , the pressures applied by oversight [being] and top management were instrumental as change agents .

Further , by being transparent in redefining the culture , oversight entities and top management set expectations and obtained buy-in on the need for and importance of change from individuals throughout the organizations .
further , by being transparent in redefining the culture , oversight [being] and top management set expectations and obtained buy-in on the need for and importance of change from individuals throughout the organizations .

A thorough risk assessment also allows entities to target high-risk areas and , therefore , to focus often limited resources where the greatest exposure exists .
a thorough risk assessment also allows [being] to target high-risk areas and , therefore , to focus often limited resources where the greatest exposure exists .

Data sharing allows entities that make payments-to contractors , vendors , or participants in benefit programs-to compare information from different sources to help ensure that payments are appropriate .
data sharing allows [being] that make payments-to contractors , vendors , or participants in benefit programs-to compare information from different sources to help ensure that payments are appropriate .

SSA performs over 20 data matches with over 10 federal agencies and more than 3,500 state and local entities using incoming information .
ssa performs over 20 data matches with over 10 federal agencies and more than 3,500 state and local [being] using incoming information .

Federal entities contemplating data matching must do so in accordance with the provisions of the Computer Matching and Privacy Protection Act , which requires that ( 1 ) the privacy of data used in computer matches be protected , ( 2 ) agencies complete cost-benefit analyses on all computer matches and report annually on their findings , unless the matches are exempted by law , and ( 3 ) data integrity boards be established to approve and review the data matches .
federal [being] contemplating data matching must do so in accordance with the provisions of the computer matching and privacy protection act , which requires that ( 1 ) the privacy of data used in computer matches be protected , ( 2 ) agencies complete cost-benefit analyses on all computer matches and report annually on their findings , unless the matches are exempted by law , and ( 3 ) data integrity boards be established to approve and review the data matches .

Some entities use their employees to analyze their payment records while others contract with recovery audit firms for the work .
some [being] use their employees to analyze their payment records while others contract with recovery audit firms for the work .

Minimizing improper payments often requires the exchange of relevant , reliable , and timely information between individuals and units within an organization and with external entities with oversight and monitoring responsibilities .
minimizing improper payments often requires the exchange of relevant , reliable , and timely information between individuals and units within an organization and with external [being] with oversight and monitoring responsibilities .

New Zealand requires entities from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .
new zealand requires [being] from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .

The pressures applied by top management and oversight entities are instrumental in clearly defining and communicating the need for improved program operations and , most important , in redefining the organizational culture .
the pressures applied by top management and oversight [being] are instrumental in clearly defining and communicating the need for improved program operations and , most important , in redefining the organizational culture .

One of the biggest hurdles that many entities face in the process of managing improper payments is overcoming the propensity toward denial of the problem .
one of the biggest hurdles that many [being] face in the process of managing improper payments is overcoming the propensity toward denial of the problem .

We also conducted extensive Internet searches to identify programs in each of these entities in which actions had been taken to reduce improper payments .
we also conducted extensive internet searches to identify programs in each of these [being] in which actions had been taken to reduce improper payments .

The Security Committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal entities involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response capabilities .
the security committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal [being] involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response capabilities .

Because of the similarities in the challenges they face , we believe that federal entities can learn from these organizations to develop their own more effective security programs .
because of the similarities in the challenges they face , we believe that federal [being] can learn from these organizations to develop their own more effective security programs .

Federal and Nonfederal Entities Face Similar Risks and Rely on Similar Technologies Like federal agencies , the organizations we studied must protect the integrity , confidentiality , and availability of the information resources they rely on .
federal and nonfederal [being] face similar risks and rely on similar technologies like federal agencies , the organizations we studied must protect the integrity , confidentiality , and availability of the information resources they rely on .

Vice President Albert Gore , Jr. , in the Administration 's July 1997 report , A Framework For Global Electronic Commerce To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .
vice president albert gore , jr. , in the administration 's july 1997 report , a framework for global electronic commerce to achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational [being] and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .

The Under Secretary for Food , Nutrition , and Consumer Services has certified under section 605 of the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
the under secretary for food , nutrition , and consumer services has certified under section 605 of the act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

FASAB is publishing the Codification as a comprehensive basis of accounting for Federal reporting entities .
fasab is publishing the codification as a comprehensive basis of accounting for federal reporting [being] .

Therefore , FASAB believes that federal financial accounting concepts and standards should be considered in establishing systems and in maintaining day-to-day financial records as well as being applied to general purpose financial reports of U. S. Government reporting entities .
therefore , fasab believes that federal financial accounting concepts and standards should be considered in establishing systems and in maintaining day-to-day financial records as well as being applied to general purpose financial reports of u. s. government reporting [being] .

The reporting entities of which the components are a part , however , need to be sensitive to differences that may arise from the different accounting standards .
the reporting [being] of which the components are a part , however , need to be sensitive to differences that may arise from the different accounting standards .

Hierarchy of Federal Generally Accepted Accounting Principles The hierarchy of generally accepted accounting principles4 ( GAAP ) governs what constitutes GAAP for all U.S. government reporting entities .
hierarchy of federal generally accepted accounting principles the hierarchy of generally accepted accounting principles4 ( gaap ) governs what constitutes gaap for all u.s. government reporting [being] .

The following hierarchy5 determines GAAP for U.S. government reporting entities beginning in fiscal year 1998 :
the following hierarchy5 determines gaap for u.s. government reporting [being] beginning in fiscal year 1998 :

Until the above hierarchy is effective , U.S. government reporting entities will continue to follow the hierarchy established6 for an `` Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting '' ( OCBOA ) and presented below :
until the above hierarchy is effective , u.s. government reporting [being] will continue to follow the hierarchy established6 for an `` other comprehensive basis of accounting '' ( ocboa ) and presented below :

Tax receipts are generally collected from the public by the IRS ( Internal Revenue Service ) and , to a lesser extent , by the Customs Service and other entities acting as agents for the recipient entities rather than on their own behalf .
tax receipts are generally collected from the public by the irs ( internal revenue service ) and , to a lesser extent , by the customs service and other [being] acting as agents for the recipient [being] rather than on their own behalf .

Some entities may be involved in the management and liquidation of forfeited property but not themselves be entitled to the revenue or to the use of the property .
some [being] may be involved in the management and liquidation of forfeited property but not themselves be entitled to the revenue or to the use of the property .

For example , a central fund created to support the seizure activities of multiple entities 45This amends SFFAS No .
for example , a central fund created to support the seizure activities of multiple [being] 45this amends sffas no .

These entities should account for the property as a custodial activity .
these [being] should account for the property as a custodial activity .

MMS collects rents , royalties , and bonuses acting as an agent on behalf of the recipients designated by law : the General Fund , certain entities within the Government to which amounts are earmarked , the states , and Indian tribes and allottees .
mms collects rents , royalties , and bonuses acting as an agent on behalf of the recipients designated by law : the general fund , certain [being] within the government to which amounts are earmarked , the states , and indian tribes and allottees .

The rents , royalties , and bonuses transferred to Treasury for the General Fund , or to other Government reporting entities , should be recognized by them as exchange revenue .
the rents , royalties , and bonuses transferred to treasury for the general fund , or to other government reporting [being] , should be recognized by them as exchange revenue .

However , neither the Government as a whole nor the other recipient entities recognize the natural resources as an asset and depletion as a cost .
however , neither the government as a whole nor the other recipient [being] recognize the natural resources as an asset and depletion as a cost .

Nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative entities that are not Federal reporting entities .
nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative [being] that are not federal reporting [being] .

Reimbursement for cleanup costs. -- The Coast Guard or other Federal entities may incur costs to clean up environmental hazards caused by private parties and , in some cases , require these private parties to reimburse it for the costs incurred .
reimbursement for cleanup costs. -- the coast guard or other federal [being] may incur costs to clean up environmental hazards caused by private parties and , in some cases , require these private parties to reimburse it for the costs incurred .

In most cases the invested balances of these funds derive predominantly from the funds ' earmarked taxes , which are nonexchange transactions with the public ( e.g. , employment taxes and gasoline taxes ) , and to a lesser extent from other financing sources received from other government entities ( e.g. , the General Fund payment appropriated to the Supplementary Medical Insurance fund ) .
in most cases the invested balances of these funds derive predominantly from the funds ' earmarked taxes , which are nonexchange transactions with the public ( e.g. , employment taxes and gasoline taxes ) , and to a lesser extent from other financing sources received from other government [being] ( e.g. , the general fund payment appropriated to the supplementary medical insurance fund ) .

Nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative entities that are not Federal reporting entities .
nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative [being] that are not federal reporting [being] .

For example , the revenue that the Employees Health Benefit fund earns from contributions by Federal employees , annuitants , employer entities , and the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) is an offset to the insurance premiums that it pays to private firms .
for example , the revenue that the employees health benefit fund earns from contributions by federal employees , annuitants , employer [being] , and the office of personnel management ( opm ) is an offset to the insurance premiums that it pays to private firms .

Nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative entities that are not Federal reporting entities .
nor do they cover defined contribution plans , or administrative [being] that are not federal reporting [being] .

The amount recorded by both entities is the transferring entity 's book value of the asset .
the amount recorded by both [being] is the transferring entity 's book value of the asset .

Disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers. -- Revenue , primarily nonexchange revenue , may be collected by an entity acting on behalf of the General Fund or another entity within the Government on whose behalf it was collected .
disposition of revenue to other [being] : custodial transfers. -- revenue , primarily nonexchange revenue , may be collected by an entity acting on behalf of the general fund or another entity within the government on whose behalf it was collected .

INDEX OF TRANSACTIONS CLASSIFIED IN APPENDIX B Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) Appropriations ( 592 ) Borrowing from the public ( 596 ) Borrowing from Treasury , the Federal Financing Bank , or other Government accounts ( 596 ) Cancellation of debt ( 589 ) Contribution by the general fund to the SMI trust fund ( 594 ) Cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) Cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) Customs Service fees ( 576 ) Deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) Deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) Deposits of earnings , Federal Reserve System ( 577 ) Disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) Diversion fees , Department of Justice ( 583 ) Donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) Donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees ( 590 ) Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees ( 589 ) Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of Federal employees ( 584 ) Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) Fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Fines and penalties ( 578 ) Forfeitures ( 578 ) Individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds ( 594 ) Interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) Interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) Interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) Interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) Interest received by Treasury ( 591 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) Negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) Premiums for SMI ( Supplementary Medical Insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) Proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) Regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; SEC registration and filing fees ; and Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees ( 582 ) Reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) Reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) Rents , royalties , and bonuses on Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) ( 580 ) Repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) Repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) Repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) Revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) Sales of different types of Government assets .
index of transactions classified in appendix b acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) appropriations ( 592 ) borrowing from the public ( 596 ) borrowing from treasury , the federal financing bank , or other government accounts ( 596 ) cancellation of debt ( 589 ) contribution by the general fund to the smi trust fund ( 594 ) cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) customs service fees ( 576 ) deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) deposits of earnings , federal reserve system ( 577 ) disposition of revenue to other [being] : custodial transfers ( 596 ) diversion fees , department of justice ( 583 ) donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of federal employees ( 590 ) employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for federal employees ( 589 ) employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of federal employees ( 584 ) federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) fines and penalties ( 578 ) forfeitures ( 578 ) individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) interchange between the railroad retirement board and the social security and hospital insurance trust funds ( 594 ) interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) interest on treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) interest received by treasury ( 591 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) premiums for smi ( supplementary medical insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; sec registration and filing fees ; and nuclear regulatory commission fees ( 582 ) reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) rents , royalties , and bonuses on outer continental shelf ( ocs ) ( 580 ) repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) sales of different types of government assets .

Because the Government has been entrusted with , and made accountable for , these resources and responsibilities , they should be recognized in the financial reports of the Federal Government and of its component entities .
because the government has been entrusted with , and made accountable for , these resources and responsibilities , they should be recognized in the financial reports of the federal government and of its component [being] .

These elements of stewardship exist because the Federal Government is dissimilar to industrial and commercial entities .
these elements of stewardship exist because the federal government is dissimilar to industrial and commercial [being] .

Because the Government has been entrusted with and made accountable for these resources , they should be reported in the financial reports of the Government and of its component entities .
because the government has been entrusted with and made accountable for these resources , they should be reported in the financial reports of the government and of its component [being] .

In addition , Federal mission PP & E is limited to PP & E that would not typically be used by non-federal entities .
in addition , federal mission pp & e is limited to pp & e that would not typically be used by non-federal [being] .

This information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( RSSI ) for the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .
this information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( rssi ) for the consolidated financial statements of the federal government and of the [being] who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .

Such information is required for those entities ( 1 ) that control stewardship resources and ( 2 ) whose financial statements purport to be in accordance with Federal accounting principles as recommended by FASAB , and approved by the Secretary of the Treasury , the Director of OMB and the Comptroller General .
such information is required for those [being] ( 1 ) that control stewardship resources and ( 2 ) whose financial statements purport to be in accordance with federal accounting principles as recommended by fasab , and approved by the secretary of the treasury , the director of omb and the comptroller general .

In some cases , before the issuance of Federal accounting standards , entities have maintained records on the basis of outlays rather than expenses .
in some cases , before the issuance of federal accounting standards , [being] have maintained records on the basis of outlays rather than expenses .

It may be impracticable for such entities to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense .
it may be impracticable for such [being] to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense .

In such cases , entities may report data on an outlay basis for any years for which expense data are not available .
in such cases , [being] may report data on an outlay basis for any years for which expense data are not available .

At the end of 5 years , entities should have sufficient expense data to be able to report expenses rather than outlays .
at the end of 5 years , [being] should have sufficient expense data to be able to report expenses rather than outlays .

These requirements are flexible since different conditions may be considered acceptable by different entities , as well as for different items of PP & E held by the same entity .
these requirements are flexible since different conditions may be considered acceptable by different [being] , as well as for different items of pp & e held by the same entity .

These requirements and recommendations , including a phasing-in process for entities who may not have required data available at the implementation of the standards , are contained in the individual standards .
these requirements and recommendations , including a phasing-in process for [being] who may not have required data available at the implementation of the standards , are contained in the individual standards .

These requirements describe the nature of items to be reported by Federal entities ; guidance on the form and content of agency financial reports , including the specific guidance on the format in which items addressed in this Statement will be reported , will be prescribed by OMB .
these requirements describe the nature of items to be reported by federal [being] ; guidance on the form and content of agency financial reports , including the specific guidance on the format in which items addressed in this statement will be reported , will be prescribed by omb .

Some Federal entities , including those government corporations listed in the Government Corporation Control Act and certain others , such as the US Postal Service , are required by law or policy to publish financial statements pursuant to the standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) .
some federal [being] , including those government corporations listed in the government corporation control act and certain others , such as the us postal service , are required by law or policy to publish financial statements pursuant to the standards issued by the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) .

For such entities , this standard provides the following general principles :
for such [being] , this standard provides the following general principles :

This principle would continue to be true for separately issued statements even if , pursuant to the provisions below , other information about these entities might need to be presented when their financial statements are included within reports of a larger Federal entity .
this principle would continue to be true for separately issued statements even if , pursuant to the provisions below , other information about these [being] might need to be presented when their financial statements are included within reports of a larger federal entity .

For guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general PP & E standard contained in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal [being] , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general pp & e standard contained in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

In those unusual instances when entities have no historical data , only current reporting year data need be reported .
in those unusual instances when [being] have no historical data , only current reporting year data need be reported .

For such entities to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense data may be impracticable .
for such [being] to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense data may be impracticable .

If neither historical expense nor outlay data are available for each of the 5 years , entities need report only expense data for the current reporting year and such other years as available .
if neither historical expense nor outlay data are available for each of the 5 years , [being] need report only expense data for the current reporting year and such other years as available .

In those unusual instances when entities have no historical data , only current reporting year data need be reported .
in those unusual instances when [being] have no historical data , only current reporting year data need be reported .

For such entities to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense data may be impracticable .
for such [being] to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense data may be impracticable .

If neither historical expense nor outlay data are available for each of the 5 years , entities need report expense data for only the current reporting year and such other years as available .
if neither historical expense nor outlay data are available for each of the 5 years , [being] need report expense data for only the current reporting year and such other years as available .

In those unusual instances when entities have no historical data , only current reporting year data need be reported .
in those unusual instances when [being] have no historical data , only current reporting year data need be reported .

For such entities to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense data may be impracticable .
for such [being] to reconstruct their accounts on the basis of expense data may be impracticable .

Reporting Entities of the Federal Government 108 .
reporting [being] of the federal government 108 .

Nevertheless , the Board reiterates its position that entities should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards .
nevertheless , the board reiterates its position that [being] should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards .

However , entities should make the determination of how best to apply the stewardship standards based on a thorough analysis of their individual entity , including its mission , financial practices , and the impact of its mission and operation on financial report users and on the Nation .
however , [being] should make the determination of how best to apply the stewardship standards based on a thorough analysis of their individual entity , including its mission , financial practices , and the impact of its mission and operation on financial report users and on the nation .

Some respondents requested that the standards provide for reporting additional information , such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments , stewardship land sold to the private sector , the Federal Government 's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal entities or patents generated through Federal research and development funds , and foreign contributions to Federal programs .
some respondents requested that the standards provide for reporting additional information , such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments , stewardship land sold to the private sector , the federal government 's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal [being] or patents generated through federal research and development funds , and foreign contributions to federal programs .

In developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the Board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of Federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the Nation .
in developing the standards for stewardship reporting , the board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of federal [being] and for the consolidated financial reporting for the nation .

They include both selfassessments made by persons filing tax returns and assessments made by the collecting entities as a result of audits , investigations , and litigation .
they include both selfassessments made by persons filing tax returns and assessments made by the collecting [being] as a result of audits , investigations , and litigation .

FEDERAL ENTITIES ( UNITS , COMPONENTS ) - See entity .
federal [being] ( units , components ) - see entity .

More specifically , the full cost of an output produced by a responsibility segment is the sum of ( 1 ) the costs of resources consumed by the responsibility segment that directly or indirectly contribute to the output , and ( 2 ) the costs of identifiable supporting services provided by other responsibility segments within the reporting entity and by other reporting entities .
more specifically , the full cost of an output produced by a responsibility segment is the sum of ( 1 ) the costs of resources consumed by the responsibility segment that directly or indirectly contribute to the output , and ( 2 ) the costs of identifiable supporting services provided by other responsibility segments within the reporting entity and by other reporting [being] .

INSURANCE AND GUARANTEE PROGRAMS - Federal government programs that provide protection to individuals or entities against specified risks .
insurance and guarantee programs - federal government programs that provide protection to individuals or [being] against specified risks .

INTER-ENTITY - A term meaning between or among different federal reporting entities .
inter-entity - a term meaning between or among different federal reporting [being] .

Borrowing is not included as other financing sources , since it does not increase the net resources of the reporting entities .
borrowing is not included as other financing sources , since it does not increase the net resources of the reporting [being] .

TRANSACTION - A particular kind of external event involving the transfer of something of value concerning two or more entities .
transaction - a particular kind of external event involving the transfer of something of value concerning two or more [being] .

In the preamble to the final rule , the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is discussed and the Department has found that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
in the preamble to the final rule , the final regulatory flexibility analysis is discussed and the department has found that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

The small entities are composed of tier II day care home providers who will experience a large decrease in reimbursement rates for meals served .
the small [being] are composed of tier ii day care home providers who will experience a large decrease in reimbursement rates for meals served .

The Department points out that due to the programmatic changes mandated by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 , there were no significant alternatives available that would both accomplish the objectives of the act and minimize any significant economic impact on the small entities .
the department points out that due to the programmatic changes mandated by the personal responsibility and work opportunity reconciliation act of 1996 , there were no significant alternatives available that would both accomplish the objectives of the act and minimize any significant economic impact on the small [being] .

It describes the small entities ( small business issuers ) to which the rule will apply .
it describes the small [being] ( small business issuers ) to which the rule will apply .

Although no comments were filed that addressed the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , comments were received from 97 entities .
although no comments were filed that addressed the initial regulatory flexibility analysis , comments were received from 97 [being] .

The Commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .
the commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small [being] .

The Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial condition of government entities and the status of management controls .
the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial condition of government [being] and the status of management controls .

Many of EPA 's stakeholders are businesses or other regulated entities that wanted the agency to address such matters as the procedural costs of environmental regulations .
many of epa 's stakeholders are businesses or other regulated [being] that wanted the agency to address such matters as the procedural costs of environmental regulations .

The Commission determined that one part of the fee schedule -- specifically , the annual fee for materials licensees -- will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
the commission determined that one part of the fee schedule -- specifically , the annual fee for materials licensees -- will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

It also describes the small entities to which the proposed rule will apply and estimates their number .
it also describes the small [being] to which the proposed rule will apply and estimates their number .

With respect to subsection 603 ( c ) , the analysis describes several alternative means of assessing fees for small entities that might lessen the economic impact of the rule on them .
with respect to subsection 603 ( c ) , the analysis describes several alternative means of assessing fees for small [being] that might lessen the economic impact of the rule on them .

In particular , it summarizes and GAO/OGC-96-9 evaluates comments concerning alternative means of establishing fees for small entities and evaluates these alternatives .
in particular , it summarizes and gao/ogc-96-9 evaluates comments concerning alternative means of establishing fees for small [being] and evaluates these alternatives .

The Commission determined to retain its prior year practice of mitigating the impact of the fees by establishing maximum annual fees for two categories of small entities .
the commission determined to retain its prior year practice of mitigating the impact of the fees by establishing maximum annual fees for two categories of small [being] .

Section 607 : Preparation of analysis The Commission 's analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule and alternatives on small entities .
section 607 : preparation of analysis the commission 's analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule and alternatives on small [being] .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small [being] in addition to the actions required by 5 u.s.c .

Such fees include amounts collected from specific entities under section 9701 of title 31 , United States Code , for individually identifiable services provided to them .
such fees include amounts collected from specific [being] under section 9701 of title 31 , united states code , for individually identifiable services provided to them .

However , in HCFA 's view , its publication of the full text of the analysis with the proposed rule satisfied the 1HCFA considers all hospitals to be small entities for purposes of the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
however , in hcfa 's view , its publication of the full text of the analysis with the proposed rule satisfied the 1hcfa considers all hospitals to be small [being] for purposes of the regulatory flexibility act .

Consistent with section 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) , the analysis describes , and estimates the number of , small entities to which the rule will apply .
consistent with section 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) , the analysis describes , and estimates the number of , small [being] to which the rule will apply .

The rule will apply to 82 percent of the general , short-term , acute care hospitals that participate in the Medicare program , or 5,130 hospitals , all of which are considered small entities by HCFA .
the rule will apply to 82 percent of the general , short-term , acute care hospitals that participate in the medicare program , or 5,130 hospitals , all of which are considered small [being] by hcfa .

Since , according to HCFA , all hospitals subject to the rule are small entities , it would be difficult to minimize the impact of the rule on such entities within the constraints of the Medicare program .
since , according to hcfa , all hospitals subject to the rule are small [being] , it would be difficult to minimize the impact of the rule on such [being] within the constraints of the medicare program .

The analysis describes , and estimates the number of , small entities to which the rule will apply as required by section 604 ( a ) ( 3 ) .
the analysis describes , and estimates the number of , small [being] to which the rule will apply as required by section 604 ( a ) ( 3 ) .

The final analysis also describes the rule 's impact on covered entities and , like the earlier analysis , specifically distinguishes between urban and rural hospitals .
the final analysis also describes the rule 's impact on covered [being] and , like the earlier analysis , specifically distinguishes between urban and rural hospitals .

The analyses issued with the proposed and final rules provide quantifiable descriptions of the rule 's impact on covered entities , including rural hospitals .
the analyses issued with the proposed and final rules provide quantifiable descriptions of the rule 's impact on covered [being] , including rural hospitals .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-41 Finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those enumerated .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-41 finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small [being] are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those enumerated .

As discussed , HCFA published the full text of its initial analysis as an appendix to the proposed rule and invited comments from small entities .
as discussed , hcfa published the full text of its initial analysis as an appendix to the proposed rule and invited comments from small [being] .

HCFA staff has advised that it did not take any other actions specifically designed to ensure participation by small entities , including rural hospitals , in this rulemaking .
hcfa staff has advised that it did not take any other actions specifically designed to ensure participation by small [being] , including rural hospitals , in this rulemaking .

The analyses comply with the informational requirements by discussing the small entities subject to the final rule and alternatives that were considered .
the analyses comply with the informational requirements by discussing the small [being] subject to the final rule and alternatives that were considered .

The analyses use both quantifiable ( percentage increases or decreases in costs ) and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on the small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable ( percentage increases or decreases in costs ) and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on the small [being] .

HCFA considers all therapists to be small entities .
hcfa considers all therapists to be small [being] .

The information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .
the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small [being] subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .

Although no comments were filed in direct response to the initial analysis , the Commission stated that some general comments related to issues that could affect small entities .
although no comments were filed in direct response to the initial analysis , the commission stated that some general comments related to issues that could affect small [being] .

The analysis further describes the small entities affected by the Report and Order ; summarizes the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements ; and describes the steps taken to minimize the economic impact on small businesses .
the analysis further describes the small [being] affected by the report and order ; summarizes the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements ; and describes the steps taken to minimize the economic impact on small businesses .

Section 607 : Preparation of analysis The Commission 's analysis addressed the effects of the rule on small entities in a general manner , consistent with the requirements of section 607 .
section 607 : preparation of analysis the commission 's analysis addressed the effects of the rule on small [being] in a general manner , consistent with the requirements of section 607 .

It also points out that the rule imposes no affirmative compliance actions by any entities to which it applies .
it also points out that the rule imposes no affirmative compliance actions by any [being] to which it applies .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities The Commission offered the opportunity to comment on both the initial and the second proposed rule and order to any interested parties , including small entities .
section 609 : participation by small [being] the commission offered the opportunity to comment on both the initial and the second proposed rule and order to any interested parties , including small [being] .

While section 609 likewise is inapplicable , the Board 's submission to our Office states that , in addition to publishing the proposed rule in the Federal Register , it took several steps to give small entities the opportunity to participate in the rulemaking .
while section 609 likewise is inapplicable , the board 's submission to our office states that , in addition to publishing the proposed rule in the federal register , it took several steps to give small [being] the opportunity to participate in the rulemaking .

However , we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the Board 's letter to our Office that the Board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605 ( b ) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
however , we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the board 's letter to our office that the board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605 ( b ) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

The invited participants were from public , private , and not-for-profit entities having extensive experience and subject matter expertise in the accounting profession , corporate governance issues , financial reporting and disclosure models , auditing , accounting , and related regulatory issues .
the invited participants were from public , private , and not-for-profit [being] having extensive experience and subject matter expertise in the accounting profession , corporate governance issues , financial reporting and disclosure models , auditing , accounting , and related regulatory issues .

Participants also believed that a challenge facing the new PCAOB will be dealing with the complex relationship between federal and state governments involved in regulating the accounting profession.11 Participants identified the need for better communication and sharing of information between federal entities such as the SEC and the new PCAOB and the state licensing and regulating entities .
participants also believed that a challenge facing the new pcaob will be dealing with the complex relationship between federal and state governments involved in regulating the accounting profession.11 participants identified the need for better communication and sharing of information between federal [being] such as the sec and the new pcaob and the state licensing and regulating [being] .

EPA also has concluded that although there is some overlap between other reporting requirements for environmental releases and other management activities mandated by EPCRA , PPA , and other statutes , the reporting requirements of this rule do not conflict because of the differences in information collected , entities covered , reporting frequencies , how the data are reported , and so forth .
epa also has concluded that although there is some overlap between other reporting requirements for environmental releases and other management activities mandated by epcra , ppa , and other statutes , the reporting requirements of this rule do not conflict because of the differences in information collected , [being] covered , reporting frequencies , how the data are reported , and so forth .

Using this criteria the agency estimated that 4,600 of the 6,400 firms affected by the rule would be small businesses and that approximately 15,000 small entities in the industry groups affected by the proposed rule would not be affected as they employed less than 10 persons .
using this criteria the agency estimated that 4,600 of the 6,400 firms affected by the rule would be small businesses and that approximately 15,000 small [being] in the industry groups affected by the proposed rule would not be affected as they employed less than 10 persons .

Section 604 - Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis EPA analyzed the potential impact on small entities by the Standard Industrial Classification ( SIC ) code and concluded that there would not be a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
section 604 - final regulatory flexibility analysis epa analyzed the potential impact on small [being] by the standard industrial classification ( sic ) code and concluded that there would not be a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

Nonetheless , the agency prepared an extensive analysis of the impact on small entities .
nonetheless , the agency prepared an extensive analysis of the impact on small [being] .

EPA 's analysis indicates that the first year , 60 percent ( 2,895 ) of the small entities will expend less than 1 percent of their annual revenue for the rule 's compliance costs , 12 percent ( 569 ) will expend between 1 percent and 3 percent , and 119 or 2 percent will expend 3 percent or more of their annual revenues for compliance .
epa 's analysis indicates that the first year , 60 percent ( 2,895 ) of the small [being] will expend less than 1 percent of their annual revenue for the rule 's compliance costs , 12 percent ( 569 ) will expend between 1 percent and 3 percent , and 119 or 2 percent will expend 3 percent or more of their annual revenues for compliance .

EPA also estimates that 49 public utilities owned by 41 municipalities will be affected by the rule , and of that total , the 18 small governmental entities ( populations under 50,000 ) affected will expend less than 1 percent of their annual revenues for compliance .
epa also estimates that 49 public utilities owned by 41 municipalities will be affected by the rule , and of that total , the 18 small governmental [being] ( populations under 50,000 ) affected will expend less than 1 percent of their annual revenues for compliance .

That statement declares that the rule will not result in expenditure to state , local , or tribal governments3 in the aggregate of $ 100 million or more in 3The entities affected are 49 publically owned electric utilities with combined annual expenditures estimated by EPA to be $ 2,065,000 the first year and $ 1,342,000 thereafter .
that statement declares that the rule will not result in expenditure to state , local , or tribal governments3 in the aggregate of $ 100 million or more in 3the [being] affected are 49 publically owned electric utilities with combined annual expenditures estimated by epa to be $ 2,065,000 the first year and $ 1,342,000 thereafter .

The analysis describes the reason for the final rule and the legal basis for it ; descriptions and estimates of the number of small entities affected by the rule ; a discussion of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities .
the analysis describes the reason for the final rule and the legal basis for it ; descriptions and estimates of the number of small [being] affected by the rule ; a discussion of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small [being] .

The SEC estimated that of the 23,350 investment advisers currently registered with the SEC , 17,650 advisers would be considered small entities .
the sec estimated that of the 23,350 investment advisers currently registered with the sec , 17,650 advisers would be considered small [being] .

After July 8 , 1997 , GAO/OGC-97-46 approximately 850 of those small entities would remain eligible for registration with the SEC .
after july 8 , 1997 , gao/ogc-97-46 approximately 850 of those small [being] would remain eligible for registration with the sec .

The comment received in response to the IRFA concerned the impact of the proposed rule on small entities that manage funds regulated under ERISA .
the comment received in response to the irfa concerned the impact of the proposed rule on small [being] that manage funds regulated under erisa .

While the SEC found that it would be inconsistent with the Coordination Act to grant an exemption for the above-described small entities , the Commissioner has written to the congressional committees concerned urging that the sunset provision be eliminated and the ERISA exemption be made permanent .
while the sec found that it would be inconsistent with the coordination act to grant an exemption for the above-described small [being] , the commissioner has written to the congressional committees concerned urging that the sunset provision be eliminated and the erisa exemption be made permanent .

The information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .
the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small [being] subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .

Finally , in considering any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities , the Commission asks for comments on whether the rule should be applied in situations with very limited PBX configurations in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .
finally , in considering any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small [being] , the commission asks for comments on whether the rule should be applied in situations with very limited pbx configurations in compliance with section 603 ( c ) .

Although no comments were submitted in direct response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the Commission noted that a number of the general comments on the Notice might have an effect on small entities , particularly on site-specific Specialized Mobile Radio ( SMR ) licensees and on rural cellular providers .
although no comments were submitted in direct response to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis , the commission noted that a number of the general comments on the notice might have an effect on small [being] , particularly on site-specific specialized mobile radio ( smr ) licensees and on rural cellular providers .

The Commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .
the commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small [being] by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small [being] by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .

The analysis further describes the small entities covered by the Report and Order , addressing separately cellular licensees , broadband personal communication service licensees , and specialized mobile radio licensees .
the analysis further describes the small [being] covered by the report and order , addressing separately cellular licensees , broadband personal communication service licensees , and specialized mobile radio licensees .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-34 Section 609 : Participation by small entities The Commission offered the opportunity to comment on the proposed Report and Order to any interested parties , including small entities .
page 2 gao/ogc-96-34 section 609 : participation by small [being] the commission offered the opportunity to comment on the proposed report and order to any interested parties , including small [being] .

In its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , the Commission specifically stated that the proposed regulation would affect a number of entities both large and small .
in its notice of proposed rulemaking , the commission specifically stated that the proposed regulation would affect a number of [being] both large and small .

The Commission published the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in both the Federal Register and the FCC Record , publications that should be easily obtained by small as well as large entities in the telecommunications industry .
the commission published the notice of proposed rulemaking in both the federal register and the fcc record , publications that should be easily obtained by small as well as large [being] in the telecommunications industry .

The GAO/OGC-96-27 preamble to the final rule addresses changes made to the regulatory impact analysis , as discussed under the cost-benefit analysis section above , and the impact on small entities .
the gao/ogc-96-27 preamble to the final rule addresses changes made to the regulatory impact analysis , as discussed under the cost-benefit analysis section above , and the impact on small [being] .

Following this analysis , EPA has concluded and certified that the rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
following this analysis , epa has concluded and certified that the rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

The analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the SIC Codes and size standards of the Small Business Administration .
the analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business [being] in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the sic codes and size standards of the small business administration .

The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program 's projected air quality benefits .
the analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by epa but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small [being] or would have jeopardized the program 's projected air quality benefits .

However , the Departments , in the preamble , invite comments regarding the impact of the rules on small entities and ways to minimize that impact .
however , the departments , in the preamble , invite comments regarding the impact of the rules on small [being] and ways to minimize that impact .

It also describes the small entities ( radio manufacturers and suppliers of radio equipment ) to which the proposed rule will apply .
it also describes the small [being] ( radio manufacturers and suppliers of radio equipment ) to which the proposed rule will apply .

GAO/OGC-97-19 The analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities and to assist in the participation of small entities in the rulemaking , the FCC made available a complete copy of the proposed and final rulemaking materials via the Internet .
gao/ogc-97-19 the analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small [being] and to assist in the participation of small [being] in the rulemaking , the fcc made available a complete copy of the proposed and final rulemaking materials via the internet .

The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
the analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from sonora , mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] in the united states .

It also describes and estimates the number of small entities affected by the rule and discusses the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements .
it also describes and estimates the number of small [being] affected by the rule and discusses the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements .

The information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , record-keeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .
the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small [being] subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , record-keeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .

The analysis describes the small entities affected by the rulemaking and estimates that approximately 20,000 small entities will be affected .
the analysis describes the small [being] affected by the rulemaking and estimates that approximately 20,000 small [being] will be affected .

The analysis further describes the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements and describes how the Commission further amended its procedures to minimize the effect on small entities , even though no comments were submitted on this matter .
the analysis further describes the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements and describes how the commission further amended its procedures to minimize the effect on small [being] , even though no comments were submitted on this matter .

GAO/OGC-96-47 However , the preambles to the final rules do discuss additional flexibility and cost savings for small entities in several areas .
gao/ogc-96-47 however , the preambles to the final rules do discuss additional flexibility and cost savings for small [being] in several areas .

The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related restrictions on the importation of beef from Argentina , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
the analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related restrictions on the importation of beef from argentina , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] in the united states .

It also describes and estimates the number of small entities affected by the rule and discusses the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements .
it also describes and estimates the number of small [being] affected by the rule and discusses the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements .

EPA estimated that the total number of small entities affected by the rule was 12,500 or 19 percent of the affected universe .
epa estimated that the total number of small [being] affected by the rule was 12,500 or 19 percent of the affected universe .

No detailed analysis of the impact on small entities was performed because of the relatively low cost of implementation estimated by EPA ( for most manufacturers substantially less than 1 percent of sales the first year and considerably less in subsequent years ; for non-manufacturers less than $ 1,000 for initial compliance ) .
no detailed analysis of the impact on small [being] was performed because of the relatively low cost of implementation estimated by epa ( for most manufacturers substantially less than 1 percent of sales the first year and considerably less in subsequent years ; for non-manufacturers less than $ 1,000 for initial compliance ) .

According to EPA 's analysis , a number of decisions adopted in the final rule ( specifically , the adoption of tiers ( `` programs '' ) , the reduced requirements for the risk management plan and the development of guidance for offsite consequence analysis ) have significantly reduced the burden on small entities .
according to epa 's analysis , a number of decisions adopted in the final rule ( specifically , the adoption of tiers ( `` programs '' ) , the reduced requirements for the risk management plan and the development of guidance for offsite consequence analysis ) have significantly reduced the burden on small [being] .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-26 Section 607 : Preparation of analysis EPA 's analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule and alternatives on small entities .
page 2 gao/ogc-96-26 section 607 : preparation of analysis epa 's analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule and alternatives on small [being] .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities EPA included small entities ( from both government and business ) in focus groups , public hearings , seminars , and meetings to develop this rule .
section 609 : participation by small [being] epa included small [being] ( from both government and business ) in focus groups , public hearings , seminars , and meetings to develop this rule .

Our request includes only those funds we need to stabilize at our approved 3,275 fulltime equivalent staffing level and to incrementally increase investments needed in training , technology , performance recognition , and other key support items to a level consistent with best practices of other comparable government and private sector entities .
our request includes only those funds we need to stabilize at our approved 3,275 fulltime equivalent staffing level and to incrementally increase investments needed in training , technology , performance recognition , and other key support items to a level consistent with best practices of other comparable government and private sector [being] .

In addition , given GAO 's impressive results and return on investment , it only makes sense for GAO to receive resource allocations that are well above average for other federal entities .
in addition , given gao 's impressive results and return on investment , it only makes sense for gao to receive resource allocations that are well above average for other federal [being] .

HUD states that the interim rule will not have a substantial , direct effect on the States or on the relationship between the federal government and the States or on the distribution of power or responsibilities among various levels of government because the interim rule primarily involves relationships between HUD and private entities .
hud states that the interim rule will not have a substantial , direct effect on the states or on the relationship between the federal government and the states or on the distribution of power or responsibilities among various levels of government because the interim rule primarily involves relationships between hud and private [being] .

It also includes a description of the number of small entities affected by the rule ; a discussion of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities .
it also includes a description of the number of small [being] affected by the rule ; a discussion of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small [being] .

Among the steps taken by the FCC to minimize the economic impact on small entities , small businesses with revenues of not more than $ 40 million are eligible for a 25-percent bidding credit and small businesses with average annual gross revenues of not more than $ 15 million are eligible for a 35-percent bidding credit .
among the steps taken by the fcc to minimize the economic impact on small [being] , small businesses with revenues of not more than $ 40 million are eligible for a 25-percent bidding credit and small businesses with average annual gross revenues of not more than $ 15 million are eligible for a 35-percent bidding credit .

Henceforth , the term `` program '' will be used in this document to include government entities , services , and activities .
henceforth , the term `` program '' will be used in this document to include government [being] , services , and activities .

The public interest is defined as the collective wellbeing of the community of people and entities the auditor serves .
the public interest is defined as the collective wellbeing of the community of people and [being] the auditor serves .

The maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the audited entities and public responsibility .
the maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the audited [being] and public responsibility .

The term `` program '' is used to include entities , services , and activities .
the term `` program '' is used to include [being] , services , and activities .

GASB establishes accounting principles and financial reporting standards for state and local government entities .
gasb establishes accounting principles and financial reporting standards for state and local government [being] .

FASB establishes accounting principles and financial reporting standards for nongovernment entities .
fasb establishes accounting principles and financial reporting standards for nongovernment [being] .

Situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 , are excluded .
situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to [being] not specifically identified , such as audits required by the single audit act amendments of 1996 , are excluded .

For example , when engaged to perform audits under the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 for state and local government entities and nonprofit entities that receive federal awards , auditors should be familiar with the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Circular A-133 on single audits .
for example , when engaged to perform audits under the single audit act amendments of 1996 for state and local government [being] and nonprofit [being] that receive federal awards , auditors should be familiar with the office of management and budget ( omb ) circular a-133 on single audits .

Accordingly , compliance with such laws and regulations may have a direct and material effect on the determination of amounts in the financial statements of governmental entities .
accordingly , compliance with such laws and regulations may have a direct and material effect on the determination of amounts in the financial statements of governmental [being] .

Likewise , entities that receive government assistance , such as contractors , nonprofit entities , and other nongovernmental entities , are also subject to regulations , contract provisions , or grant agreements that could have a direct and material effect on their financial statements .
likewise , [being] that receive government assistance , such as contractors , nonprofit [being] , and other nongovernmental [being] , are also subject to regulations , contract provisions , or grant agreements that could have a direct and material effect on their financial statements .

Management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .
management , of both governmental [being] and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .

Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .
depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government [being] that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 provide guidance on factors that may influence auditors ' materiality judgments in audits of government entities or entities receiving government assistance .
paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 provide guidance on factors that may influence auditors ' materiality judgments in audits of government [being] or [being] receiving government assistance .

See the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Circular A-133 on single audits for the distribution of reports on single audits of state and local governmental entities and nonprofit organizations that receive federal awards .
see the single audit act amendments of 1996 and office of management and budget ( omb ) circular a-133 on single audits for the distribution of reports on single audits of state and local governmental [being] and nonprofit organizations that receive federal awards .

Many government entities have these activities identified by other names , such as inspection , appraisal , investigation , organization and methods , or management analysis .
many government [being] have these activities identified by other names , such as inspection , appraisal , investigation , organization and methods , or management analysis .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government [being] that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

It also describes the small entities ( PCS licensees ) to which the proposed rule will apply .
it also describes the small [being] ( pcs licensees ) to which the proposed rule will apply .

The information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is contained in the preamble under the Paperwork Reduction Act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .
the information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small [being] subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is contained in the preamble under the paperwork reduction act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .

Section 607 : Preparation of analysis The Commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
section 607 : preparation of analysis the commission 's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small [being] .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small [being] in addition to the actions required by 5 u.s.c .

The Security Committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal entities involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response capabilities .
the security committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal [being] involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response capabilities .

Because of the similarities in the challenges they face , we believe that federal entities can learn from these organizations to develop their own more effective security programs .
because of the similarities in the challenges they face , we believe that federal [being] can learn from these organizations to develop their own more effective security programs .

Federal and Nonfederal Entities Face Similar Risks and Rely on Similar Technologies Like federal agencies , the organizations we studied must protect the integrity , confidentiality , and availability of the information resources they rely on .
federal and nonfederal [being] face similar risks and rely on similar technologies like federal agencies , the organizations we studied must protect the integrity , confidentiality , and availability of the information resources they rely on .

Vice President Albert Gore , Jr. , in the Administration 's July 1997 report , A Framework For Global Electronic Commerce To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational entities and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .
vice president albert gore , jr. , in the administration 's july 1997 report , a framework for global electronic commerce to achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity , the federal government , like other organizational [being] and individuals , must find ways to address the associated security implications .

EPA has identified two types of small entities which could potentially be impacted by the rule : ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .
epa has identified two types of small [being] which could potentially be impacted by the rule : ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .

EPA states that it tailored the rule to minimize or eliminate the effects on small entities .
epa states that it tailored the rule to minimize or eliminate the effects on small [being] .

The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and alternatives considered to reduce to the burden on the small entities .
the analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small [being] subject to the requirement and alternatives considered to reduce to the burden on the small [being] .

The final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the Office of Advocacy , Small Business Administration and the changes made to the proposed rule to grant regulatory relief to the small entities including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size .
the final regulatory flexibility analysis discusses the comments received from both the industry and the office of advocacy , small business administration and the changes made to the proposed rule to grant regulatory relief to the small [being] including the sequencing of implementation by establishment size .

GAO/OGC-96-31 The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and small entities , in addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-96-31 the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small [being] as required by section 607 and small [being] , in addition to the actions required by 5 u.s.c .

To fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from State , local and tribal governments , a `` Federal-State-Relations Conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final Regulatory Impact Analysis .
to fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from state , local and tribal governments , a `` federal-state-relations conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these [being] were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final regulatory impact analysis .

Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
additionally , gao 's federalinformationsystemcontrolsauditmanualis now used by most major federal audit [being] to evaluate computerrelated controls .

As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
as the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private [being] and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for gao to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .

The Final Analysis for the Registration Form rule notes that of the approximately 2,700 registered open-end management investment companies , approximately 620 or GAO/OGC-98-40 23 percent are funds which meet the definition of small entities with net assets of $ 50 million or less at the end of the most recent fiscal year .
the final analysis for the registration form rule notes that of the approximately 2,700 registered open-end management investment companies , approximately 620 or gao/ogc-98-40 23 percent are funds which meet the definition of small [being] with net assets of $ 50 million or less at the end of the most recent fiscal year .

The analysis concludes that the final rule will not impose any additional burdens on small entities because most of the changes in the rule do not require the development of new information .
the analysis concludes that the final rule will not impose any additional burdens on small [being] because most of the changes in the rule do not require the development of new information .

While it considered several alternatives to reduce to the burden on small entities , the SEC found that separate treatment for small entities would not be consistent with the protection of investors .
while it considered several alternatives to reduce to the burden on small [being] , the sec found that separate treatment for small [being] would not be consistent with the protection of investors .

Concerning the New Disclosure Option rule , the Final Analysis notes that approximately one-third of the 620 small entities could choose to use the new profile or 207 funds .
concerning the new disclosure option rule , the final analysis notes that approximately one-third of the 620 small [being] could choose to use the new profile or 207 funds .

The analysis finds that the new rule would not be significantly burdensome for small entities because use of the profile is optional and that the information contained in the profile is now typically contained a fund 's prospectus .
the analysis finds that the new rule would not be significantly burdensome for small [being] because use of the profile is optional and that the information contained in the profile is now typically contained a fund 's prospectus .

Using the Small Business Administration 's size designation for this industry of fewer than 750 employees , FDA estimates that 70 percent of the 400 firms in the industry would be considered small entities .
using the small business administration 's size designation for this industry of fewer than 750 employees , fda estimates that 70 percent of the 400 firms in the industry would be considered small [being] .

FDA finds that the one-time cost of compliance for each product , estimated to be $ 600 , should be manageable for small entities even if they manufacture 10 to 20 products that require relabeling at a cost of $ 6,000 to $ 12,000 .
fda finds that the one-time cost of compliance for each product , estimated to be $ 600 , should be manageable for small [being] even if they manufacture 10 to 20 products that require relabeling at a cost of $ 6,000 to $ 12,000 .

The critical success factors and challenges described by the organizations provide useful insights for other entities that are developing informationsharing relationships to assist in critical infrastructure protection .
the critical success factors and challenges described by the organizations provide useful insights for other [being] that are developing informationsharing relationships to assist in critical infrastructure protection .

In 1998 , Congress passed legislation intended to address concerns from private-sector entities about exposure to legal liability and antitrust law violations that might arise due to sharing information on Year 2000 readiness .
in 1998 , congress passed legislation intended to address concerns from private-sector [being] about exposure to legal liability and antitrust law violations that might arise due to sharing information on year 2000 readiness .

The federal government has recognized that mitigating risks to our nation 's critical computer-dependent infrastructures , many of which are privately owned , is a serious challenge requiring coordination and cooperation among federal agencies , public and private-sector entities , and other nations .
the federal government has recognized that mitigating risks to our nation 's critical computer-dependent infrastructures , many of which are privately owned , is a serious challenge requiring coordination and cooperation among federal agencies , public and private-sector [being] , and other nations .

Specifically , it designated `` lead agencies '' within the federal government to work with private-sector and government entities in each of eight infrastructure sectors and five special function areas .
specifically , it designated `` lead agencies '' within the federal government to work with private-sector and government [being] in each of eight infrastructure sectors and five special function areas .

Although six ISACs in five industry sectors had been established as of March 2001 , three had been in existence only since December 2000.3 Further , as we reported in April 2001 , the National Infrastructure Protection Center had mixed success in establishing information-sharing relationships with other government entities and private industry.4 Despite this limited progress , a number of government and private organizations have gained experience in establishing information-sharing relationships .
although six isacs in five industry sectors had been established as of march 2001 , three had been in existence only since december 2000.3 further , as we reported in april 2001 , the national infrastructure protection center had mixed success in establishing information-sharing relationships with other government [being] and private industry.4 despite this limited progress , a number of government and private organizations have gained experience in establishing information-sharing relationships .

These organizations range from groups that disseminate information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities , to those that seek to facilitate information sharing between public and private entities on industry-specific threats , to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale .
these organizations range from groups that disseminate information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities , to those that seek to facilitate information sharing between public and private [being] on industry-specific threats , to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale .

Of 11 organizations , 2 were sponsored by law enforcement entities and most included members from the law enforcement community .
of 11 organizations , 2 were sponsored by law enforcement [being] and most included members from the law enforcement community .

Further , some members from federal agencies said that it took time for them to determine how they could share sensitive , including classified , information with nonfederal government entities .
further , some members from federal agencies said that it took time for them to determine how they could share sensitive , including classified , information with nonfederal government [being] .

Institutionalizing trust was especially important for large organizations and federal entities that typically experienced a great deal of staff turnover .
institutionalizing trust was especially important for large organizations and federal [being] that typically experienced a great deal of staff turnover .

In addition , some members of federally sponsored organizations expressed the concern that members ' potentially sensitive information voluntarily shared with federal entities could be required to be made publicly available under provisions of the Freedom of Information Act , despite existing exemptions for sensitive or proprietary information .
in addition , some members of federally sponsored organizations expressed the concern that members ' potentially sensitive information voluntarily shared with federal [being] could be required to be made publicly available under provisions of the freedom of information act , despite existing exemptions for sensitive or proprietary information .

The critical success factors and challenges described by organizations experienced in sharing sensitive and time-critical information and the lessons they have learned provide useful insights for other entities who are also trying to develop means of appropriately sharing information on computer-based vulnerabilities and the related risks .
the critical success factors and challenges described by organizations experienced in sharing sensitive and time-critical information and the lessons they have learned provide useful insights for other [being] who are also trying to develop means of appropriately sharing information on computer-based vulnerabilities and the related risks .

Prior to 2000 , the Congress held important hearings on Year 2000 readiness , and , in 1998 , passed legislation intended to address concerns from private-sector entities about exposure to legal liability and antitrust law violations that might arise due to sharing information on Year 2000 readiness .
prior to 2000 , the congress held important hearings on year 2000 readiness , and , in 1998 , passed legislation intended to address concerns from private-sector [being] about exposure to legal liability and antitrust law violations that might arise due to sharing information on year 2000 readiness .

To meet these objectives , we studied 11 federal and nonfederal entities experienced in developing relationships and procedures for information sharing .
to meet these objectives , we studied 11 federal and nonfederal [being] experienced in developing relationships and procedures for information sharing .

The participants represent over 150 commercial firms and 140 government entities located in 20 U.S. States and 5 Canadian Provinces .
the participants represent over 150 commercial firms and 140 government [being] located in 20 u.s. states and 5 canadian provinces .

In addition to the quarterly meetings , informal meetings and teleconferences are held among members on an ad hoc basis to discuss issues as they arise , such as assisting entities under attack .
in addition to the quarterly meetings , informal meetings and teleconferences are held among members on an ad hoc basis to discuss issues as they arise , such as assisting [being] under attack .

Since its recognition as an ISAC , NCC 's membership has expanded beyond traditional telecommunications entities , such as telephone companies , to include other technology companies involved in the telecommunications infrastructure .
since its recognition as an isac , ncc 's membership has expanded beyond traditional telecommunications [being] , such as telephone companies , to include other technology companies involved in the telecommunications infrastructure .

In discussing various alternatives to the proposed rule , the SEC decided that , since small entities will benefit from the less restrictive nature of the rule , acceptance of any of the alternatives was not preferable to the rule as proposed .
in discussing various alternatives to the proposed rule , the sec decided that , since small [being] will benefit from the less restrictive nature of the rule , acceptance of any of the alternatives was not preferable to the rule as proposed .

The analysis discusses the definitions of `` small entities '' for the various entities subject to the rule which definitions were adopted by the SEC in Securities Exchange Release No .
the analysis discusses the definitions of `` small [being] '' for the various [being] subject to the rule which definitions were adopted by the sec in securities exchange release no .

While no firm estimate of the number of small entities subject to various provisions of the rule is given , the overall effect of the rule for small entities will be beneficial through a shorter cooling-off period and increased eligibility for passive market making .
while no firm estimate of the number of small [being] subject to various provisions of the rule is given , the overall effect of the rule for small [being] will be beneficial through a shorter cooling-off period and increased eligibility for passive market making .

The analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small entities from coverage of the rule .
the analysis also addresses the various alternatives to the final rule which were considered , including differing compliance or reporting requirements , use of performance rather than design standards , and an exemption for small [being] from coverage of the rule .

These alternatives were rejected because the burden of compliance was not that great for small entities or because of the need for investor protection .
these alternatives were rejected because the burden of compliance was not that great for small [being] or because of the need for investor protection .

GAO/OGC-96-45 However , in the preamble to the final rule , EPA has now determined that the rule will not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
gao/ogc-96-45 however , in the preamble to the final rule , epa has now determined that the rule will not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

This change is due to the deletion from the rule of the regulation of stern drive and inboard engines , which are mainly manufactured by small entities .
this change is due to the deletion from the rule of the regulation of stern drive and inboard engines , which are mainly manufactured by small [being] .

EPA believes that , at most , there are only two firms which manufacture outboard or personal watercraft and jetboat engines that qualify as small entities .
epa believes that , at most , there are only two firms which manufacture outboard or personal watercraft and jetboat engines that qualify as small [being] .

EPA notes in the preamble to the final rule that it has reduced the burdens where possible on these small entities following consideration of the comments received .
epa notes in the preamble to the final rule that it has reduced the burdens where possible on these small [being] following consideration of the comments received .

For example , the Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to ensure that federal agencies , `` when practicable , '' allow individuals and other entities the option to submit information to the agency electronically and maintain records electronically by October 21 , 2003 .
for example , the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to ensure that federal agencies , `` when practicable , '' allow individuals and other [being] the option to submit information to the agency electronically and maintain records electronically by october 21 , 2003 .

For example , the web page for OSHA 's proposed ergonomics rule provides full transcripts of its public hearings and copies of both its health effects and economic analyses for the rule , including the expected effects on small businesses and other small entities .
for example , the web page for osha 's proposed ergonomics rule provides full transcripts of its public hearings and copies of both its health effects and economic analyses for the rule , including the expected effects on small businesses and other small [being] .

For example , the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act ( SBREFA ) requires that EPA and OSHA convene a special review panel before issuing a proposed rule that the agency believes will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
for example , the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act ( sbrefa ) requires that epa and osha convene a special review panel before issuing a proposed rule that the agency believes will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

The panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small entities as part of their deliberative process .
the panels are to collect advice and recommendations from representatives of affected small [being] as part of their deliberative process .

The agency representatives also said that they were not aware of any data suggesting that the lack of a standardized approach to regulatory participation was a problem to either the public in general or to the regulated entities that are most likely to participate in rulemaking .
the agency representatives also said that they were not aware of any data suggesting that the lack of a standardized approach to regulatory participation was a problem to either the public in general or to the regulated [being] that are most likely to participate in rulemaking .

The Board of Governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .
the board of governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .

The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the number and sizes of the small entities affected and the alternatives considered to reduce the burden on small entities .
the analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the number and sizes of the small [being] affected and the alternatives considered to reduce the burden on small [being] .

The preamble to the rule states that no comments were received specifically in response to the IRFA , but that issues were raised that might affect small business entities .
the preamble to the rule states that no comments were received specifically in response to the irfa , but that issues were raised that might affect small business [being] .

Because of the absence of meaningful data concerning the number of entities which are small , the Commission used the 1992 Census of Transportation , Communications and Utilities conducted by the Bureau of the Census as the most recent information available .
because of the absence of meaningful data concerning the number of [being] which are small , the commission used the 1992 census of transportation , communications and utilities conducted by the bureau of the census as the most recent information available .

According to the analysis , 60 winning bidders for the 900 MHz licenses qualify as small entities ( no breakdown of small vs. very small ) .
according to the analysis , 60 winning bidders for the 900 mhz licenses qualify as small [being] ( no breakdown of small vs. very small ) .

Section 607 : Preparation of Analysis Under section 607 , the Commission 's submission does not specifically indicate the potential economic impact on the small entities affected .
section 607 : preparation of analysis under section 607 , the commission 's submission does not specifically indicate the potential economic impact on the small [being] affected .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities Based on the information before us , it appears that there were no special efforts made by the Commission to involve small entities in the rulemaking process , other than the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small [being] based on the information before us , it appears that there were no special efforts made by the commission to involve small [being] in the rulemaking process , other than the actions required by 5 u.s.c .

The automobile manufacturers regulated by the rule do not qualify as small entities within the meaning of the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
the automobile manufacturers regulated by the rule do not qualify as small [being] within the meaning of the regulatory flexibility act .

The procedures will provide opportunities for foreign entities to deliver satellite services here , and the liberalized market conditions resulting from the Agreement will allow U.S. companies to enter previously closed markets .
the procedures will provide opportunities for foreign [being] to deliver satellite services here , and the liberalized market conditions resulting from the agreement will allow u.s. companies to enter previously closed markets .

They also include descriptions of the number of small entities affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities .
they also include descriptions of the number of small [being] affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small [being] .

The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
the analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the classes of small [being] subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small [being] .

The final analysis discusses the FDA 's decision not to exempt small entities from the rule because an exemption for small retailers would shift underage sales to those locations , lessening or eliminating the effectiveness and benefits of the access restrictions .
the final analysis discusses the fda 's decision not to exempt small [being] from the rule because an exemption for small retailers would shift underage sales to those locations , lessening or eliminating the effectiveness and benefits of the access restrictions .

However , a total ban on vending machines and direct mail order sales have been deleted from the final rule because of their impact on small entities .
however , a total ban on vending machines and direct mail order sales have been deleted from the final rule because of their impact on small [being] .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small [being] as required by section 607 and numerous small [being] participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small [being] .

The cost of the Clean Water Act portion of the rule for these entities only exceeded 1 percent of revenues for one of the facilities and in no case did it exceed 3 percent .
the cost of the clean water act portion of the rule for these [being] only exceeded 1 percent of revenues for one of the facilities and in no case did it exceed 3 percent .

EPA GAO/OGC-98-45 estimates that the impact of the Clean Air Act maximum achievable control technology portion of the rule in combination with the Clean Water Act portion is that one facility owned by one of the four small entities may close as a result of the combined impact .
epa gao/ogc-98-45 estimates that the impact of the clean air act maximum achievable control technology portion of the rule in combination with the clean water act portion is that one facility owned by one of the four small [being] may close as a result of the combined impact .

The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections GAO/OGC-97-3 including the classes of small entities subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small entities .
the analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections gao/ogc-97-3 including the classes of small [being] subject to the rule and alternatives considered to reduce the burden on the small [being] .

The FDA , in drafting the rule to ease the burden on small entities , has not applied the design requirements to all Class I devices and component suppliers have been removed from the rule 's coverage .
the fda , in drafting the rule to ease the burden on small [being] , has not applied the design requirements to all class i devices and component suppliers have been removed from the rule 's coverage .

Finally , the FDA will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule .
finally , the fda will conduct workshops , issue guidance manuals and videotapes , and hold teleconferences to aid small [being] in complying with the rule .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in August 1995 and the September 1995 meeting of the Good Manufacturing Practice Advisory Committee .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small [being] as required by section 607 and numerous small [being] participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in august 1995 and the september 1995 meeting of the good manufacturing practice advisory committee .

The analyses describe the reason for the rule and the legal basis for it and include descriptions and estimates of the number of small entities affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities .
the analyses describe the reason for the rule and the legal basis for it and include descriptions and estimates of the number of small [being] affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small [being] .

In the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , there is a lengthy discussion of the steps taken to minimize the burden on small entities and , in particular , a discussion of the reasons why two commenters ' proposals were not incorporated into the final rule .
in the final regulatory flexibility analysis , there is a lengthy discussion of the steps taken to minimize the burden on small [being] and , in particular , a discussion of the reasons why two commenters ' proposals were not incorporated into the final rule .

The Under Secretary for Food , Nutrition , and Consumer Services has certified under section 605 of the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
the under secretary for food , nutrition , and consumer services has certified under section 605 of the act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

The information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .
the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small [being] subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .

The Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis did not discuss any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small entities .
the initial regulatory flexibility analysis did not discuss any significant alternatives minimizing the impact on small [being] .

Although no comments were submitted in direct response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the Commission noted that a number of the general comments on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking raised issues that could affect small entities .
although no comments were submitted in direct response to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis , the commission noted that a number of the general comments on the notice of proposed rulemaking raised issues that could affect small [being] .

The analysis describes and estimates the number of small entities affected by the Report and Order , addressing separately workplaces , confined settings such as hospitals and nursing homes , hotels and motels , and importers and manufacturers Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-36 of telephones for use in the United States .
the analysis describes and estimates the number of small [being] affected by the report and order , addressing separately workplaces , confined settings such as hospitals and nursing homes , hotels and motels , and importers and manufacturers page 2 gao/ogc-96-36 of telephones for use in the united states .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities The Report and Order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee , an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995 .
section 609 : participation by small [being] the report and order , in large part , adopts the unanimous recommendations of the hearing aid compatibility negotiated rulemaking committee , an advisory committee established by the federal communications commission in 1995 .

According to the Commission , the Committee 's membership included small businesses and associations representing both large and small businesses as well as a telecommunication association representing end-users , some of whom are small entities .
according to the commission , the committee 's membership included small businesses and associations representing both large and small businesses as well as a telecommunication association representing end-users , some of whom are small [being] .

They also include descriptions of the number of small entities affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities .
they also include descriptions of the number of small [being] affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small [being] .

However , the FCC points out that installment payments are not the only tool available to assist small entities and that the final rule provides for higher bidding credits , in lieu of installment payments .
however , the fcc points out that installment payments are not the only tool available to assist small [being] and that the final rule provides for higher bidding credits , in lieu of installment payments .

We provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments , agencies , and entities ( subsequently referred to as agencies ) , including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the President 's Council on Integrity and Efficiency , to comment on a draft of the protocols .
we provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments , agencies , and [being] ( subsequently referred to as agencies ) , including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the president 's council on integrity and efficiency , to comment on a draft of the protocols .

I , along with members of the GAO team , look forward to using these protocols to continue to serve the Congress and the American people while maintaining a professional , constructive working relationship with the federal departments , agencies , and other entities that are stakeholders in GAO 's work .
i , along with members of the gao team , look forward to using these protocols to continue to serve the congress and the american people while maintaining a professional , constructive working relationship with the federal departments , agencies , and other [being] that are stakeholders in gao 's work .

Preface This document contains the protocols governing the U.S. General Accounting Office 's ( GAO ) work at federal departments , agencies , and entities ( subsequently referred to in this document as agencies ) .
preface this document contains the protocols governing the u.s. general accounting office 's ( gao ) work at federal departments , agencies , and [being] ( subsequently referred to in this document as agencies ) .

In addition , under certain circumstances , GAO has the authority to access information from other entities receiving federal funds , such as the District of Columbia , state and local governments , and private sector contractors .
in addition , under certain circumstances , gao has the authority to access information from other [being] receiving federal funds , such as the district of columbia , state and local governments , and private sector contractors .

GAO/OGC-96-21 Section 607 : Preparation of analyses Under section 607 , the Commission 's submission does not specifically indicate the potential economic impact or the number of small entities affected .
gao/ogc-96-21 section 607 : preparation of analyses under section 607 , the commission 's submission does not specifically indicate the potential economic impact or the number of small [being] affected .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small [being] in addition to the actions required by 5 u.s.c .

There were no special efforts made by the Commission to involve small entities in the rulemaking process .
there were no special efforts made by the commission to involve small [being] in the rulemaking process .

It also describes the total number of entities of all sizes that may be affected by the rule .
it also describes the total number of [being] of all sizes that may be affected by the rule .

It states that the proposed rule has been designed to minimize the impact on small entities while retaining the benefits of encouraging television broadcast programming that satisfies the requirements of the Children 's Television Act of 1990 .
it states that the proposed rule has been designed to minimize the impact on small [being] while retaining the benefits of encouraging television broadcast programming that satisfies the requirements of the children 's television act of 1990 .

A major portion of the analysis describes the steps the Commission took in attempting to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on GAO/OGC-96-37 various criteria , databases and Census Bureau information .
a major portion of the analysis describes the steps the commission took in attempting to determine the number of small [being] affected by the rule based on gao/ogc-96-37 various criteria , databases and census bureau information .

The Commission believes that these estimates greatly overstate the number of small entities affected and reserves the right to adopt a more suitable definition of `` small business '' as applied to television broadcast stations at a later date following the conclusion of several pending proceedings at the Commission seeking comment on the definition of and data relating to small businesses and compliance with section 601 ( 3 ) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
the commission believes that these estimates greatly overstate the number of small [being] affected and reserves the right to adopt a more suitable definition of `` small business '' as applied to television broadcast stations at a later date following the conclusion of several pending proceedings at the commission seeking comment on the definition of and data relating to small businesses and compliance with section 601 ( 3 ) of the regulatory flexibility act .

The final analysis discusses the comments received and the alternatives considered and the steps taken to minimize the impact on small entities .
the final analysis discusses the comments received and the alternatives considered and the steps taken to minimize the impact on small [being] .

It appears that many of these changes will also reduce the burden on non-small entities .
it appears that many of these changes will also reduce the burden on non-small [being] .

Finally , the Commission will issue a standardized reporting form for the quarterly children 's programming report to ease the information collection burden on small entities .
finally , the commission will issue a standardized reporting form for the quarterly children 's programming report to ease the information collection burden on small [being] .

Section 607 : Preparation of Analysis The Commission 's analysis used both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .
section 607 : preparation of analysis the commission 's analysis used both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small [being] .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small [being] in addition to the actions required by 5 u.s.c .

This coalition of public and private entities undertakes initiatives aimed at raising public awareness about personal finance and retirement planning .
this coalition of public and private [being] undertakes initiatives aimed at raising public awareness about personal finance and retirement planning .

With regard to sections 603 ( b ) ( iii ) and ( iv ) , the Commission states that it uses certain Commissionadopted definitions of `` small entities '' for purposes of its analysis and concludes that it is unable to quantify reasonably the impact that the proposed rule and amendments would have on small dealers and brokers .
with regard to sections 603 ( b ) ( iii ) and ( iv ) , the commission states that it uses certain commissionadopted definitions of `` small [being] '' for purposes of its analysis and concludes that it is unable to quantify reasonably the impact that the proposed rule and amendments would have on small dealers and brokers .

Finally , the Commission rejected the alternative of exempting small entities from the proposed rules and amendments .
finally , the commission rejected the alternative of exempting small [being] from the proposed rules and amendments .

The Commission discusses the two possible groups of small entities that would be subject to this rulemaking and concludes that as many as 100 broker-dealers and as many as 960 Nasdaq Small Cap issuers could be affected by this rulemaking .
the commission discusses the two possible groups of small [being] that would be subject to this rulemaking and concludes that as many as 100 broker-dealers and as many as 960 nasdaq small cap issuers could be affected by this rulemaking .

The Commission describes the projected compliance requirements of the rules and describes the steps taken to minimize the economic impact on small entities , including consideration of several significant alternatives to both the Quote Rule and the Display Rule .
the commission describes the projected compliance requirements of the rules and describes the steps taken to minimize the economic impact on small [being] , including consideration of several significant alternatives to both the quote rule and the display rule .

The Commission has informed the GAO that to encourage small entities to participate in the rulemaking process as called for by section 609 , it distributed a `` plain English '' version of the proposing release , it posted the proposals under the `` Items of Interest to Small Businesses '' section of its Internet Web-site , it met with groups that represent small businesses such as the security Traders Association and the New York Specialists Association , and its senior officials gave speeches describing the proposals and encouraging comments .
the commission has informed the gao that to encourage small [being] to participate in the rulemaking process as called for by section 609 , it distributed a `` plain english '' version of the proposing release , it posted the proposals under the `` items of interest to small businesses '' section of its internet web-site , it met with groups that represent small businesses such as the security traders association and the new york specialists association , and its senior officials gave speeches describing the proposals and encouraging comments .

FDA concluded that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
fda concluded that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small [being] .

The vast majority of entities involved in ruminant production and meat preparation are considered small businesses according to size standards set by the Small Business Administration .
the vast majority of [being] involved in ruminant production and meat preparation are considered small businesses according to size standards set by the small business administration .

The preamble summarizes the issues raised by the public comments to the proposed rule , describes the numbers of small entities affected by the rule , and describes the recordkeeping burden of the rule .
the preamble summarizes the issues raised by the public comments to the proposed rule , describes the numbers of small [being] affected by the rule , and describes the recordkeeping burden of the rule .

FDA also points out that it revised the rule in several respects to decrease the burden on small entities in response to comments received from small businesses .
fda also points out that it revised the rule in several respects to decrease the burden on small [being] in response to comments received from small businesses .

The plan sets forth the goals and strategies needed to support the state « s entities in developing IT plans , in using information resources , and in defining IT performance measures .
the plan sets forth the goals and strategies needed to support the state « s [being] in developing it plans , in using information resources , and in defining it performance measures .

They can evaluate the skills of their employees using methods provided by entities such as Carnegie Mellon University « s Software Engineering Institute6 and the Information Curtis B. Hefley , W.E .
they can evaluate the skills of their employees using methods provided by [being] such as carnegie mellon university « s software engineering institute6 and the information curtis b. hefley , w.e .

Government Management Reform Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103-356 ) ¬ This legislation expands the requirement for a fully audited financial statement under the CFO Act to 24 agencies and components of federal entities designated by the Office of Management and Budget .
government management reform act of 1994 ( public law 103-356 ) ¬ this legislation expands the requirement for a fully audited financial statement under the cfo act to 24 agencies and components of federal [being] designated by the office of management and budget .

We also interviewed the former CIO of the state of California and the current CIO at U.S. West Communications , although we did not conduct comprehensive case studies at these entities .
we also interviewed the former cio of the state of california and the current cio at u.s. west communications , although we did not conduct comprehensive case studies at these [being] .

In the preambles to the proposed and final rules , HUD states without elaboration2 that `` by approving [ the rule the Secretary ] certifies that [ it ] does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , other than those impacts specifically required to be applied universally by the RESPA statute .
in the preambles to the proposed and final rules , hud states without elaboration2 that `` by approving [ the rule the secretary ] certifies that [ it ] does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] , other than those impacts specifically required to be applied universally by the respa statute .

In the discussion of the Regulatory Flexibility Act , the preamble to the final rule states that HUD 's Economic Analysis considers the impact of the rule on small entities .
in the discussion of the regulatory flexibility act , the preamble to the final rule states that hud 's economic analysis considers the impact of the rule on small [being] .

In connection with CLOs , the Analysis identifies potential concerns of small real estate firms and lenders , but also sets forth potential advantages of CLOs to those entities .
in connection with clos , the analysis identifies potential concerns of small real estate firms and lenders , but also sets forth potential advantages of clos to those [being] .

HUD staff explained that the exemptions at issue here would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , to the extent that such an impact could be determined .
hud staff explained that the exemptions at issue here would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small [being] , to the extent that such an impact could be determined .

As we said in Rosenberger , `` [ w ] hen the government disburses public funds to private entities to convey a governmental message , it may take legitimate and appropriate steps to ensure that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee . ''
as we said in rosenberger , `` [ w ] hen the government disburses public funds to private [being] to convey a governmental message , it may take legitimate and appropriate steps to ensure that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee . ''

It thus bans LSC-funded entities from participating on either side of litigation involving such statutes , from participating in rulemaking relating to the implementation of such legislation , and from lobbying Congress itself regarding any proposed changes to such legislation .
it thus bans lsc-funded [being] from participating on either side of litigation involving such statutes , from participating in rulemaking relating to the implementation of such legislation , and from lobbying congress itself regarding any proposed changes to such legislation .

Many important agricultural states , such as Arkansas , Kentucky , New Mexico , and Texas have no such entities .
many important agricultural states , such as arkansas , kentucky , new mexico , and texas have no such [being] .

Continuing Resolution In the 1996 Omnibus Continuing Resolution , Congress revised the restrictions on alien assistance by applying the restrictions to all funds received by LSC entities .
continuing resolution in the 1996 omnibus continuing resolution , congress revised the restrictions on alien assistance by applying the restrictions to all funds received by lsc [being] .

The record before the Commission is undisputed that LSC entities can not provide full and meaningful representation to H-2A workers and to many other eligible aliens under the alternative constructions of the presence requirement .
the record before the commission is undisputed that lsc [being] can not provide full and meaningful representation to h-2a workers and to many other eligible aliens under the alternative constructions of the presence requirement .

When asked , LSC made available information on consultants with special expertise in merging non-profit entities .
when asked , lsc made available information on consultants with special expertise in merging non-profit [being] .

A design team of 14 representatives from the legal services community - including providers , clients , courts and other stakeholder entities - worked assiduously over the year to produce a tool that will be tested in 2003 , revised pursuant to that process , and ultimately used nationally .
a design team of 14 representatives from the legal services community - including providers , clients , courts and other stakeholder [being] - worked assiduously over the year to produce a tool that will be tested in 2003 , revised pursuant to that process , and ultimately used nationally .

Our productive relationships with these entities led to additional opportunities for information gathering and sharing .
our productive relationships with these [being] led to additional opportunities for information gathering and sharing .

LSC views the issues concerning the CSR data to be akin to those encountered by many government entities as they attempt to meet the goals envisioned by the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) .
lsc views the issues concerning the csr data to be akin to those encountered by many government [being] as they attempt to meet the goals envisioned by the government performance and results act ( gpra ) .

They considered ways in which the 33 civil legal services programs in the state ( including the 12 LSC entities ) should expand partnerships to ensure that low-income Floridians had access to a full array of the highest quality legal services possible .
they considered ways in which the 33 civil legal services programs in the state ( including the 12 lsc [being] ) should expand partnerships to ensure that low-income floridians had access to a full array of the highest quality legal services possible .

The IJC developed a website with both public and private sections ( www.indianajustice.org ) , sponsors training events , coordinates community legal education materials , oversees the pilot hotline project and serves as a voice for legal services to the bar , judiciary and other entities .
the ijc developed a website with both public and private sections ( www.indianajustice.org ) , sponsors training events , coordinates community legal education materials , oversees the pilot hotline project and serves as a voice for legal services to the bar , judiciary and other [being] .

Since then , activities have been coordinated through an Access to Justice Network that includes all the entities involved in planning efforts .
since then , activities have been coordinated through an access to justice network that includes all the [being] involved in planning efforts .

The legal services programs have entered into written partnership agreements with 46 entities across the state that have agreed to house the work stations and provide personnel to be trained to assist potential clients with computerized access to legal services programs and other attorney providers .
the legal services programs have entered into written partnership agreements with 46 [being] across the state that have agreed to house the work stations and provide personnel to be trained to assist potential clients with computerized access to legal services programs and other attorney providers .

As a result of these 1995 planning activities , the Access to Justice Board reconfigured the delivery structure in Washington and created two statewide legal services entities -- Columbia Legal Services and the Northwest Justice Project ( NJP ) -- to coordinate and supplement the activities of an extensive network of legal services advocates , pro bono projects , other providers and supporters within the state of Washington .
as a result of these 1995 planning activities , the access to justice board reconfigured the delivery structure in washington and created two statewide legal services [being] -- columbia legal services and the northwest justice project ( njp ) -- to coordinate and supplement the activities of an extensive network of legal services advocates , pro bono projects , other providers and supporters within the state of washington .

It also requires continuous dedication and effort on the part of all those entities and individuals in the state committed to equal justice .
it also requires continuous dedication and effort on the part of all those [being] and individuals in the state committed to equal justice .

Such planning entities are generally composed of an array of civil equal justice delivery stakeholders , including but not limited to representatives from the state bar association , state IOLTA funding entity , staffed legal services programs ( LSC and non-LSC ) , the pro bono community , client organizations , clients and others with an interest and commitment to effective delivery of civil legal services to poor and vulnerable people in the state .
such planning [being] are generally composed of an array of civil equal justice delivery stakeholders , including but not limited to representatives from the state bar association , state iolta funding entity , staffed legal services programs ( lsc and non-lsc ) , the pro bono community , client organizations , clients and others with an interest and commitment to effective delivery of civil legal services to poor and vulnerable people in the state .

The existing deadline for entities to submit new applications based on those actions is moved up from January 1 , 2010 to one year after enactment .
the existing deadline for [being] to submit new applications based on those actions is moved up from january 1 , 2010 to one year after enactment .

Further , the attainment efforts of individual States and localities not only impose costs on these entities , but also can increase complexity for companies which face differing requirements when operations cross state lines .
further , the attainment efforts of individual states and localities not only impose costs on these [being] , but also can increase complexity for companies which face differing requirements when operations cross state lines .

Many state and local entities believed they had little to gain from having a full-time representative on a JTTF .
many state and local [being] believed they had little to gain from having a full-time representative on a jttf .

Independent from the departments of Defense , State , Justice , and other policy departments , the DCI heads the U.S.intelligence community and provides intelligence to federal entities .
independent from the departments of defense , state , justice , and other policy departments , the dci heads the u.s.intelligence community and provides intelligence to federal [being] .

Agencies with lead responsibility for certain problems have constructed their own interagency entities and task forces in order to get cooperation .
agencies with lead responsibility for certain problems have constructed their own interagency [being] and task forces in order to get cooperation .

To avoid the fate of other entities with great nominal authority and little real power , the head of the NCTC must have the right to concur in the choices of personnel to lead the operating entities of the departments and agencies focused on counterterrorism , specifically including the head of the Counterterrorist Center , the head of the FBI 's Counterterrorism Division , the commanders of the Defense Department 's Special Operations Command and Northern Command , and the State Department 's coordinator for counterterrorism .
to avoid the fate of other [being] with great nominal authority and little real power , the head of the nctc must have the right to concur in the choices of personnel to lead the operating [being] of the departments and agencies focused on counterterrorism , specifically including the head of the counterterrorist center , the head of the fbi 's counterterrorism division , the commanders of the defense department 's special operations command and northern command , and the state department 's coordinator for counterterrorism .

The overall funding request of the 15 intelligence entities in this program is then presented to the president and Congress in 15 separate volumes .
the overall funding request of the 15 intelligence [being] in this program is then presented to the president and congress in 15 separate volumes .

Dozens of government agencies and other entities provided the Commission with more than 2.5 million pages of documents and other materials , including more than 1,000 hours of audiotapes .
dozens of government agencies and other [being] provided the commission with more than 2.5 million pages of documents and other materials , including more than 1,000 hours of audiotapes .

We use the following abbreviations for the agencies and entities that produced the bulk of these documents : AAL-American Airlines ; CIA-Central Intelligence Agency ; DCI-Director of Central Intelligence ; DHS-Department of Homeland Security ; DOD-Department of Defense ; DOJ-Department of Justice ; DOS-Department of State ; DOT-Department of Transportation ; EPA-Environmental Protection Agency ; FAA-Federal Aviation Administration ; FBI-Federal Bureau of Investigation ; FDNY-Fire Department of New York ; GAO-General Accounting Office ; INS-Immigration and Naturalization Service ; NEADS-Northeast Air Defense Sector ; NSA-National Security Agency ; NSC-National Security Council ; NTSB-National Transportation Safety Board ; NYPD-New York Police Department ; OEM-Office of Emergency Management , City of New York ; PANYNJ or Port Authority-Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ; PAPD-Port Authority Police Department ; SEC-Securities and Exchange Commission ; Treasury-Department of Treasury ; TSA-Transportation Security Administration ; UAL-United Air Lines ; USSS-United States Secret Service .
we use the following abbreviations for the agencies and [being] that produced the bulk of these documents : aal-american airlines ; cia-central intelligence agency ; dci-director of central intelligence ; dhs-department of homeland security ; dod-department of defense ; doj-department of justice ; dos-department of state ; dot-department of transportation ; epa-environmental protection agency ; faa-federal aviation administration ; fbi-federal bureau of investigation ; fdny-fire department of new york ; gao-general accounting office ; ins-immigration and naturalization service ; neads-northeast air defense sector ; nsa-national security agency ; nsc-national security council ; ntsb-national transportation safety board ; nypd-new york police department ; oem-office of emergency management , city of new york ; panynj or port authority-port authority of new york and new jersey ; papd-port authority police department ; sec-securities and exchange commission ; treasury-department of treasury ; tsa-transportation security administration ; ual-united air lines ; usss-united states secret service .

We also recommend the consolidation of authority over the now far-flung entities constituting the intelligence community .
we also recommend the consolidation of authority over the now far-flung [being] constituting the intelligence community .

Natural selection has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .
natural selection has so molded biological [being] that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .

Of course , bioinformatics and computational biology are not entirely separable entities ; they represent ends of a spectrum , differing in the degree of emphasis placed on large versus small data sets , and statistical versus deterministic analyses .
of course , bioinformatics and computational biology are not entirely separable [being] ; they represent ends of a spectrum , differing in the degree of emphasis placed on large versus small data sets , and statistical versus deterministic analyses .

Different business models for financing R & D could be tested in such a market , with intermediators experimenting with prize systems , direct investments in profit or nonprofit entities , open collaborative public good models , or other approaches .
different business models for financing r & d could be tested in such a market , with intermediators experimenting with prize systems , direct investments in profit or nonprofit [being] , open collaborative public good models , or other approaches .

A small number of patterns describe a reasonable portion of protein–protein interactions , gene names , or mutations , but many of those entities are described by a pattern of words that 's only ever used once .
a small number of patterns describe a reasonable portion of protein–protein interactions , gene names , or mutations , but many of those [being] are described by a pattern of words that 's only ever used once .

Available text mining solutions are concerned with named entity ( NE ) recognition ( entities are , for example , proteins , species , and cell lines ) , with identification of relationships between NEs ( such as protein interactions ) , and with the classification of text subphrases according to annotation schemata in general ( thyroid receptor is a thyroid hormone receptor ) [ 9,10,11,12,13,14,15 ] .
available text mining solutions are concerned with named entity ( ne ) recognition ( [being] are , for example , proteins , species , and cell lines ) , with identification of relationships between nes ( such as protein interactions ) , and with the classification of text subphrases according to annotation schemata in general ( thyroid receptor is a thyroid hormone receptor ) [ 9,10,11,12,13,14,15 ] .

I think it likely that naturalists from a different planet , silicon entities evolved under very different circumstances , would find tropical forests uninteresting ( mainly primary producers with some herbivory and mutualisms ) and animal guts fascinating , with their complex metabolic networks in which each node is manned by different species with wildly varying means of energy production .
i think it likely that naturalists from a different planet , silicon [being] evolved under very different circumstances , would find tropical forests uninteresting ( mainly primary producers with some herbivory and mutualisms ) and animal guts fascinating , with their complex metabolic networks in which each node is manned by different species with wildly varying means of energy production .

It is at least as likely that the microbial world , resentful at being either ignored or exterminated , will come up with something to consign us to a footnote in the history of life when it is ultimately written by the silicon entities .
it is at least as likely that the microbial world , resentful at being either ignored or exterminated , will come up with something to consign us to a footnote in the history of life when it is ultimately written by the silicon [being] .

When Darwin first introduced the concept of evolution ( Darwin 1859 ) , he challenged the prevailing view that species were fixed entities with a single , invariable genetic identity .
when darwin first introduced the concept of evolution ( darwin 1859 ) , he challenged the prevailing view that species were fixed [being] with a single , invariable genetic identity .

Odors are hardly presentable on a physical continuum ( like the wavelength of light ) ; they are multidimensional entities that can vary from small gaseous molecules to long-chained hydrocarbons [ 25,26 ] .
odors are hardly presentable on a physical continuum ( like the wavelength of light ) ; they are multidimensional [being] that can vary from small gaseous molecules to long-chained hydrocarbons [ 25,26 ] .

On the other hand , are odor mixtures simply perceived as a compound entity with distinct components ( like a triad in vertebrate pitch perception ) , or are mixtures unique entities that are perceived as fundamentally different from their elements ( like “ white ” in color perception ) ?
on the other hand , are odor mixtures simply perceived as a compound entity with distinct components ( like a triad in vertebrate pitch perception ) , or are mixtures unique [being] that are perceived as fundamentally different from their elements ( like “ white ” in color perception ) ?

PSM students are specifically trained to act as such “ science translators. ” “ [ My PSM ] allows me to serve as an efficient mediator between corporate entities , university personnel , and scientists , ” says Herzer .
psm students are specifically trained to act as such “ science translators. ” “ [ my psm ] allows me to serve as an efficient mediator between corporate [being] , university personnel , and scientists , ” says herzer .

The trials should be conducted by the federal government—or other independent entities that do not have any ties to the chemical industry—and funded by an industry fee or tax .
the trials should be conducted by the federal government—or other independent [being] that do not have any ties to the chemical industry—and funded by an industry fee or tax .

The explicate order is a projection from higher dimensional levels of reality , and the apparent stability and solidity of the objects and entities composing it are generated and sustained by a ceaseless process of enfoldment and unfoldment , for subatomic particles are constantly dissolving into the implicate order and then recrystallizing .
the explicate order is a projection from higher dimensional levels of reality , and the apparent stability and solidity of the objects and [being] composing it are generated and sustained by a ceaseless process of enfoldment and unfoldment , for subatomic particles are constantly dissolving into the implicate order and then recrystallizing .

A corporation is not a moral entity ; it 's the corporation 's flesh and blood owners who are moral entities .
a corporation is not a moral entity ; it 's the corporation 's flesh and blood owners who are moral [being] .

For that matter , those hapless aliens ca n't stay ahead of the doughty X-Files team without a conspiratorial collaboration with that least effective of all entities , the U.S. government .
for that matter , those hapless aliens ca n't stay ahead of the doughty x-files team without a conspiratorial collaboration with that least effective of all [being] , the u.s. government .

Meanwhile , media outlets and well-established polling entities such as the Gallup Organization say they are staying away from Internet polling -- for now .
meanwhile , media outlets and well-established polling [being] such as the gallup organization say they are staying away from internet polling -- for now .

It said Thursday in an editorial , `` One of the region 's smallest entities -- a crypto State with a tiny population and minimal resources -- is grabbing the headlines and the sympathies of the world , sidelining the great issues of trade and commerce on Apec 's agenda . ''
it said thursday in an editorial , `` one of the region 's smallest [being] -- a crypto state with a tiny population and minimal resources -- is grabbing the headlines and the sympathies of the world , sidelining the great issues of trade and commerce on apec 's agenda . ''

Thanks to virtually free e-mail , the velocity of chain mail has accelerated on the Net , and successful chains now billow into huge , tumorous entities in a matter of weeks .
thanks to virtually free e-mail , the velocity of chain mail has accelerated on the net , and successful chains now billow into huge , tumorous [being] in a matter of weeks .

If such activity is considered bribery when foreign nationals engage in it , why is it any different when domestic entities put our campaign system of legalized bribery to use ?
if such activity is considered bribery when foreign nationals engage in it , why is it any different when domestic [being] put our campaign system of legalized bribery to use ?

Is it any wonder that , after the breakup of the Soviet Union , the economic marginal utility of U.S. foreign policy has skyrocketed and foreign entities are anteing up to the larger pot the United States has to offer ?
is it any wonder that , after the breakup of the soviet union , the economic marginal utility of u.s. foreign policy has skyrocketed and foreign [being] are anteing up to the larger pot the united states has to offer ?

The LAT notes that this feature of the deal , tying up as it does many production and distribution entities , could stimulate other similar mergers among companies now needing more than ever to tie up their own .
the lat notes that this feature of the deal , tying up as it does many production and distribution [being] , could stimulate other similar mergers among companies now needing more than ever to tie up their own .

These include ideas such as limiting the appeals that states and individuals can file if the feds decline to pick up restoration costs -- while these appeals are pending , FEMA has to pick up the full costs of relocating not only families but also such expensive entities as city halls and universities .
these include ideas such as limiting the appeals that states and individuals can file if the feds decline to pick up restoration costs -- while these appeals are pending , fema has to pick up the full costs of relocating not only families but also such expensive [being] as city halls and universities .

They spend their days piecing together complicated , scrupulously logical tales about these hallucinatory entities , which they believe are vastly more important than anything in the actual world .
they spend their days piecing together complicated , scrupulously logical tales about these hallucinatory [being] , which they believe are vastly more important than anything in the actual world .

This bold guess about the solutions to a certain complex-valued infinite series ( made by the incomparable Bernhard Riemann in 1859 ) would , if true , have far-reaching implications for the structure of the most basic of entities , the natural numbers .
this bold guess about the solutions to a certain complex-valued infinite series ( made by the incomparable bernhard riemann in 1859 ) would , if true , have far-reaching implications for the structure of the most basic of [being] , the natural numbers .

He knows how to isolate cultural decision points -- the moment , say , when the populist cause was lost and William Jennings Bryan became a fool -- and how to pin down such phantom entities as social conformity between the wars and Southern agrarian idealism .
he knows how to isolate cultural decision points -- the moment , say , when the populist cause was lost and william jennings bryan became a fool -- and how to pin down such phantom [being] as social conformity between the wars and southern agrarian idealism .

McCain claims only 15 letters sought help for entities that contributed more than $ 2,000 to his presidential coffers , but the Times points out that the campaign 's count may exclude letters written to aid Senate campaign contributors and lobbyists .
mccain claims only 15 letters sought help for [being] that contributed more than $ 2,000 to his presidential coffers , but the times points out that the campaign 's count may exclude letters written to aid senate campaign contributors and lobbyists .

Almost without exception , when corporations have tried to reinvent themselves as more sophisticated and complex entities , they have chosen names distinguished only by their obliqueness and lack of intuitive appeal .
almost without exception , when corporations have tried to reinvent themselves as more sophisticated and complex [being] , they have chosen names distinguished only by their obliqueness and lack of intuitive appeal .

If we prevent future generations from being conceived in the first place , and if the unconceived do n't count as moral entities , then our crimes have no victims , so they 're not true crimes .
if we prevent future generations from being conceived in the first place , and if the unconceived do n't count as moral [being] , then our crimes have no victims , so they 're not true crimes .

As for mailings from entities such as Publishers Clearing House that frequently send material to dogs and toddlers , there is no recourse .
as for mailings from [being] such as publishers clearing house that frequently send material to dogs and toddlers , there is no recourse .

Created as separate entities from their national counterparts , they are in large part regulated by state law .
created as separate [being] from their national counterparts , they are in large part regulated by state law .

The 100 maps selected for representation from the Survey yield information on several hundred words , some of which are clear variants , others quite different lexical entities .
the 100 maps selected for representation from the survey yield information on several hundred words , some of which are clear variants , others quite different lexical [being] .

Some government entities publish acronym lists .
some government [being] publish acronym lists .

The time has come , as it does to all entities , animate and inanimate , to say goodby .
the time has come , as it does to all [being] , animate and inanimate , to say goodby .

The Afterword concludes with a look at words as single entities .
the afterword concludes with a look at words as single [being] .

