He enumerates also many symptoms easily recognisable as those of psychosis .
he [counts/lists] also many symptoms easily recognisable as those of psychosis .

Russo 's ( 1982 ) review of current , mainly feminist , psychology of women courses enumerates the ignored elements of women 's lives on which they concentrate : birth control , abortion , lesbianism , minority women 's experience , and the effects of male power and violence .
russo 's ( 1982 ) review of current , mainly feminist , psychology of women courses [counts/lists] the ignored elements of women 's lives on which they concentrate : birth control , abortion , lesbianism , minority women 's experience , and the effects of male power and violence .

The table d'orientation on the parapet enumerates eighty-three individual peaks to be picked out , from one extremity to the other of a sixty-mile horizon .
the table d'orientation on the parapet [counts/lists] eighty-three individual peaks to be picked out , from one extremity to the other of a sixty-mile horizon .

He was enormously prolific ; Alberto Ghislanzoni 's thematic catalogue enumerates 263 solo cantatas , canzoni , and arias , and more than a hundred more for two or three voices .
he was enormously prolific ; alberto ghislanzoni 's thematic catalogue [counts/lists] 263 solo cantatas , canzoni , and arias , and more than a hundred more for two or three voices .

Apollinaire describes Picasso 's method of work in this way : ‘ Using planes to render volumes , Picasso enumerates the different elements composing objects in such a complete and penetrating manner that they only assume the aspect of objects thanks to the spectators ’ efforts , who are of necessity aware of their simultaneity , precisely because of their arrangement .
apollinaire describes picasso 's method of work in this way : ‘ using planes to render volumes , picasso [counts/lists] the different elements composing objects in such a complete and penetrating manner that they only assume the aspect of objects thanks to the spectators ’ efforts , who are of necessity aware of their simultaneity , precisely because of their arrangement .

Through the favour of the king and of the Earl of Gloucester he built up a large estate in Kent and elsewhere : a royal grant of 1315 enumerates lands in forty-six places spread through eight counties .
through the favour of the king and of the earl of gloucester he built up a large estate in kent and elsewhere : a royal grant of 1315 [counts/lists] lands in forty-six places spread through eight counties .

What has to be registered Section 396 , which sets out the charges that have to be registered , enumerates a list of registrable charges and any charge not on the list does not have to be registered .
what has to be registered section 396 , which sets out the charges that have to be registered , [counts/lists] a list of registrable charges and any charge not on the list does not have to be registered .

No money figures are ever mentioned -- an interesting omission when the typical story about welfare recipients enumerates the monthly `` giveaway '' check down to the penny .
no money figures are ever mentioned -- an interesting omission when the typical story about welfare recipients [counts/lists] the monthly `` giveaway '' check down to the penny .

The Department of Veterans Affairs report enumerates more than 3,000 mistakes made in V.A .
the department of veterans affairs report [counts/lists] more than 3,000 mistakes made in v.a .

He chews over his past , counts up his debtors , enumerates his aches and pains , and worries the issue of subjectivity to the bone .
he chews over his past , counts up his debtors , [counts/lists] his aches and pains , and worries the issue of subjectivity to the bone .

The Linton Weeks story merely enumerates the just-announced finalists in the various categories without commenting on their merits .
the linton weeks story merely [counts/lists] the just-announced finalists in the various categories without commenting on their merits .

The Journal enumerates some of the things it says have nonetheless not yet finished Russia off : Average wages down 40 percent from a year ago , 1.1 million folks have lost their jobs ( since when ? )
the journal [counts/lists] some of the things it says have nonetheless not yet finished russia off : average wages down 40 percent from a year ago , 1.1 million folks have lost their jobs ( since when ? )

