He did not enumerate them , but it is not hard to reconstruct them from the records of over half a century of Masai administration .
he did not [count/list] them , but it is not hard to reconstruct them from the records of over half a century of masai administration .

Thus , although he does not enumerate a catalogue of rights it seems clear that it is chiefly the conventional political and civil liberties , including a right to freedom of conscience , that are associated with the traditional doctrine of liberalism which would qualify as rights in the strong sense .
thus , although he does not [count/list] a catalogue of rights it seems clear that it is chiefly the conventional political and civil liberties , including a right to freedom of conscience , that are associated with the traditional doctrine of liberalism which would qualify as rights in the strong sense .

Unfortunately , because such situations are created by combinations of events the number of possibilities is very large and it would be prohibitively tedious to enumerate all of them .
unfortunately , because such situations are created by combinations of events the number of possibilities is very large and it would be prohibitively tedious to [count/list] all of them .

In problems on tort and criminal law the student is expected to enumerate and discuss all the possible torts or crimes that may have been committed on the facts given in the problem , and also all the possible defences that may be raised .
in problems on tort and criminal law the student is expected to [count/list] and discuss all the possible torts or crimes that may have been committed on the facts given in the problem , and also all the possible defences that may be raised .

It is an invitation to enumerate the conventions and to contrast them with the law .
it is an invitation to [count/list] the conventions and to contrast them with the law .

Enumerate the points to be made , and state what part of the argument is being left to your junior ( if you are acting as leader ) .
[count/list] the points to be made , and state what part of the argument is being left to your junior ( if you are acting as leader ) .

engendered studies that try to enumerate the demands for transport in rural areas and then attempt to change network and service configuration to minimize the subsidy needed and meet the demand so enumerated .
engendered studies that try to [count/list] the demands for transport in rural areas and then attempt to change network and service configuration to minimize the subsidy needed and meet the demand so enumerated .

There is , of course , one important difference , namely , that in the latter case the meaning options are paralleled by differences of form , and so it is easy to individuate and enumerate the elements from which the choice must be made .
there is , of course , one important difference , namely , that in the latter case the meaning options are paralleled by differences of form , and so it is easy to individuate and [count/list] the elements from which the choice must be made .

They do n't enumerate their achievements and explain why they should be regarded with respect .
they do n't [count/list] their achievements and explain why they should be regarded with respect .

It may be sufficient for many purposes just to enumerate textual examples of the feature under discussion .
it may be sufficient for many purposes just to [count/list] textual examples of the feature under discussion .

Too encyclopaedic to enumerate fully here , the selection has always been based upon Stünke 's personal feeling for quality .
too encyclopaedic to [count/list] fully here , the selection has always been based upon stünke 's personal feeling for quality .

To state the relevant causal circumstance , would we not have to do what we can hardly hope to do , which is to enumerate parts of much of the whole state of the universe at or during a time ?
to state the relevant causal circumstance , would we not have to do what we can hardly hope to do , which is to [count/list] parts of much of the whole state of the universe at or during a time ?

No one can enumerate the conditions and events which issued ill the first sighting of Halley 's Comet or the weights of man-made objects in the Northern Hemisphere in the nineteenth century , but it would be bizarre to say that no clear ideas attach to those definite descriptions .
no one can [count/list] the conditions and events which issued ill the first sighting of halley 's comet or the weights of man-made objects in the northern hemisphere in the nineteenth century , but it would be bizarre to say that no clear ideas attach to those definite descriptions .

The procedures employed to conduct the second multi-agency enumeration survey were similar to those adopted in the first survey , the main differences being the need to revise the agencies employed to enumerate problem drug users ( see Parker et al .
the procedures employed to conduct the second multi-agency enumeration survey were similar to those adopted in the first survey , the main differences being the need to revise the agencies employed to [count/list] problem drug users ( see parker et al .

Consequently specially designed research projects have attempted to enumerate hospital readmission rates .
consequently specially designed research projects have attempted to [count/list] hospital readmission rates .

The first task in attempting to enumerate the extent and nature of informal care is to define what is meant by the term ‘ carer ’ .
the first task in attempting to [count/list] the extent and nature of informal care is to define what is meant by the term ‘ carer ’ .

It is a feature of most surveys concerned with older people that they enumerate the care received by older people but rarely ask about the care that is provided by older people themselves .
it is a feature of most surveys concerned with older people that they [count/list] the care received by older people but rarely ask about the care that is provided by older people themselves .

Enumerative classification schemes aim to enumerate or list all subjects present in the literature which the scheme is intended to classify .
enumerative classification schemes aim to [count/list] or list all subjects present in the literature which the scheme is intended to classify .

Our study is the first to enumerate γ-interferon producing cells in sections of human intestine and the results show that a remarkably large proportion of lymphocytes in the lamina propria and epithelium of normal small bowel mucosa contain γ-interferon .
our study is the first to [count/list] γ-interferon producing cells in sections of human intestine and the results show that a remarkably large proportion of lymphocytes in the lamina propria and epithelium of normal small bowel mucosa contain γ-interferon .

, and at the points we enumerate offers the following marginal comments : 1 . )
, and at the points we [count/list] offers the following marginal comments : 1 . )

Here , there is only space to enumerate the conclusions .
here , there is only space to [count/list] the conclusions .

There is not space to enumerate all his works which arose from such associations , but The Battle of Tewkesbury for voices and instrumental ensemble for the 1971 Tewkesbury Festival and Henry Purcell for counter-tenor , clarino obbligato and strings for Alfred Deller and Stour Music ( 1971 ) , the Jubilate for Charlton Kings Choral Society ( 1979 ) , the Scherzo for piano and orchestra for Douglas Smith and the Cheltenham Sunday Players , the moving Concerto for trumpet and strings in memory of Bernard Brown ( 1976 ) , and the Cantate Domino in memory of John Clough ( 1978 ) are all interesting examples that deserve to be heard again .
there is not space to [count/list] all his works which arose from such associations , but the battle of tewkesbury for voices and instrumental ensemble for the 1971 tewkesbury festival and henry purcell for counter-tenor , clarino obbligato and strings for alfred deller and stour music ( 1971 ) , the jubilate for charlton kings choral society ( 1979 ) , the scherzo for piano and orchestra for douglas smith and the cheltenham sunday players , the moving concerto for trumpet and strings in memory of bernard brown ( 1976 ) , and the cantate domino in memory of john clough ( 1978 ) are all interesting examples that deserve to be heard again .

Such judicial records , of course , do not enumerate the sundry street harassments such as that noted by one Liverpudlian in the 1920s : ‘ Everyday , you 'd see twenty or thirty men standing on street corners and sitting on doorsteps .
such judicial records , of course , do not [count/list] the sundry street harassments such as that noted by one liverpudlian in the 1920s : ‘ everyday , you 'd see twenty or thirty men standing on street corners and sitting on doorsteps .

This would at least enumerate the problem is he now faced , and acquaint the Chancellor about his complete lack of progress .
this would at least [count/list] the problem is he now faced , and acquaint the chancellor about his complete lack of progress .

I begin by vitiating my assumption that one can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere , then try to show that the implications are that the number of potentially relevant properties is vastly hyperastronomical and that there is no way in the lifetime of the universe for any knower within the universe to enumerate , let alone work with , all the possible properties or categories and their causal consequences .
i begin by vitiating my assumption that one can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere , then try to show that the implications are that the number of potentially relevant properties is vastly hyperastronomical and that there is no way in the lifetime of the universe for any knower within the universe to [count/list] , let alone work with , all the possible properties or categories and their causal consequences .

My best bet is that the incapacity to finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere is deeply related to the incapacity to enumerate and predict all the possible detailed dynamics of coupled molecular systems by any computational system in the universe .
my best bet is that the incapacity to finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere is deeply related to the incapacity to [count/list] and predict all the possible detailed dynamics of coupled molecular systems by any computational system in the universe .

This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr 's report on the great love affair , which will enumerate romps `` in the Presidential limo , the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM ! ''
this week the enquirer offers a preview of ken starr 's report on the great love affair , which will [count/list] romps `` in the presidential limo , the oval office and even the lincoln bedroom ! ''

On it goes , in details too creepy to enumerate .
on it goes , in details too creepy to [count/list] .

Heseltine declined to enumerate his disagreements with his bosses but said : `` Put it this way , it 's nothing to do with ill health , it 's not to pursue other interests , it 's not to spend more time with my family . ''
heseltine declined to [count/list] his disagreements with his bosses but said : `` put it this way , it 's nothing to do with ill health , it 's not to pursue other interests , it 's not to spend more time with my family . ''

Unfortunately , hereditary monarchy has offsetting drawbacks , which I assume I do n't need to enumerate for the readers of Slate .
unfortunately , hereditary monarchy has offsetting drawbacks , which i assume i do n't need to [count/list] for the readers of slate .

Match the numbers with the movie lore they enumerate .
match the numbers with the movie lore they [count/list] .

