It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 .
it will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages [counted/listed] in table 1 .

As a groundwork for the proposal I give some attention to the first task enumerated above , the clarification of goal .
as a groundwork for the proposal i give some attention to the first task [counted/listed] above , the clarification of goal .

Such objectives can be enumerated as follows .
such objectives can be [counted/listed] as follows .

When Chadwick 's comments on the trade are examined it becomes abundantly clear why hire companies such as Robert Green 's were required : ‘ The number of persons whose sole business is that of undertaker , whose names are enumerated in the post-office directory for the year 1843 for the metropolis , is 275 .
when chadwick 's comments on the trade are examined it becomes abundantly clear why hire companies such as robert green 's were required : ‘ the number of persons whose sole business is that of undertaker , whose names are [counted/listed] in the post-office directory for the year 1843 for the metropolis , is 275 .

All the same not every lessee was enumerated as a resident of the parish where the land was situated : in Kidderminster Foreign only one out of the five named was .
all the same not every lessee was [counted/listed] as a resident of the parish where the land was situated : in kidderminster foreign only one out of the five named was .

In attempting to elaborate upon this and to answer the question , ‘ How do we establish other rights , or define the content of the rights which are enumerated ?
in attempting to elaborate upon this and to answer the question , ‘ how do we establish other rights , or define the content of the rights which are [counted/listed] ?

Parliament listed a number of goods , known as the ‘ enumerated articles ’ , which the colonies were not allowed to send anywhere outside the empire , and which were to be carried out only in ships from England or from the country of origin .
parliament listed a number of goods , known as the ‘ [counted/listed] articles ’ , which the colonies were not allowed to send anywhere outside the empire , and which were to be carried out only in ships from england or from the country of origin .

The ‘ enumerated articles ’ included most of the more important English imports from areas in the temperate zones and almost all the goods exported from the tropical and semi-tropical regions in which the colonies most committed to trade were to be found .
the ‘ [counted/listed] articles ’ included most of the more important english imports from areas in the temperate zones and almost all the goods exported from the tropical and semi-tropical regions in which the colonies most committed to trade were to be found .

Survey methodology is a highly developed technique for obtaining a representative sample of opinions and attitudes from an enumerated population , but the interactive technique used in such surveys is designed to keep rapport at a moderate level and filter out all information that can not be coded in the scheme developed .
survey methodology is a highly developed technique for obtaining a representative sample of opinions and attitudes from an [counted/listed] population , but the interactive technique used in such surveys is designed to keep rapport at a moderate level and filter out all information that can not be coded in the scheme developed .

Since there is no enumerated list of British black persons ( even assuming that this is a well-defined category ) , speakers from the British black community can not be systematically sampled from a range of social classes .
since there is no [counted/listed] list of british black persons ( even assuming that this is a well-defined category ) , speakers from the british black community can not be systematically sampled from a range of social classes .

engendered studies that try to enumerate the demands for transport in rural areas and then attempt to change network and service configuration to minimize the subsidy needed and meet the demand so enumerated .
engendered studies that try to enumerate the demands for transport in rural areas and then attempt to change network and service configuration to minimize the subsidy needed and meet the demand so [counted/listed] .

The Recommendations , like the Conclusions , should be clearly enumerated .
the recommendations , like the conclusions , should be clearly [counted/listed] .

The privately rented sector has traditionally been enumerated according to whether it is let furnished or unfurnished , with the latter usually providing somewhat greater security of tenure .
the privately rented sector has traditionally been [counted/listed] according to whether it is let furnished or unfurnished , with the latter usually providing somewhat greater security of tenure .

If the right to criticise the government is a privilege which , with the exceptions above enumerated , can not be restricted , then all civil as well as criminal actions are forbidden .
if the right to criticise the government is a privilege which , with the exceptions above [counted/listed] , can not be restricted , then all civil as well as criminal actions are forbidden .

Reanalysis of data published in the childhood supplement of the registrar general 's decennial supplement on occupational mortality in England and Wales , which compares numerator data for registrations of deaths in children over the age of 1 but below their 16th birthday in 1979 , 1980 , 1982 , and 1983 with data about children aged 1–15 who were enumerated at the 1981 census .
reanalysis of data published in the childhood supplement of the registrar general 's decennial supplement on occupational mortality in england and wales , which compares numerator data for registrations of deaths in children over the age of 1 but below their 16th birthday in 1979 , 1980 , 1982 , and 1983 with data about children aged 1–15 who were [counted/listed] at the 1981 census .

In 1990 ( 1979 ) , 6079 ( 4678 ) elderly people were enumerated in 241 ( 133 ) establishments , a 30 % increase in the numbers of elderly people in residential care and an 82 % increase in the number of establishments between 1979 and 1990 .
in 1990 ( 1979 ) , 6079 ( 4678 ) elderly people were [counted/listed] in 241 ( 133 ) establishments , a 30 % increase in the numbers of elderly people in residential care and an 82 % increase in the number of establishments between 1979 and 1990 .

Apart from other considerations , it is manifest that the words of section 6 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1978 are intended to be interpreted widely , hence the use of the words ‘ whatever the basis of his liability ’ and the emphasis added by the word ‘ otherwise ’ at the end of the enumerated causes of action .
apart from other considerations , it is manifest that the words of section 6 ( 1 ) of the act of 1978 are intended to be interpreted widely , hence the use of the words ‘ whatever the basis of his liability ’ and the emphasis added by the word ‘ otherwise ’ at the end of the [counted/listed] causes of action .

With respect to the second part of the question , it must be observed , as already indicated above , that the ‘ special jurisdictions ' enumerated in articles 5 and 6 of the Convention constitute derogations from the principle that jurisdiction is vested in the courts of the State where the defendant is domiciled and as such must be interpreted restrictively .
with respect to the second part of the question , it must be observed , as already indicated above , that the ‘ special jurisdictions ' [counted/listed] in articles 5 and 6 of the convention constitute derogations from the principle that jurisdiction is vested in the courts of the state where the defendant is domiciled and as such must be interpreted restrictively .

The kinds of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under a full licence are enumerated in the main clause of the section , The group of alcoholic liquors which may be sold under a restricted licence are enumerated in the proviso .
the kinds of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under a full licence are [counted/listed] in the main clause of the section , the group of alcoholic liquors which may be sold under a restricted licence are [counted/listed] in the proviso .

For the management of change to be effective it is of paramount importance to identify the factors which , unless properly controlled , tend to create adverse effects such as those enumerated in the preceding section .
for the management of change to be effective it is of paramount importance to identify the factors which , unless properly controlled , tend to create adverse effects such as those [counted/listed] in the preceding section .

This property , in Foster Lane , Bow Lane , and Watling Street , is first enumerated in a rent roll of Christmas 1496 .
this property , in foster lane , bow lane , and watling street , is first [counted/listed] in a rent roll of christmas 1496 .

The 1981 census enumerated 19,493,000 households in Great Britain living in the community .
the 1981 census [counted/listed] 19,493,000 households in great britain living in the community .

If we now turn our attention to the second type of conflict enumerated by Freud , that between the ego and the superego , we have already noticed that the externalization of the superego , particularly of its archaic and providential aspects , is easily possible and seemingly well under way in many societies .
if we now turn our attention to the second type of conflict [counted/listed] by freud , that between the ego and the superego , we have already noticed that the externalization of the superego , particularly of its archaic and providential aspects , is easily possible and seemingly well under way in many societies .

In other words , all the classes for functions of clothes must be first enumerated before we proceed to consider subdivision by other principles , such as price .
in other words , all the classes for functions of clothes must be first [counted/listed] before we proceed to consider subdivision by other principles , such as price .

We follow through the six steps enumerated above .
we follow through the six steps [counted/listed] above .

Other ideas on the theory of classification were enumerated by Bliss and embodied in the Bliss Bibliographic Classification Scheme , First Edition .
other ideas on the theory of classification were [counted/listed] by bliss and embodied in the bliss bibliographic classification scheme , first edition .

until all subjects that need to be specified have been enumerated .
until all subjects that need to be specified have been [counted/listed] .

the relative index , which became necessary once a reasonable number of subjects had been enumerated .
the relative index , which became necessary once a reasonable number of subjects had been [counted/listed] .

More balanced schedules were achieved by pruning the 31 000 subjects enumerated in the fourteenth edition to 4700 .
more balanced schedules were achieved by pruning the 31 000 subjects [counted/listed] in the fourteenth edition to 4700 .

Samuel had now read all passages from the Lion 's work relevant to Rochester Castle , and enumerated every single friend that Dickens had brought there , as far as could be traced .
samuel had now read all passages from the lion 's work relevant to rochester castle , and [counted/listed] every single friend that dickens had brought there , as far as could be traced .

More theoretical models of citation typology are described by Moravcsik & Murugesan , Chubin & Moitra , and by Murugesan & Moravcsik . The dichotomous partitions of categories enumerated by the first authors are :
more theoretical models of citation typology are described by moravcsik & murugesan , chubin & moitra , and by murugesan & moravcsik . the dichotomous partitions of categories [counted/listed] by the first authors are :

The synonymy of ‘ specialty ’ , enumerated by Chubin shows the close links between the social and the disciplinary aspects of scientific communities , or , as Smith puts it , ‘ there is a certain amount of congruence between documental and social structures . ’ Chubin 's list includes :
the synonymy of ‘ specialty ’ , [counted/listed] by chubin shows the close links between the social and the disciplinary aspects of scientific communities , or , as smith puts it , ‘ there is a certain amount of congruence between documental and social structures . ’ chubin 's list includes :

Empirical investigation always deals with a sample of a phenomenon , never a fully enumerated population .
empirical investigation always deals with a sample of a phenomenon , never a fully [counted/listed] population .

Hence , the propositions of this section apply only under the highly restrictive conditions now enumerated .
hence , the propositions of this section apply only under the highly restrictive conditions now [counted/listed] .

They were enumerated in the `` families `` of those they served from the aristocracy through the gentry and middle class to the farmers and shopkeepers .
they were [counted/listed] in the `` families `` of those they served from the aristocracy through the gentry and middle class to the farmers and shopkeepers .

The various outcomes were enumerated and examined in relation to entry characteristics .
the various outcomes were [counted/listed] and examined in relation to entry characteristics .

Viable counts of methanogenic bacteria were enumerated using the Hungate roll tube technique .
viable counts of methanogenic bacteria were [counted/listed] using the hungate roll tube technique .

John Pym , speaking in the Short Parliament on 17 April 1640 , enumerated the grievances of the king 's subjects .
john pym , speaking in the short parliament on 17 april 1640 , [counted/listed] the grievances of the king 's subjects .

The characteristic products of Zuwaya historians were genealogies , incidents in the lives of the people enumerated , explanations of names , and stories of battles , conflicts , heroism , trickery and death .
the characteristic products of zuwaya historians were genealogies , incidents in the lives of the people [counted/listed] , explanations of names , and stories of battles , conflicts , heroism , trickery and death .

Another television series , Seven Ages ( 1987 ) , an inquiry into the stages of existence enumerated by Jacques in As You Like It , led a critic to christen him ‘ Ron Hot-Eyre ’ .
another television series , seven ages ( 1987 ) , an inquiry into the stages of existence [counted/listed] by jacques in as you like it , led a critic to christen him ‘ ron hot-eyre ’ .

Exceptions to this rule should apply only to a limited number of sectors enumerated in the Treaty .
exceptions to this rule should apply only to a limited number of sectors [counted/listed] in the treaty .

Peggy Sue naturally has six different kinds of bread options for toast , while the choices of preserves to go on it are enumerated practically to the power of 10 . And do yourself a favour by not wanting tea instead of coffee : ‘ Sir , would that be hot tea or iced tea ? Twinings or Earl Grey ? Milk , cream , or lemon ? ’
peggy sue naturally has six different kinds of bread options for toast , while the choices of preserves to go on it are [counted/listed] practically to the power of 10 . and do yourself a favour by not wanting tea instead of coffee : ‘ sir , would that be hot tea or iced tea ? twinings or earl grey ? milk , cream , or lemon ? ’

It is difficult to assess the number of garbage pickers , because this fluctuates seasonally and because they are not really enumerated in official statistics , but Birkbeck estimates that at the time of the study , there were between 1,200 and 1,700 garbage pickers in Cali .
it is difficult to assess the number of garbage pickers , because this fluctuates seasonally and because they are not really [counted/listed] in official statistics , but birkbeck estimates that at the time of the study , there were between 1,200 and 1,700 garbage pickers in cali .

They are the principle of equal liberty , assuring everyone equal measure of an enumerated list of basic liberties ( freedom of expression , religion , etc . )
they are the principle of equal liberty , assuring everyone equal measure of an [counted/listed] list of basic liberties ( freedom of expression , religion , etc . )

Herbert Cranko enumerated them .
herbert cranko [counted/listed] them .

’ She enumerated the points on her fingers .
’ she [counted/listed] the points on her fingers .

The purpose of the 1787 national charter is to serve the goals enumerated in its preamble ( justice , domestic tranquility , the common defense , the general welfare , and securing liberty ) , and its legitimation lies exclusively in the possibility that a federal government will advance these worldly goals .
the purpose of the 1787 national charter is to serve the goals [counted/listed] in its preamble ( justice , domestic tranquility , the common defense , the general welfare , and securing liberty ) , and its legitimation lies exclusively in the possibility that a federal government will advance these worldly goals .

Unresolved questions about the nature and format of the intervention that could use input from research are enumerated below .
unresolved questions about the nature and format of the intervention that could use input from research are [counted/listed] below .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-41 Finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those enumerated .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-41 finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those [counted/listed] .

This Act removed Congress ' prior delegation of the Departments ' general legislative rulemaking authority under the Act and limited it to certain subject matter areas enumerated in the Act .
this act removed congress ' prior delegation of the departments ' general legislative rulemaking authority under the act and limited it to certain subject matter areas [counted/listed] in the act .

The 1995 Program Letters16 containing this directive also enumerated the issues and criteria that state planning should address .
the 1995 program letters16 containing this directive also [counted/listed] the issues and criteria that state planning should address .

In recognition of this crucial symbiosis , LSC 's Reconfiguration Review Process prescribes a clear review mechanism that guarantees recognized stakeholders a full opportunity to make their case : 1 ) At the earliest possible time , LSC 's state planning team will advise the DSPB in each state of any issues of concern with respect to service area configuration and provide guidance on how to address those concerns consistent with the enumerated reconfiguration standards .
in recognition of this crucial symbiosis , lsc 's reconfiguration review process prescribes a clear review mechanism that guarantees recognized stakeholders a full opportunity to make their case : 1 ) at the earliest possible time , lsc 's state planning team will advise the dspb in each state of any issues of concern with respect to service area configuration and provide guidance on how to address those concerns consistent with the [counted/listed] reconfiguration standards .

In making the recommendation , the VP for Programs shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analysis and recommendations of the LSC state planning team ; the articulated concerns of the DSPB ; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the VP of Programs .
in making the recommendation , the vp for programs shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to the [counted/listed] reconfiguration standards ; the analysis and recommendations of the lsc state planning team ; the articulated concerns of the dspb ; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the vp of programs .

In making the decision , the President shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analyses and recommendations of the LSC state planning team and the VP for Programs ; the articulated concerns of the DSPB ; and any other information deemed relevant by the President .
in making the decision , the president shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to [counted/listed] reconfiguration standards ; the analyses and recommendations of the lsc state planning team and the vp for programs ; the articulated concerns of the dspb ; and any other information deemed relevant by the president .

These early planning documents laid the foundation for what was to come in 1998 in that they began to set forth a vision for legal services delivery and enumerated the issues and criteria that state planning should address .
these early planning documents laid the foundation for what was to come in 1998 in that they began to set forth a vision for legal services delivery and [counted/listed] the issues and criteria that state planning should address .

LSC will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein .
lsc will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards [counted/listed] herein .

In a long series of paradoxes enumerated by Bertrand Russell , Kurt Goedel , and others , we learn that a formal system that looks at itself is bound to fail .
in a long series of paradoxes [counted/listed] by bertrand russell , kurt goedel , and others , we learn that a formal system that looks at itself is bound to fail .

Highlights of the day : 1 ) The Oklahoma City medical examiner enumerated detached body parts collected from the scene and 2 ) Northern Ireland 's former chief medical examiner recounted a bombing case in which an extra penis found at the site turned out to be the sole intact remnant of the man who had carried the bomb .
highlights of the day : 1 ) the oklahoma city medical examiner [counted/listed] detached body parts collected from the scene and 2 ) northern ireland 's former chief medical examiner recounted a bombing case in which an extra penis found at the site turned out to be the sole intact remnant of the man who had carried the bomb .

On March 27 , 1866 , U.S. President Andrew Johnson said , Thus a perfect equality of the white and colored races is attempted to be fixed by federal law in every state of the union over the vast field of State jurisdiction covered by these enumerated rights .
on march 27 , 1866 , u.s. president andrew johnson said , thus a perfect equality of the white and colored races is attempted to be fixed by federal law in every state of the union over the vast field of state jurisdiction covered by these [counted/listed] rights .

William Safire published an entire column under the title “ Counting Census Mistakes ” ( “ On Language , ” The New York Times Magazine , April 15 , 1990 ) in which he enumerated a number of errors in both the Census Bureau instructional Guide and in the census form itself .
william safire published an entire column under the title “ counting census mistakes ” ( “ on language , ” the new york times magazine , april 15 , 1990 ) in which he [counted/listed] a number of errors in both the census bureau instructional guide and in the census form itself .

Were space available , many other strengths and weaknesses of the NSOED could be enumerated in detail ; but it would be more useful to offer an overall assessment and to suggest where this dictionary might fit into a library , personal or institutional .
were space available , many other strengths and weaknesses of the nsoed could be [counted/listed] in detail ; but it would be more useful to offer an overall assessment and to suggest where this dictionary might fit into a library , personal or institutional .

