The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite Mr. Rusk's personal popularity , that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots .
the impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite mr. rusk's personal popularity , that the united states delegation came to oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to [pronounce] firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots .

Even President George Bush will struggle to enunciate metaphors about ‘ a thousand points of light ’ while his narrow eyes sting and water from his own rhetoric about ‘ a kinder , gentler nation ’ .
even president george bush will struggle to [pronounce] metaphors about ‘ a thousand points of light ’ while his narrow eyes sting and water from his own rhetoric about ‘ a kinder , gentler nation ’ .

Member for Bolsover ( Mr. Skinner ) , who is willing to continue to enunciate the principle that there is no such thing as a free lunch .
member for bolsover ( mr. skinner ) , who is willing to continue to [pronounce] the principle that there is no such thing as a free lunch .

4 Enunciate clearly .
4 [pronounce] clearly .

As a human variant on such running — or lumbering — gags , there is Wally , a farcically uncooperative caretaker who puts in a regulation grumpy appearance in each of the play 's four scenes in order to enunciate his catchphrase , ‘ Nothing to do with me ’ .
as a human variant on such running — or lumbering — gags , there is wally , a farcically uncooperative caretaker who puts in a regulation grumpy appearance in each of the play 's four scenes in order to [pronounce] his catchphrase , ‘ nothing to do with me ’ .

Traditional Socialist values , notably egalitarianism , remain but , as Roy Hattersley frequently complains , Labour as a party has not embodied them in policies — or even slogans — that enunciate a clear vision of what a Labour Britain would be like .
traditional socialist values , notably egalitarianism , remain but , as roy hattersley frequently complains , labour as a party has not embodied them in policies — or even slogans — that [pronounce] a clear vision of what a labour britain would be like .

they enunciate , they give birth .
they [pronounce] , they give birth .

I enjoy this aspect of Schumacher 's work , although I wonder , in the case of A Time to Kill , whether he worried about McConaughey 's inability to enunciate or to assume different facial expressions .
i enjoy this aspect of schumacher 's work , although i wonder , in the case of a time to kill , whether he worried about mcconaughey 's inability to [pronounce] or to assume different facial expressions .

Once the polite obligation to enunciate these sounds is got over , the narrators are back on familiar ground , most of them buoyantly loquacious and quite at home with the art of the monologue .
once the polite obligation to [pronounce] these sounds is got over , the narrators are back on familiar ground , most of them buoyantly loquacious and quite at home with the art of the monologue .

The teacher might encourage the student to enunciate more clearly .
the teacher might encourage the student to [pronounce] more clearly .

