Fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable '' pension plan for city employes .
fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and [fair] '' pension plan for city employes .

`` The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' .
`` the committee continues to feel that florida has progressed in a sound and [fair] program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' .

Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value .
among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and [fair] assessment of value .

This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .
this problem of fair and [fair] assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .

An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State .
an adequately staffed and equipped state assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing [fair] assessments on all properties throughout the state .

The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
the judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the district court for a determination , after further hearing , of the [fair] relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .

The District Courts , in the framing of equitable decrees , are clothed ' with large discretion to model their judgements to fit the exigencies of the particular case .
the district courts , in the framing of [fair] decrees , are clothed ' with large discretion to model their judgements to fit the exigencies of the particular case .

To the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation , federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to Mr. Justice Frankfurter .
to the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation , federal [fair] relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to mr. justice frankfurter .

this in the name of equitable discretion .
this in the name of [fair] discretion .

In substance , said the Court , there was no transfer of equitable title .
in substance , said the court , there was no transfer of [fair] title .

She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; ;
she wanted to make a more [fair] distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; ;

There was the application of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of operating .
there was the application of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more [fair] and efficient way of operating .

Equitable Life , Royal Life and Save & Prosper are just three of the major companies with school fee plans .
[fair] life , royal life and save & prosper are just three of the major companies with school fee plans .

Scottish Equitable , which has more than £7 million in its Ethical Unit Trust , is considered to be one of the best examples of such a process .
scottish [fair] , which has more than £7 million in its ethical unit trust , is considered to be one of the best examples of such a process .

Northern Fuels of Northgate House in the town was shown to owe £10,045 in rent arrears to its office landlord the Equitable Life Assurance Society .
northern fuels of northgate house in the town was shown to owe £10,045 in rent arrears to its office landlord the [fair] life assurance society .

That can not be judged to be fair or equitable .
that can not be judged to be fair or [fair] .

Stewart Ritchie , of Scottish Equitable , suggests there is a grey area , of 40 to 45 for men and 35 to 40 for women , within which it is probably not worth making a change whether you are currently in or out .
stewart ritchie , of scottish [fair] , suggests there is a grey area , of 40 to 45 for men and 35 to 40 for women , within which it is probably not worth making a change whether you are currently in or out .

Tom Crombie , the chief investment manager at Scottish Equitable , said : ‘ It is a bit of a worry .
tom crombie , the chief investment manager at scottish [fair] , said : ‘ it is a bit of a worry .

Stewart Ritchie , pensions manager at Scottish Equitable , added : ‘ Where the value of the dividends is reduced and the other assumptions in the calculation are unchanged it must follow that the value of the fund 's assets are reduced . ’
stewart ritchie , pensions manager at scottish [fair] , added : ‘ where the value of the dividends is reduced and the other assumptions in the calculation are unchanged it must follow that the value of the fund 's assets are reduced . ’

By appealing , Lloyd 's is seeking to achieve equitable treatment for all Names with personal stop-loss recoveries .
by appealing , lloyd 's is seeking to achieve [fair] treatment for all names with personal stop-loss recoveries .

Tom Crombie , chief investment manager at Scottish Equitable , echoed those doubts .
tom crombie , chief investment manager at scottish [fair] , echoed those doubts .

That in line with the Area Staff Commission and understanding the need to give adequate administrative support on an equitable basis , Regional Coordinators be given a budget of certainly not less in real terms than at present , to allocate to administrative support for regional colleagues wef April 1st , 1993 .
that in line with the area staff commission and understanding the need to give adequate administrative support on an [fair] basis , regional coordinators be given a budget of certainly not less in real terms than at present , to allocate to administrative support for regional colleagues wef april 1st , 1993 .

The Black Community Care Charter says : ‘ Clearly the allocation of resources for community care is not equitable across the different communities ’ .
the black community care charter says : ‘ clearly the allocation of resources for community care is not [fair] across the different communities ’ .

Equitable Life , for example , will charge smokers — and non-smokers — £4.10 a month .
[fair] life , for example , will charge smokers — and non-smokers — £4.10 a month .

Sir William dealt with this in his own typical fashion , hanging three Douglas ringleaders there and then , but demanding a like example to be made of the Hamiltons , which was scarcely equitable , since the Douglases had started it all and were three times as numerous as their hereditary foes .
sir william dealt with this in his own typical fashion , hanging three douglas ringleaders there and then , but demanding a like example to be made of the hamiltons , which was scarcely [fair] , since the douglases had started it all and were three times as numerous as their hereditary foes .

’ In the Communist Manifesto the claim is made quite explicitly that the family is to be abolished , education undertaken by the state and that there is to be ‘ a more equitable distribution of the population over the country ’ .
’ in the communist manifesto the claim is made quite explicitly that the family is to be abolished , education undertaken by the state and that there is to be ‘ a more [fair] distribution of the population over the country ’ .

the court is of the opinion that it is just and equitable that the company should be wound up .
the court is of the opinion that it is just and [fair] that the company should be wound up .

Others , like Scottish Equitable , have done away with the initial charge but raised the annual fee .
others , like scottish [fair] , have done away with the initial charge but raised the annual fee .

The counsellor should try to achieve a more equitable balance by enabling the weaker individual to present feelings and needs as coherently and forcefully as possible , perhaps by clarifying and expanding on what is said .
the counsellor should try to achieve a more [fair] balance by enabling the weaker individual to present feelings and needs as coherently and forcefully as possible , perhaps by clarifying and expanding on what is said .

By the autumn of 1917 , food queues had become a major grievance and demands for a more equitable distribution of food led to mass demonstrations and even strikes in many parts of the country .
by the autumn of 1917 , food queues had become a major grievance and demands for a more [fair] distribution of food led to mass demonstrations and even strikes in many parts of the country .

The Woolwich Equitable Building Society was entitled as of right to interest on the repayment of a capital sum that had been paid to the Inland Revenue pursuant to Regulations that were ultra vires and void .
the woolwich [fair] building society was entitled as of right to interest on the repayment of a capital sum that had been paid to the inland revenue pursuant to regulations that were ultra vires and void .

Equitable Life Assurance Society in Guernsey ( 0481 716021 ) has designed International Investment Plan written under Guernsey life law and which can be on joint lives ; while International Personal Pension Plan written under Guernsey pensions legislation can only be written on a single life .
[fair] life assurance society in guernsey ( 0481 716021 ) has designed international investment plan written under guernsey life law and which can be on joint lives ; while international personal pension plan written under guernsey pensions legislation can only be written on a single life .

We must look for an equitable way of rewarding superior scrums .
we must look for an [fair] way of rewarding superior scrums .

Only one company , Equitable Life , paid out more than had been paid in — £1,879 — and several paid out less than £1,000 .
only one company , [fair] life , paid out more than had been paid in — £1,879 — and several paid out less than £1,000 .

Even after paying £6,000 over 10 years , you might still make a loss — though Equitable paid £12,877 , and several other companies paid more than £9,000 .
even after paying £6,000 over 10 years , you might still make a loss — though [fair] paid £12,877 , and several other companies paid more than £9,000 .

For the adequacy of God 's provision is dependent on our corporate responsibility , including our stewardship of resources and equitable distribution .
for the adequacy of god 's provision is dependent on our corporate responsibility , including our stewardship of resources and [fair] distribution .

The American theory of autonomic development of interest group pressures to ensure equitable state policy outcomes draws attention to the shape of popular pressures of health services .
the american theory of autonomic development of interest group pressures to ensure [fair] state policy outcomes draws attention to the shape of popular pressures of health services .

It was they who would decide upon an equitable redistribution of the hospital revenue which their district controlled .
it was they who would decide upon an [fair] redistribution of the hospital revenue which their district controlled .

, the creation of new , independent or ‘ abstract ’ rights to protect the increasing number of bona fide purchasers , pledgees or mortgagees of bills of lading against claims by current or previous owners or possessors of the goods or bills , or by parties with legal or equitable claims against or derived from the shipper-consignor .
, the creation of new , independent or ‘ abstract ’ rights to protect the increasing number of bona fide purchasers , pledgees or mortgagees of bills of lading against claims by current or previous owners or possessors of the goods or bills , or by parties with legal or [fair] claims against or derived from the shipper-consignor .

Thus in 1969 the Lords rejected a bill that sought to free the Home Secretary from a legal obligation to present to Parliament the report of a commission that had reviewed parliamentary constituencies : the more equitable redistribution of seats it proposed was likely to cost the Labour Government up to twenty seats at the forthcoming general election .
thus in 1969 the lords rejected a bill that sought to free the home secretary from a legal obligation to present to parliament the report of a commission that had reviewed parliamentary constituencies : the more [fair] redistribution of seats it proposed was likely to cost the labour government up to twenty seats at the forthcoming general election .

Clause four declared that the objective of the party was ‘ to secure for the producers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry , and the most equitable distribution thereof that may be possible , upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and the best obtainable system of popular administration and control of each industry and service ’ .
clause four declared that the objective of the party was ‘ to secure for the producers by hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry , and the most [fair] distribution thereof that may be possible , upon the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and the best obtainable system of popular administration and control of each industry and service ’ .

An equal distribution takes into account only the size of the population groups that are being compared , while an equitable distribution takes into account the varying needs for the service of the groups as well .
an equal distribution takes into account only the size of the population groups that are being compared , while an [fair] distribution takes into account the varying needs for the service of the groups as well .

In other words , what is needed is not only an equal but an equitable geographical distribution of educational resources .
in other words , what is needed is not only an equal but an [fair] geographical distribution of educational resources .

An equal distribution of medical services does not provide equitable opportunities for medical care to these different groups .
an equal distribution of medical services does not provide [fair] opportunities for medical care to these different groups .

Whatever the answer to this may be , the general policy conclusion that can be drawn is that making access and use of medical services more equitable will reduce certain aspects of class inequalities in morbidity and mortality but will not do away with them or reduce them substantially .
whatever the answer to this may be , the general policy conclusion that can be drawn is that making access and use of medical services more [fair] will reduce certain aspects of class inequalities in morbidity and mortality but will not do away with them or reduce them substantially .

Clearly an equitable geographical distribution of services is a necessary but not a sufficient precondition for an equal , let alone an equitable , use of services .
clearly an [fair] geographical distribution of services is a necessary but not a sufficient precondition for an equal , let alone an [fair] , use of services .

Clearly , the government policies required to make the use of education and health services equitable are a daunting package .
clearly , the government policies required to make the use of education and health services [fair] are a daunting package .

As far as health is concerned , it requires not only the equitable distribution and use of medical services , but also the reduction of inequalities in working and living conditions .
as far as health is concerned , it requires not only the [fair] distribution and use of medical services , but also the reduction of inequalities in working and living conditions .

The excessive concern with disincentive effects has resulted in a less equitable system of taxation .
the excessive concern with disincentive effects has resulted in a less [fair] system of taxation .

When introduced , the new system was intended ‘ to be more comprehensible , stable and equitable as between authorities ’ ( Heseltine , 1980 , as quoted in Bennett 1982 ) .
when introduced , the new system was intended ‘ to be more comprehensible , stable and [fair] as between authorities ’ ( heseltine , 1980 , as quoted in bennett 1982 ) .

For example , deprivation is associated with many factors , meaning that any equitable system loses transparency .
for example , deprivation is associated with many factors , meaning that any [fair] system loses transparency .

Is this equitable ?
is this [fair] ?

If the presumption of wives ' financial dependence on their husbands is not outdated in the 1980s , equitable treatment of the sexes in tax , pensions , social security and the financial arrangements on divorce may not be achieved by equal treatment .
if the presumption of wives ' financial dependence on their husbands is not outdated in the 1980s , [fair] treatment of the sexes in tax , pensions , social security and the financial arrangements on divorce may not be achieved by equal treatment .

The expectation that such people will normally be female is self-fulfilling , but may be neither equitable nor efficient .
the expectation that such people will normally be female is self-fulfilling , but may be neither [fair] nor efficient .

Equitable treatments must be devised that recognize economic sacrifices ( whether they 've been made by men or women ) as well as economic achievements .
[fair] treatments must be devised that recognize economic sacrifices ( whether they 've been made by men or women ) as well as economic achievements .

This meaning embraces such matters as fair and equitable administrative practices ; recognition of the rights of political opposition and dissent ; complying with constitutional conventions ; adequate means of redress of grievances about governmental action affecting one .
this meaning embraces such matters as fair and [fair] administrative practices ; recognition of the rights of political opposition and dissent ; complying with constitutional conventions ; adequate means of redress of grievances about governmental action affecting one .

Further , in our system the rule ‘ stare decisis ’ applies as firmly to statute law as it does to the formulation of common law and equitable principles .
further , in our system the rule ‘ stare decisis ’ applies as firmly to statute law as it does to the formulation of common law and [fair] principles .

In what ways , then , can the British income tax system be made more equitable , while at the same time increasing incentives for those at or below average earnings ?
in what ways , then , can the british income tax system be made more [fair] , while at the same time increasing incentives for those at or below average earnings ?

The Court of Chancery grew and developed equitable principles and maxims .
the court of chancery grew and developed [fair] principles and maxims .

This has meant that common law and equity have developed alongside one another and equitable principles have helped to extend the bounds of remedies available .
this has meant that common law and equity have developed alongside one another and [fair] principles have helped to extend the bounds of remedies available .

Section 5 of the Business Names Act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and equitable ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .
section 5 of the business names act 1985 provides that where a person fails to comply with the requirement set out in s. 5 and thereafter seeks to enforce a business contract with a party in default by means of a court action , ( a ) if the person in default can establish that he or she has a claim against the proprietor , which due to the proprietor 's failure to comply with s. 5 he or she has been unable to pursue , or ( b ) if a breach by the proprietor of s. 5 has caused the person in default some financial loss , the proprietor 's claim shall be dismissed , unless it is ‘ just and [fair] ’ that the proprietor should be allowed to continue the action .

whenever the court is of the opinion that in the circumstances it would be just and equitable to dissolve the partnership .
whenever the court is of the opinion that in the circumstances it would be just and [fair] to dissolve the partnership .

the court is of the opinion that it is just and equitable that the company should be wound up .
the court is of the opinion that it is just and [fair] that the company should be wound up .

Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage …
where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and [fair] having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage …

For the purposes of the present work , there will be an emphasis on structural differentiation and the availability of industrial products to the mass population , providing a material rather than an evolutionary legitimation for the exclusion , with respect to issues thought to be specific to modernity , of countries without monetary wealth or the necessary degree of equitable distribution .
for the purposes of the present work , there will be an emphasis on structural differentiation and the availability of industrial products to the mass population , providing a material rather than an evolutionary legitimation for the exclusion , with respect to issues thought to be specific to modernity , of countries without monetary wealth or the necessary degree of [fair] distribution .

One of American business 's great success stories in recent decades is the brokerage firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette , recently acquired by the Equitable Life Assurance Society .
one of american business 's great success stories in recent decades is the brokerage firm of donaldson , lufkin & jenrette , recently acquired by the [fair] life assurance society .

Indeed , the principle serves administrative interests well , for if standard conditions designed to be equitable as between apparently similar dischargers are routinely applied , the discharger who wishes to appeal against the standards imposed in his case is probably in a weak position if the agency is able to show the Minister that the standards were those typically in force .
indeed , the principle serves administrative interests well , for if standard conditions designed to be [fair] as between apparently similar dischargers are routinely applied , the discharger who wishes to appeal against the standards imposed in his case is probably in a weak position if the agency is able to show the minister that the standards were those typically in force .

‘ 5(1) Property shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an interest ) . …
‘ 5(1) property shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an [fair] interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an interest ) . …

Equitable implementation of cost recovery is difficult in Mozambique ; with the most rigorous of definitions , the estimated absolute poverty level is fifty to sixty percent ( Government of Mozambique , 1990 ) .
[fair] implementation of cost recovery is difficult in mozambique ; with the most rigorous of definitions , the estimated absolute poverty level is fifty to sixty percent ( government of mozambique , 1990 ) .

Equitable distribution of health care resources and adequate quality care for all .
[fair] distribution of health care resources and adequate quality care for all .

Equitable distribution of resources .
[fair] distribution of resources .

Sociologists and anthropologists provide a number of theories for this far from equitable distribution of talent .
sociologists and anthropologists provide a number of theories for this far from [fair] distribution of talent .

Many fundholding practices are already making loud protest at the reduced funds on offer as regions move to more equitable methods of allocation based on capitation .
many fundholding practices are already making loud protest at the reduced funds on offer as regions move to more [fair] methods of allocation based on capitation .

In a complementary initiative , a wide ranging analysis of the health care system — the National Health Strategy — has as one of its main objectives to improve the equitable impact of the health system .
in a complementary initiative , a wide ranging analysis of the health care system — the national health strategy — has as one of its main objectives to improve the [fair] impact of the health system .

One major objective will be to improve the equitable impact of the health system .
one major objective will be to improve the [fair] impact of the health system .

The report concludes that , in addition to making health services more equitable , policy needs to be focused on five broad areas : the distribution of economic resources ; education ; living conditions ; access to and conditions of work ; and the provision of social support .
the report concludes that , in addition to making health services more [fair] , policy needs to be focused on five broad areas : the distribution of economic resources ; education ; living conditions ; access to and conditions of work ; and the provision of social support .

It would appear that access to the health service is reasonably equitable between men and women , and that women 's longer lives should not be attributed to prejudice against men in the health sector !
it would appear that access to the health service is reasonably [fair] between men and women , and that women 's longer lives should not be attributed to prejudice against men in the health sector !

The number of women postgraduate students has also substantially increased , from 21 per cent in 1965–6 to 32 per cent in 1983–4 , although this is still significantly below the proportion of women undergraduates , and is far from an equitable distribution between the sexes .
the number of women postgraduate students has also substantially increased , from 21 per cent in 1965–6 to 32 per cent in 1983–4 , although this is still significantly below the proportion of women undergraduates , and is far from an [fair] distribution between the sexes .

It is evident that the third defendant and the third party are not , on any view of the case , joint contractors or joint tortfeasors or in a relationship where contribution is available under equitable principles .
it is evident that the third defendant and the third party are not , on any view of the case , joint contractors or joint tortfeasors or in a relationship where contribution is available under [fair] principles .

‘ 2 ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , in any proceedings for contribution under section 1 above the amount of the contribution recoverable from any person shall be such as may be found by the court to be just and equitable having regard to the extent of that person 's responsibility for the damage in question .
‘ 2 ( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , in any proceedings for contribution under section 1 above the amount of the contribution recoverable from any person shall be such as may be found by the court to be just and [fair] having regard to the extent of that person 's responsibility for the damage in question .

The grounds of the cross-appeal were that ( 1 ) the judge had correctly held that a mortgagee 's right to costs , charges and expenses whether founded on equitable principles or an implied contract could always be varied , restricted or enlarged by the express terms of the mortgage and that the first defendant was entitled a full indemnity against the costs , charges and expenses on a true construction of the words used in the mortgage deeds other than the guarantee and mortgage debenture dated 6 June 1986 .
the grounds of the cross-appeal were that ( 1 ) the judge had correctly held that a mortgagee 's right to costs , charges and expenses whether founded on [fair] principles or an implied contract could always be varied , restricted or enlarged by the express terms of the mortgage and that the first defendant was entitled a full indemnity against the costs , charges and expenses on a true construction of the words used in the mortgage deeds other than the guarantee and mortgage debenture dated 6 june 1986 .

Nor , in our opinion , does it affect the contractual or equitable right of a mortgagee to retain his costs out of the mortgaged property .
nor , in our opinion , does it affect the contractual or [fair] right of a mortgagee to retain his costs out of the mortgaged property .

In these circumstances , the identification of the equitable principle or principles being applied by their Lordships in Turnbull & Co. v. Duval seems to me somewhat elusive .
in these circumstances , the identification of the [fair] principle or principles being applied by their lordships in turnbull & co. v. duval seems to me somewhat elusive .

The equitable principle applied in Turnbull & Co. v. Duval and Chaplin & Co .
the [fair] principle applied in turnbull & co. v. duval and chaplin & co .

‘ while the relation of a husband to his wife is not one of influence , and no presumption exists of undue influence , it has never been divested completely of what may be called equitable presumptions of an invalidating tendency .
‘ while the relation of a husband to his wife is not one of influence , and no presumption exists of undue influence , it has never been divested completely of what may be called [fair] presumptions of an invalidating tendency .

‘ to grant equitable relief to the defendants in respect of the son 's acts alone without [ the plaintiff 's ] authority or knowledge , is to go further than any decided case has yet gone .
‘ to grant [fair] relief to the defendants in respect of the son 's acts alone without [ the plaintiff 's ] authority or knowledge , is to go further than any decided case has yet gone .

… it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .
… it would be inconsistent with the [fair] nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .

But the equitable principles established by the authorities require , in my judgment , that creditors who take from married women security for their husband 's debts take reasonable steps to see that they understand the transactions they are entering into .
but the [fair] principles established by the authorities require , in my judgment , that creditors who take from married women security for their husband 's debts take reasonable steps to see that they understand the transactions they are entering into .

This does not call for the introduction of any equitable doctrine .
this does not call for the introduction of any [fair] doctrine .

‘ The central issue raised on this aspect of the appeal is whether there is any evidence upon which the judge could find that the plaintiffs behaved in a manner in relation to the conduct of the son as to make them liable to suffer financial loss resulting from the equitable relief sought by the defendants .
‘ the central issue raised on this aspect of the appeal is whether there is any evidence upon which the judge could find that the plaintiffs behaved in a manner in relation to the conduct of the son as to make them liable to suffer financial loss resulting from the [fair] relief sought by the defendants .

Neither of these findings affect the bank 's position under the equitable remedy sought by the wife to relieve herself of the charge .
neither of these findings affect the bank 's position under the [fair] remedy sought by the wife to relieve herself of the charge .

As we have made clear in answer to issue ( 4 ) , the undue influence is required to have brought about the transaction , and it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .
as we have made clear in answer to issue ( 4 ) , the undue influence is required to have brought about the transaction , and it would be inconsistent with the [fair] nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .

( 3 ) Where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable equitable doctrines .
( 3 ) where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable [fair] doctrines .

Before me it was common ground that the assignments were not statutory assignments in conformity with section 136 of the Law of Property Act 1925 , but that they were effective as equitable assignments .
before me it was common ground that the assignments were not statutory assignments in conformity with section 136 of the law of property act 1925 , but that they were effective as [fair] assignments .

Equitable assignments
[fair] assignments

( 4 ) An order under this section in respect of any costs may only be made if — ( a ) an order for costs would be made in the proceedings apart from this Act ; ( b ) as respects the costs incurred in a court of first instance , those proceedings were instituted by the assisted party and the court is satisfied that the unassisted party will suffer severe financial hardship unless the order is made ; and ( c ) in any case , the court is satisfied that it is just and equitable in all the circumstances of the case that provision for the costs should be made out of public funds .
( 4 ) an order under this section in respect of any costs may only be made if — ( a ) an order for costs would be made in the proceedings apart from this act ; ( b ) as respects the costs incurred in a court of first instance , those proceedings were instituted by the assisted party and the court is satisfied that the unassisted party will suffer severe financial hardship unless the order is made ; and ( c ) in any case , the court is satisfied that it is just and [fair] in all the circumstances of the case that provision for the costs should be made out of public funds .

It is common ground that in a majority of cases where an order may be made under section 18 for the payment by the Board to the unassisted party of the costs of appellate , as opposed to first instance , proceedings , the Court of Appeal or this House will be in a position at the conclusion of an appeal on the information then before it to decide under section 18 ( 3 ) what , if any , order for costs should be made against the assisted party and to form at least a provisional view under section 18 ( 4 ) ( c ) as to whether it would be ‘ just and equitable in all the circumstances of the case that provision for the costs should be made out of public funds .
it is common ground that in a majority of cases where an order may be made under section 18 for the payment by the board to the unassisted party of the costs of appellate , as opposed to first instance , proceedings , the court of appeal or this house will be in a position at the conclusion of an appeal on the information then before it to decide under section 18 ( 3 ) what , if any , order for costs should be made against the assisted party and to form at least a provisional view under section 18 ( 4 ) ( c ) as to whether it would be ‘ just and [fair] in all the circumstances of the case that provision for the costs should be made out of public funds .

The surveyor will advise the client and Woolwich Equitable Building Society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the client on the report form published by the society .
the surveyor will advise the client and woolwich [fair] building society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the client on the report form published by the society .

14 The outcome of interest-group activity is roughly equitable .
14 the outcome of interest-group activity is roughly [fair] .

The managerial approach also has important implications for the concept of equitable administration .
the managerial approach also has important implications for the concept of [fair] administration .

The idea of decentralization to departmental units of accountable management not only undermines the hierarchical authority structure traditionally used in bureaucracies to enforce equitable application of departmental rules ( see p. 26 ) , but its underlying aim , as Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 , p. 157 ) warn , ‘ may be to downgrade … the search for fairness and equity of treatment … since such practices may not be value for money ’ , In the private sector , where equity is less important ( and in some cases absent ) , the search for value for money conflicts with no particular value systems , but in the public sector it does .
the idea of decentralization to departmental units of accountable management not only undermines the hierarchical authority structure traditionally used in bureaucracies to enforce [fair] application of departmental rules ( see p. 26 ) , but its underlying aim , as gray and jenkins ( 1985 , p. 157 ) warn , ‘ may be to downgrade … the search for fairness and equity of treatment … since such practices may not be value for money ’ , in the private sector , where equity is less important ( and in some cases absent ) , the search for value for money conflicts with no particular value systems , but in the public sector it does .

The Layfield Committee ( 1976 ) thought it the most feasible and equitable form of additional local revenue .
the layfield committee ( 1976 ) thought it the most feasible and [fair] form of additional local revenue .

This was the backdrop to a rising tide of anti-trade-union sentiment and pressure by the media and employers culminating in the passing of the Labor-Management Relations Act 1947 ( the Taft-Hartley Act ) , which purported to recreate a more equitable balance of power between unions and management by prohibiting certain unfair practices by the former and providing specific rules for handling large strike which , in the president 's view , constituted national emergencies .
this was the backdrop to a rising tide of anti-trade-union sentiment and pressure by the media and employers culminating in the passing of the labor-management relations act 1947 ( the taft-hartley act ) , which purported to recreate a more [fair] balance of power between unions and management by prohibiting certain unfair practices by the former and providing specific rules for handling large strike which , in the president 's view , constituted national emergencies .

Sir — Mr. Edminson 's letter ‘ Equal Play , Equal Pay ’ in the November 1990 issue airs the possibility that one way for clubs to find extra subscription income would be to increase the ladies ' subscriptions , or , in his words , to ask them ‘ to make a more equitable contribution to their golf club 's finances ’ because of their increased activity .
sir — mr. edminson 's letter ‘ equal play , equal pay ’ in the november 1990 issue airs the possibility that one way for clubs to find extra subscription income would be to increase the ladies ' subscriptions , or , in his words , to ask them ‘ to make a more [fair] contribution to their golf club 's finances ’ because of their increased activity .

Transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .
transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less [fair] distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .

it should be equitable between creditors
it should be [fair] between creditors

They perhaps entered by the route of Kamchatka and Alaska , where the climate , even now so much milder and more equitable than on the north-east coast of America , might have been warm enough in late Pliocene times to have allowed the migration of these animals .
they perhaps entered by the route of kamchatka and alaska , where the climate , even now so much milder and more [fair] than on the north-east coast of america , might have been warm enough in late pliocene times to have allowed the migration of these animals .

Lupton 's own research , in an electrical components firm showed how an equitable balance between wages and effort can develop on the shopfloor .
lupton 's own research , in an electrical components firm showed how an [fair] balance between wages and effort can develop on the shopfloor .

Intrinsic satisfactions can not replace equitable reward systems . )
intrinsic satisfactions can not replace [fair] reward systems . )

In the old deed of settlement company , which was merely an enlarged partnership with the partnership property vested in trustees , it was clear that the members ' ‘ shares ’ entitled them to an equitable interest in the assets .
in the old deed of settlement company , which was merely an enlarged partnership with the partnership property vested in trustees , it was clear that the members ' ‘ shares ’ entitled them to an [fair] interest in the assets .

It is true that the exact nature of this equitable interest was not crystal clear , for the members could not , while the firm was a going concern , lay claim to any particular asset or prevent the directors from disposing of it .
it is true that the exact nature of this [fair] interest was not crystal clear , for the members could not , while the firm was a going concern , lay claim to any particular asset or prevent the directors from disposing of it .

Even with the modern partnership , no very satisfactory solution to this problem has been found , and the most one can say is that the partners have an equitable interest , often described as a lien , which floats over the partnership assets throughout the duration of the firm , although it crystallises only on dissolution .
even with the modern partnership , no very satisfactory solution to this problem has been found , and the most one can say is that the partners have an [fair] interest , often described as a lien , which floats over the partnership assets throughout the duration of the firm , although it crystallises only on dissolution .

Shareholders have ceased to be regarded as having equitable interests in the company 's assets ; ‘ shareholders are not , in the eyes of the law , part owners of the undertaking .
shareholders have ceased to be regarded as having [fair] interests in the company 's assets ; ‘ shareholders are not , in the eyes of the law , part owners of the undertaking .

Nor , today , is the bundle of rights making up the share regarded as equitable only .
nor , today , is the bundle of rights making up the share regarded as [fair] only .

On the contrary , as the next chapter will show , legal ownership is recognised and distinguished from equitable ownership in much the same way as a legal estate in land is distinguished from equitable interests therein .
on the contrary , as the next chapter will show , legal ownership is recognised and distinguished from [fair] ownership in much the same way as a legal estate in land is distinguished from [fair] interests therein .

Moreover , where the debenture is secured by a floating charge on all the undertaking and assets of the company , he will have a legal or equitable interest in the company 's business , albeit of a different kind from that of its shareholders .
moreover , where the debenture is secured by a floating charge on all the undertaking and assets of the company , he will have a legal or [fair] interest in the company 's business , albeit of a different kind from that of its shareholders .

Nevertheless , it was held that the legislative intention must have been to exclude from the equitable rule any mortgage by a company .
nevertheless , it was held that the legislative intention must have been to exclude from the [fair] rule any mortgage by a company .

In the first place it will enable the security to be by way of specific legal mortgage or charge on the company 's land as well as by way of equitable floating charge on the rest of the assets .
in the first place it will enable the security to be by way of specific legal mortgage or charge on the company 's land as well as by way of [fair] floating charge on the rest of the assets .

This will not prevent an equitable interest passing to the buyer but the court will not grant specific performance unless the seller 's lien can be fully protected and until paid in full he is entitled to vote the shares as he thinks will best protect his interest .
this will not prevent an [fair] interest passing to the buyer but the court will not grant specific performance unless the seller 's lien can be fully protected and until paid in full he is entitled to vote the shares as he thinks will best protect his interest .

( 1 ) that as between two competing holders of equitable interests , if their equities are equal the first in time prevails and ( 2 ) that a bona fide purchaser for value of a legal interest takes free of earlier equitable interests of which he as no notice at the time of purchase .
( 1 ) that as between two competing holders of [fair] interests , if their equities are equal the first in time prevails and ( 2 ) that a bona fide purchaser for value of a legal interest takes free of earlier [fair] interests of which he as no notice at the time of purchase .

In applying these principles to competing share transfers , a transferee prior to registration is treated as having an equitable interest only but registration converts his interest into a legal one .
in applying these principles to competing share transfers , a transferee prior to registration is treated as having an [fair] interest only but registration converts his interest into a legal one .

The result is to confer an equitable charge which the lender can enforce by selling the shares if he needs to realise his security .
the result is to confer an [fair] charge which the lender can enforce by selling the shares if he needs to realise his security .

( a ) Once a shareholder has incurred a debt or liability to the company , it has an equitable charge on the shares of that shareholder to secure payment which ranks in priority to later equitable interests and , it seems to earlier ones of which the company had no notice when its lien became effective ; and ( b ) in determining whether the company had notice , section 360 has no application ; if the company knows of the earlier equitable interest ( because , for example , a transfer of the shares has been lodged for registration even if that is refused ) it can not improve its own position to the detriment of the holder of that known equitable interest .
( a ) once a shareholder has incurred a debt or liability to the company , it has an [fair] charge on the shares of that shareholder to secure payment which ranks in priority to later [fair] interests and , it seems to earlier ones of which the company had no notice when its lien became effective ; and ( b ) in determining whether the company had notice , section 360 has no application ; if the company knows of the earlier [fair] interest ( because , for example , a transfer of the shares has been lodged for registration even if that is refused ) it can not improve its own position to the detriment of the holder of that known [fair] interest .

Another creditor of the shareholder subsequently obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable execution .
another creditor of the shareholder subsequently obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of [fair] execution .

As this case shows , an equitable charge on shares in a private company with articles conferring a lien on the company is likely to be an even more undesirable form of security than shares in private companies always are .
as this case shows , an [fair] charge on shares in a private company with articles conferring a lien on the company is likely to be an even more undesirable form of security than shares in private companies always are .

One could also be faced with problems , similar to those in relation to shares , regarding equitable and legal ownership of debentures and the priority of competing transferees .
one could also be faced with problems , similar to those in relation to shares , regarding [fair] and legal ownership of debentures and the priority of competing transferees .

But it says nothing about the register being evidence of ownership , and it is not clear what role , if any , it plays in converting an equitable interest to a legal one .
but it says nothing about the register being evidence of ownership , and it is not clear what role , if any , it plays in converting an [fair] interest to a legal one .

On general principles relating to assignments of choses-in-action , a transfer of a debenture should be an equitable assignment only , until it becomes a legal assignment when the company receives notice of it .
on general principles relating to assignments of choses-in-action , a transfer of a debenture should be an [fair] assignment only , until it becomes a legal assignment when the company receives notice of it .

Second , is the interest created by the charge equitable or legal ? This has a bearing on the priorities of different chargees and of course the equitable charge holder can be defeated by the bona fide purchaser for value
second , is the interest created by the charge [fair] or legal ? this has a bearing on the priorities of different chargees and of course the [fair] charge holder can be defeated by the bona fide purchaser for value

’ The essential difference between an equitable charge and a mortgage is as regards remedies ; since a charge , unlike the mortgage , does not involve a conveyance of a proprietary interest , a chargee can not foreclose or take possession .
’ the essential difference between an [fair] charge and a mortgage is as regards remedies ; since a charge , unlike the mortgage , does not involve a conveyance of a proprietary interest , a chargee can not foreclose or take possession .

The general nature of a floating charge has already been explained ; it is an equitable charge on some or all of the company 's present and future property which leaves the company free to deal with the property subject to the charge in the ordinary course of business .
the general nature of a floating charge has already been explained ; it is an [fair] charge on some or all of the company 's present and future property which leaves the company free to deal with the property subject to the charge in the ordinary course of business .

Because of the management autonomy accorded to the company with respect to the charged assets , the company can create security interests that have priority to the floating charge : a floating charge will be deferred to any subsequent fixed legal or equitable charge created by the company over its assets .
because of the management autonomy accorded to the company with respect to the charged assets , the company can create security interests that have priority to the floating charge : a floating charge will be deferred to any subsequent fixed legal or [fair] charge created by the company over its assets .

If it is equitable , the chargee may be preferred on the ground that the company has been allowed to represent that it is free to deal with the assets in the normal course of business as though they were unencumbered .
if it is [fair] , the chargee may be preferred on the ground that the company has been allowed to represent that it is free to deal with the assets in the normal course of business as though they were unencumbered .

For example , if the title deeds are left with the company , an equitable mortgagee by deposit will take priority .
for example , if the title deeds are left with the company , an [fair] mortgagee by deposit will take priority .

Equity in the form of equitable treatment for the workers .
equity in the form of [fair] treatment for the workers .

ensuring uniform and equitable treatment of clients .
ensuring uniform and [fair] treatment of clients .

The individual is motivated to change the situation back to an equitable one .
the individual is motivated to change the situation back to an [fair] one .

the notion of a fair or equitable reward compared to others is also important .
the notion of a fair or [fair] reward compared to others is also important .

it is just and equitable that provision for those costs should be made out of public funds ;
it is just and [fair] that provision for those costs should be made out of public funds ;

In all cases , whether in courts of first instance or not , an award of costs must be ‘ just and equitable .
in all cases , whether in courts of first instance or not , an award of costs must be ‘ just and [fair] .

The new life assurance company of The Royal Bank of Scotland , which is jointly owned with Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society , provides an attractive range of life assurance , pensions and investment products .
the new life assurance company of the royal bank of scotland , which is jointly owned with scottish [fair] life assurance society , provides an attractive range of life assurance , pensions and investment products .

In a constantly changing economic environment we are able to draw on the strengths of our parent companies — The Royal Bank of Scotland and Scottish Equitable — and create effective and flexible ways to meet the needs of people like you .
in a constantly changing economic environment we are able to draw on the strengths of our parent companies — the royal bank of scotland and scottish [fair] — and create effective and flexible ways to meet the needs of people like you .

5.1.1 to pay the rents on the days and in the manner set out in this Lease and not to exercise or seek to exercise any right or claim to withhold rent or any right or claim to legal or equitable set-off
5.1.1 to pay the rents on the days and in the manner set out in this lease and not to exercise or seek to exercise any right or claim to withhold rent or any right or claim to legal or [fair] set-off

Notices show on the Register many matters that in unregistered conveyancing would appear in the Land Charges Register or on the title , such as restrictive covenants , a spouse 's interest under the Matrimonial Homes legislation , and a special form of registering a charge over a land certificate ( an equitable charge ) known as a deposit of land certificate .
notices show on the register many matters that in unregistered conveyancing would appear in the land charges register or on the title , such as restrictive covenants , a spouse 's interest under the matrimonial homes legislation , and a special form of registering a charge over a land certificate ( an [fair] charge ) known as a deposit of land certificate .

Examples of interests that can be so protected are the following : ( 1 ) Beneficial owner in fee simple ; ( 2 ) Person beneficially entitled to the lease referred to ; ( 3 ) Tenant for life within the meaning of the Settled Land Act 1925 ; ( 4 ) Purchaser under a contract for sale ; ( 5 ) Plaintiff in an action in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice ; ( 6 ) Equitable mortgagee under a memorandum of charge .
examples of interests that can be so protected are the following : ( 1 ) beneficial owner in fee simple ; ( 2 ) person beneficially entitled to the lease referred to ; ( 3 ) tenant for life within the meaning of the settled land act 1925 ; ( 4 ) purchaser under a contract for sale ; ( 5 ) plaintiff in an action in the chancery division of the high court of justice ; ( 6 ) [fair] mortgagee under a memorandum of charge .

The protection referred to is the protection afforded by registration of a Notice , etc ( see above ) ; minor interests are in fact mainly what would be described as equitable interests in unregistered conveyancing .
the protection referred to is the protection afforded by registration of a notice , etc ( see above ) ; minor interests are in fact mainly what would be described as [fair] interests in unregistered conveyancing .

Lastly , an obligation of confidence , at least where it is only equitable , will come to an end when public policy will no longer be served by upholding it .
lastly , an obligation of confidence , at least where it is only [fair] , will come to an end when public policy will no longer be served by upholding it .

10 Contractual rights The courts adopt substantially the same rules when implying an obligation of confidence into a contract and when finding an equitable obligation of confidence .
10 contractual rights the courts adopt substantially the same rules when implying an obligation of confidence into a contract and when finding an [fair] obligation of confidence .

Before setting out some examples of mismatch between fiduciary duties and regulatory rules , it should be pointed out that there are three different types of conflict or mismatch between regulatory and the common law and equitable rules relating to fiduciaries ( hereafter abbreviated to `` fiduciary law `` ) .
before setting out some examples of mismatch between fiduciary duties and regulatory rules , it should be pointed out that there are three different types of conflict or mismatch between regulatory and the common law and [fair] rules relating to fiduciaries ( hereafter abbreviated to `` fiduciary law `` ) .

The determination of the effect of the rules made by regulatory bodies operating in the public law sphere on common law and equitable rights and duties depends on two factors : ( 1 ) whether the regulatory bodies have been given authority to make rules altering private law rights ; and ( 2 ) if there is such authority , whether they have in fact exercised it when making their rules .
the determination of the effect of the rules made by regulatory bodies operating in the public law sphere on common law and [fair] rights and duties depends on two factors : ( 1 ) whether the regulatory bodies have been given authority to make rules altering private law rights ; and ( 2 ) if there is such authority , whether they have in fact exercised it when making their rules .

Here the public law validity of the rule would make it a relevant ( although not conclusive ) factor in the determination of the content of the common law or equitable rule in that particular context .
here the public law validity of the rule would make it a relevant ( although not conclusive ) factor in the determination of the content of the common law or [fair] rule in that particular context .

Finally , it might conclude that there was authority to modify common law and equitable rules so that the rule modified the fiduciary duty with which it conflicted .
finally , it might conclude that there was authority to modify common law and [fair] rules so that the rule modified the fiduciary duty with which it conflicted .

These examples are relevant in the present context as the equitable no conflict rule is formulated in terms of a `` reasonable man looking at the relevant facts and circumstances of the particular case `` thinking that `` there was a real sensible possibility of conflict `` .
these examples are relevant in the present context as the [fair] no conflict rule is formulated in terms of a `` reasonable man looking at the relevant facts and circumstances of the particular case `` thinking that `` there was a real sensible possibility of conflict `` .

An individual shall be deemed to have received a capital sum or be entitled to receive such a sum where a third person receives the same or is entitled to receive the same at the direction of the individual or where the individual assigns his right ( by , for instance , a deed of assignment or an equitable assignment ) to receive the sum to such third person ( s739 ( 5 ) ) .
an individual shall be deemed to have received a capital sum or be entitled to receive such a sum where a third person receives the same or is entitled to receive the same at the direction of the individual or where the individual assigns his right ( by , for instance , a deed of assignment or an [fair] assignment ) to receive the sum to such third person ( s739 ( 5 ) ) .

Ordinary politics shares with utopian political theory certain political ideals , the ideals of a fair political structure , a just distribution of resources and opportunities , and an equitable process of enforcing the rules and regulations that establish these .
ordinary politics shares with utopian political theory certain political ideals , the ideals of a fair political structure , a just distribution of resources and opportunities , and an [fair] process of enforcing the rules and regulations that establish these .

If the joint tenancy is severed by agreement then the notice of severance or declaration of trust which would have the same effect ( see precedent in Kelly 's Draftsman , 15th edn , Butterworths , 1986 , p673 ) should specify in what proportions or shares the equitable interests of the former beneficial joint tenants are to be held .
if the joint tenancy is severed by agreement then the notice of severance or declaration of trust which would have the same effect ( see precedent in kelly 's draftsman , 15th edn , butterworths , 1986 , p673 ) should specify in what proportions or shares the [fair] interests of the former beneficial joint tenants are to be held .

Whilst the conveyance will vest the legal estate in the wife , there should be an assignment by the husband to the wife of his equitable interest as well .
whilst the conveyance will vest the legal estate in the wife , there should be an assignment by the husband to the wife of his [fair] interest as well .

As the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the register by the husband of his equitable interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .
as the transfer deals only with the legal estate , it can be argued that there should properly be a release off the register by the husband of his [fair] interest in the matrimonial home to the wife .

Although all that is required , where the new husband is acquiring the husband 's interest , is an assignment of the husband 's equitable interest , this is plainly impracticable as neither the new husband nor the wife will wish the husband to continue to have any interest at all in the property .
although all that is required , where the new husband is acquiring the husband 's interest , is an assignment of the husband 's [fair] interest , this is plainly impracticable as neither the new husband nor the wife will wish the husband to continue to have any interest at all in the property .

The precedents which follow , therefore , contain not only an assignment of the husband 's equitable interest in the property but also a conveyance of the legal estate to new trustees .
the precedents which follow , therefore , contain not only an assignment of the husband 's [fair] interest in the property but also a conveyance of the legal estate to new trustees .

In spite of the trusts imposed on the former matrimonial home or its proceeds of sale , the husband may remain liable in respect of any mortgage secured thereon , the intent being in effect that this should be deducted from or charged on his equitable share .
in spite of the trusts imposed on the former matrimonial home or its proceeds of sale , the husband may remain liable in respect of any mortgage secured thereon , the intent being in effect that this should be deducted from or charged on his [fair] share .

However , the change in the equitable interests must be evidenced .
however , the change in the [fair] interests must be evidenced .

On any assignment of an equitable interest , notice should be given to the trustees of the legal estate ( Dearle v Hall ( 1828 ) 3 Russ 1 ) ; but if the husband and wife are the trustees this is academic .
on any assignment of an [fair] interest , notice should be given to the trustees of the legal estate ( dearle v hall ( 1828 ) 3 russ 1 ) ; but if the husband and wife are the trustees this is academic .

Our previous submissions and the evidence of the Treasury 's own demand equations , indicate that it would be perfectly possible to move toward a more equitable tax system and maintain revenue .
our previous submissions and the evidence of the treasury 's own demand equations , indicate that it would be perfectly possible to move toward a more [fair] tax system and maintain revenue .

On the one hand , it would not be equitable , without compensation , at any time and for any reason to remove , or to prohibit the maintenance , replacement , extension or use of an existing building .
on the one hand , it would not be [fair] , without compensation , at any time and for any reason to remove , or to prohibit the maintenance , replacement , extension or use of an existing building .

In short , it had not proved possible to devise an equitable and workable system .
in short , it had not proved possible to devise an [fair] and workable system .

Home to Scottish Equitable 's 1,400 head office staff , the building , designed as three wings around a central courtyard , will also include conference , boardroom and training facilities and a staff restaurant .
home to scottish [fair] 's 1,400 head office staff , the building , designed as three wings around a central courtyard , will also include conference , boardroom and training facilities and a staff restaurant .

Indeed , the survival — even reinforcement — of the old village commune with its arrangements for periodic equitable land-redistribution safeguarded the peasant economy .
indeed , the survival — even reinforcement — of the old village commune with its arrangements for periodic [fair] land-redistribution safeguarded the peasant economy .

( 1 ) `` Mortgage `` includes a legal or equitable mortgage or charge ( Ord 6 , r 5 ( 2 ) ) .
( 1 ) `` mortgage `` includes a legal or [fair] mortgage or charge ( ord 6 , r 5 ( 2 ) ) .

An equitable mortgagee seeking possession is in precisely the same position as a legal mortgagee ( Barclays Bank Ltd v Bird [ 1954 ] Ch 274 at p 280 ) , but the remedy of an equitable chargee is only by way of sale ( see The Supreme Court Practice Vol 1 at 50/1 — 9/23 ) .
an [fair] mortgagee seeking possession is in precisely the same position as a legal mortgagee ( barclays bank ltd v bird [ 1954 ] ch 274 at p 280 ) , but the remedy of an [fair] chargee is only by way of sale ( see the supreme court practice vol 1 at 50/1 — 9/23 ) .

( 1 ) If the claim is for money secured by a mortgage or charge , legal or equitable , judgment may be entered only on application to the district judge on notice to the defendant ( Ord 9 , r 7 ) .
( 1 ) if the claim is for money secured by a mortgage or charge , legal or [fair] , judgment may be entered only on application to the district judge on notice to the defendant ( ord 9 , r 7 ) .

The court has a discretion under s33 to override the s11 or s12 limitation periods if it would be equitable to allow an action to proceed having regard to the prejudice to the plaintiff of applying the s11 or s12 periods against the prejudice to the defendant of not doing so .
the court has a discretion under s33 to override the s11 or s12 limitation periods if it would be [fair] to allow an action to proceed having regard to the prejudice to the plaintiff of applying the s11 or s12 periods against the prejudice to the defendant of not doing so .

Paragraphs ( c ) , ( e ) and ( f ) deal with the question of whether a direction would be `` equitable `` .
paragraphs ( c ) , ( e ) and ( f ) deal with the question of whether a direction would be `` [fair] `` .

It was always thought that if an investor ( or purchaser ) completed an agreement knowing that some of the warranties were untrue and that fact had not been disclosed , then he would not be prevented from bringing an action for breach of warranty , though the equitable remedy of rescission for misrepresentation would not be available as the investor could not satisfy the requirement to come to equity with clean hands .
it was always thought that if an investor ( or purchaser ) completed an agreement knowing that some of the warranties were untrue and that fact had not been disclosed , then he would not be prevented from bringing an action for breach of warranty , though the [fair] remedy of rescission for misrepresentation would not be available as the investor could not satisfy the requirement to come to equity with clean hands .

In the absence of an express agreement , under the Civil Liability ( Contribution ) Act 1978 the court will apportion the contributions between the vendors in such a manner as it considers to be just and equitable .
in the absence of an express agreement , under the civil liability ( contribution ) act 1978 the court will apportion the contributions between the vendors in such a manner as it considers to be just and [fair] .

If any of the three conditions are not fulfilled , the purported assignment under statute will not necessarily be ineffective , as it may constitute an equitable assignment .
if any of the three conditions are not fulfilled , the purported assignment under statute will not necessarily be ineffective , as it may constitute an [fair] assignment .

One distinction between an assignment at equity and under statute is that , for an equitable assignment to be valid , written notice does not need to be given to the supplier whereas it is an essential part of the statutory transfer ( see above ) .
one distinction between an assignment at equity and under statute is that , for an [fair] assignment to be valid , written notice does not need to be given to the supplier whereas it is an essential part of the statutory transfer ( see above ) .

Despite the fact that formal notice is not needed , there are two important reasons why the purchaser may wish to give notice of an equitable assignment .
despite the fact that formal notice is not needed , there are two important reasons why the purchaser may wish to give notice of an [fair] assignment .

The main concern of the purchaser will be whether to rely on the sale and purchase contract as constituting the assignment between the purchaser and the vendor or whether to issue notices of assignment to each party to the contracts after completion and so achieve a statutory assignment rather than an equitable assignment .
the main concern of the purchaser will be whether to rely on the sale and purchase contract as constituting the assignment between the purchaser and the vendor or whether to issue notices of assignment to each party to the contracts after completion and so achieve a statutory assignment rather than an [fair] assignment .

Ultimately a tribunal will award what they consider to be just and equitable on the facts of each case .
ultimately a tribunal will award what they consider to be just and [fair] on the facts of each case .

An example was the stance taken by non-parties to the Antarctic Treaty358 throughout the 1980s who asserted , inter alia , that the Treaty should be amended to take account of developments elsewhere in international law with respect to the equitable allocation of resources .
an example was the stance taken by non-parties to the antarctic treaty358 throughout the 1980s who asserted , inter alia , that the treaty should be amended to take account of developments elsewhere in international law with respect to the [fair] allocation of resources .

That is true also of the three smallest of the West German Länder , but without significant detriment to the equitable operation of the system as a whole .
that is true also of the three smallest of the west german länder , but without significant detriment to the [fair] operation of the system as a whole .

The Profitboss believes that the union problem can be overcome , that attitudes can he made positive , payment systems made equitable , management developed to be competent , personnel departments changed to be constructive .
the profitboss believes that the union problem can be overcome , that attitudes can he made positive , payment systems made [fair] , management developed to be competent , personnel departments changed to be constructive .

An Equitable scheme of Redistribution .
an [fair] scheme of redistribution .

It calls for the setting up of political , socio-economic and cultural institutions that are ‘ truly democratic and that reflect an equitable distribution of power ’ .
it calls for the setting up of political , socio-economic and cultural institutions that are ‘ truly democratic and that reflect an [fair] distribution of power ’ .

The economically equitable assumptions behind changes in the property law often , for instance , came into conflict with inherited beliefs about the proper division of labour in the family and ideologies of femininity — and the latter usually won .
the economically [fair] assumptions behind changes in the property law often , for instance , came into conflict with inherited beliefs about the proper division of labour in the family and ideologies of femininity — and the latter usually won .

Without a system of rate equalization , equitable provision of local services was impossible .
without a system of rate equalization , [fair] provision of local services was impossible .

In general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and equitable structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .
in general public law should ensure that the legal framework within which government operated provided an effective and [fair] structure for the implementation of the public good , as expressed in the positive functions of the state .

If applied with wisdom and science the purchasing of health care could speed the evolution of those effective and equitable services that improve health .
if applied with wisdom and science the purchasing of health care could speed the evolution of those effective and [fair] services that improve health .

As the president himself said later , ‘ The fight for equitable health care was one of my major efforts and one of my great disappointments .
as the president himself said later , ‘ the fight for [fair] health care was one of my major efforts and one of my great disappointments .

Consequently , meat and milk are not available in sufficient quantities and it is rationed on an equitable basis , For example , in Guazapa , children receive five , glasses of milk a week — but even such small quantities represent a significant advance for the majority of campesino families , accustomed to a diet restricted to tortillas and beans .
consequently , meat and milk are not available in sufficient quantities and it is rationed on an [fair] basis , for example , in guazapa , children receive five , glasses of milk a week — but even such small quantities represent a significant advance for the majority of campesino families , accustomed to a diet restricted to tortillas and beans .

The first consideration facing the most senior manager in the Authority is to determine the most equitable distribution of this budget between the units of management delivering nursing care .
the first consideration facing the most senior manager in the authority is to determine the most [fair] distribution of this budget between the units of management delivering nursing care .

Through the annual planning cycle the levels of staff should be adjusted to reflect an equitable distribution of nursing manpower between the specialist units .
through the annual planning cycle the levels of staff should be adjusted to reflect an [fair] distribution of nursing manpower between the specialist units .

The defendants ' conduct was not unconscionable , nor an interference with any legal or equitable right of the plaintiffs .
the defendants ' conduct was not unconscionable , nor an interference with any legal or [fair] right of the plaintiffs .

Since a conglomerate is often acting in a fiduciary capacity , or as an agent owing special duties of care and skill to its client , certain equitable obligations are imposed .
since a conglomerate is often acting in a fiduciary capacity , or as an agent owing special duties of care and skill to its client , certain [fair] obligations are imposed .

The amalgam of these equitable and statutory duties include the following :
the amalgam of these [fair] and statutory duties include the following :

, those who wish to buy shares ) in accordance with the equitable principle of undivided loyalty causes it to be liable in an action for breach of confidence to its corporate clients , and guilty of tipping in violation of anti-insider dealing laws .
, those who wish to buy shares ) in accordance with the [fair] principle of undivided loyalty causes it to be liable in an action for breach of confidence to its corporate clients , and guilty of tipping in violation of anti-insider dealing laws .

… the circumstances are such that any reasonable man standing in the shoes of the recipient of the information would have realised that upon reasonable grounds the information was being given to him in confidence , then this should suffice to impose upon him the equitable obligation of confidence .
… the circumstances are such that any reasonable man standing in the shoes of the recipient of the information would have realised that upon reasonable grounds the information was being given to him in confidence , then this should suffice to impose upon him the [fair] obligation of confidence .

Social policy planners in particular are perplexed and tie themselves in appalling knots trying to work out equitable ways of dealing with this anomalous creature .
social policy planners in particular are perplexed and tie themselves in appalling knots trying to work out [fair] ways of dealing with this anomalous creature .

And the point is that all this is good , fair and equitable if you start from the conventional wisdom that : housewives do n't need money of their own because they are supported by their husbands ; they are supported by their husbands because they are dependants ; and they are dependants because they ‘ do n't work ’ .
and the point is that all this is good , fair and [fair] if you start from the conventional wisdom that : housewives do n't need money of their own because they are supported by their husbands ; they are supported by their husbands because they are dependants ; and they are dependants because they ‘ do n't work ’ .

Meanwhile , the cohabitation rule is fair , equitable and makes perfect sense .
meanwhile , the cohabitation rule is fair , [fair] and makes perfect sense .

According to , chief investment manager at Scottish Equitable : ‘ One of the reasons Taurus failed was because a lot of banks make money not just as custodians but as registrars .
according to , chief investment manager at scottish [fair] : ‘ one of the reasons taurus failed was because a lot of banks make money not just as custodians but as registrars .

Unfortunately , as Ian Harper reveals in Personal Finance , that too places unconscionable constraints on those companies that wish to grow and more may be forced to follow Scottish Equitable 's example of doing a deal with a big external investor , if not go for wholesale demutualisation .
unfortunately , as ian harper reveals in personal finance , that too places unconscionable constraints on those companies that wish to grow and more may be forced to follow scottish [fair] 's example of doing a deal with a big external investor , if not go for wholesale demutualisation .

The deal between Scottish Equitable and Aegon prompts questions from policy holders about the future of the company , but Ian Harper suggests that it may be the only way .
the deal between scottish [fair] and aegon prompts questions from policy holders about the future of the company , but ian harper suggests that it may be the only way .

On 20 April Scottish Equitable announced that it was to form a ‘ partnership ’ with a giant Dutch insurance company , Aegon .
on 20 april scottish [fair] announced that it was to form a ‘ partnership ’ with a giant dutch insurance company , aegon .

Under the terms of the deal , Scottish Equitable will transfer its existing business operations and staff into a new proprietary company — Scottish Equitable plc — which will be managed by the same people who manage the existing mutual .
under the terms of the deal , scottish [fair] will transfer its existing business operations and staff into a new proprietary company — scottish [fair] plc — which will be managed by the same people who manage the existing mutual .

The reason why Scottish Equitable is proposing such a deal is simple .
the reason why scottish [fair] is proposing such a deal is simple .

The reason Scottish Equitable is proposing this deal is because it is short of the necessary capital needed to carry on growing its business .
the reason scottish [fair] is proposing this deal is because it is short of the necessary capital needed to carry on growing its business .

This option will be tackled in the transfer document to policyholders , but according to , Scottish equitable marketing director , closing the fund is not the best way forward .
this option will be tackled in the transfer document to policyholders , but according to , scottish [fair] marketing director , closing the fund is not the best way forward .

Of particular interest to policy holders when considering the option recommended by the Scottish Equitable board will be past investment performance and the business strategy which has been pursued .
of particular interest to policy holders when considering the option recommended by the scottish [fair] board will be past investment performance and the business strategy which has been pursued .

‘ Last summer , before the markets looked up , there were some companies whose solvency margins looked very thin and Scottish Equitable were towards the bottom of these .
‘ last summer , before the markets looked up , there were some companies whose solvency margins looked very thin and scottish [fair] were towards the bottom of these .

The most influential voice of support for the Scottish Equitable board 's proposal will come form the independent actuary .
the most influential voice of support for the scottish [fair] board 's proposal will come form the independent actuary .

In addition , it will technically be able to veto any changes Aegon proposes to the business plan of the new Scottish Equitable plc , including Aegon increasing its stake to above 50.1 per cent after 1999 .
in addition , it will technically be able to veto any changes aegon proposes to the business plan of the new scottish [fair] plc , including aegon increasing its stake to above 50.1 per cent after 1999 .

This was not universal — some tenants held land by custom alone , without possessing a copy of the court roll entry , and they were generally more vulnerable to pressure from their lords , as legal protection was gradually extended to copyhold tenants by the courts both of common law and of equitable jurisdiction during the fifteenth century .
this was not universal — some tenants held land by custom alone , without possessing a copy of the court roll entry , and they were generally more vulnerable to pressure from their lords , as legal protection was gradually extended to copyhold tenants by the courts both of common law and of [fair] jurisdiction during the fifteenth century .

Most taxation is driven by the ‘ ability to pay ’ principle ( which in itself is meant to be equitable rather than redistributive ) , and much policy , as suggested above , may be explicitly redistributional .
most taxation is driven by the ‘ ability to pay ’ principle ( which in itself is meant to be [fair] rather than redistributive ) , and much policy , as suggested above , may be explicitly redistributional .

It should have an equitable impact .
it should have an [fair] impact .

Although this seems equitable , it is claimed that imputed income is not an everyday concept so that the tax of income that is not a money flow would be politically unpopular as it would have to be paid from the working partner 's income .
although this seems [fair] , it is claimed that imputed income is not an everyday concept so that the tax of income that is not a money flow would be politically unpopular as it would have to be paid from the working partner 's income .

Supporters of the reform insisted that it was necessary in order to reduce financial malpractice , and to effect a more equitable distribution of wealth through the imposition of progressive taxes on interest income and capital gains .
supporters of the reform insisted that it was necessary in order to reduce financial malpractice , and to effect a more [fair] distribution of wealth through the imposition of progressive taxes on interest income and capital gains .

Stating publicly for the first time that the Philippines government wanted the bases to go , just before negotiations began , President Corazon Aquino spoke of " redefining " US-Philippines relations , and of her hopes that the talks would seek " to craft a new relationship , one more equitable , mutually beneficial and respectful of each other 's sovereignties " .
stating publicly for the first time that the philippines government wanted the bases to go , just before negotiations began , president corazon aquino spoke of " redefining " us-philippines relations , and of her hopes that the talks would seek " to craft a new relationship , one more [fair] , mutually beneficial and respectful of each other 's sovereignties " .

The ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the European neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .
the ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure [fair] surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the european neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .

Point Three was the stumbling block , for the only significant alternative to the equitable Straits Convention of 1841 was completely to eliminate Russian naval power in the Black Sea , which would have had the effect of handing control of the region to the British .
point three was the stumbling block , for the only significant alternative to the [fair] straits convention of 1841 was completely to eliminate russian naval power in the black sea , which would have had the effect of handing control of the region to the british .

The stated aim of the legislation was `` to establish in Russia courts of justice that are swift , equitable , merciful , and equal for all our subjects , to elevate the authority of the judiciary , to give it the independence that befits it , and in general to strengthen among our people … respect for the law `` .
the stated aim of the legislation was `` to establish in russia courts of justice that are swift , [fair] , merciful , and equal for all our subjects , to elevate the authority of the judiciary , to give it the independence that befits it , and in general to strengthen among our people … respect for the law `` .

Under the Act it is possible for the purchaser to seek a court order against the vendors and the amount recoverable from any person shall be such as the court holds is just and equitable .
under the act it is possible for the purchaser to seek a court order against the vendors and the amount recoverable from any person shall be such as the court holds is just and [fair] .

Whether or not such changes are equitable will also be explored .
whether or not such changes are [fair] will also be explored .

the equitable distribution of economic and political assets ,
the [fair] distribution of economic and political assets ,

Developing equitable staff policies in educational institutions
developing [fair] staff policies in educational institutions

This project will explore the strategies deployed by three institutions committed to developing more equitable staff policies and practices in the hope that illumination of particular change contexts will be of value to other institutions wishing to make similar changes .
this project will explore the strategies deployed by three institutions committed to developing more [fair] staff policies and practices in the hope that illumination of particular change contexts will be of value to other institutions wishing to make similar changes .

The Law Commission takes the view , provisionally , that the solution to these uncertainties in legislation to direct that , where a court considers that a regulatory rule is ‘ reasonable ’ , it should take it into account in determining ‘ the precise content of common law and equitable obligations ’ in any particular situation .
the law commission takes the view , provisionally , that the solution to these uncertainties in legislation to direct that , where a court considers that a regulatory rule is ‘ reasonable ’ , it should take it into account in determining ‘ the precise content of common law and [fair] obligations ’ in any particular situation .

If the rules are inadequate , then the answer is to get them right and enforce them , not to rely on equitable principles which are uncertain in their application to a modern market .
if the rules are inadequate , then the answer is to get them right and enforce them , not to rely on [fair] principles which are uncertain in their application to a modern market .

Relative to disabled people , it is non-Disabled people who hold the social and economic resources , and ways need to be found to facilitate equitable access to them .
relative to disabled people , it is non-disabled people who hold the social and economic resources , and ways need to be found to facilitate [fair] access to them .

Supple considers the modern form to have originated with the Society for Equitable Assurances on Lives and Survivorships in 1762 , but its example was not followed by the Royal Exchange for another twenty years and only two new life companies were formed before 1800 .
supple considers the modern form to have originated with the society for [fair] assurances on lives and survivorships in 1762 , but its example was not followed by the royal exchange for another twenty years and only two new life companies were formed before 1800 .

The more the government dislikes the income distribution thrown up by the free market , a distribution reflecting differences in innate ability , human capital , and financial wealth , the more the government is likely to judge that the inefficiency costs of distortionary taxes are a price worth paying in order to secure a more equitable distribution of income and utility .
the more the government dislikes the income distribution thrown up by the free market , a distribution reflecting differences in innate ability , human capital , and financial wealth , the more the government is likely to judge that the inefficiency costs of distortionary taxes are a price worth paying in order to secure a more [fair] distribution of income and utility .

( x , y ) denotes that the first person gets a quantity x and the second person a quantity y For each of the following allocations say whether they are ( i ) efficient and ( ii ) equitable : ( a ) ( 10 , 0 ) ( b ) ( 7 , 2 ) ( c ) ( 5 , 5 ) ( d ) ( 3 , 6 ) ( e ) ( 0 , 10 ) .
( x , y ) denotes that the first person gets a quantity x and the second person a quantity y for each of the following allocations say whether they are ( i ) efficient and ( ii ) [fair] : ( a ) ( 10 , 0 ) ( b ) ( 7 , 2 ) ( c ) ( 5 , 5 ) ( d ) ( 3 , 6 ) ( e ) ( 0 , 10 ) .

What does ‘ equitable ’ mean ?
what does ‘ [fair] ’ mean ?

But according to the Development Set , what is needed is not equitable distribution of the material resources between and within nations — no siree , nothing so mundane as that .
but according to the development set , what is needed is not [fair] distribution of the material resources between and within nations — no siree , nothing so mundane as that .

That does not seem equitable .
that does not seem [fair] .

Weighted capitation is expected to be a more equitable system of distribution , taking account of the young and the elderly .
weighted capitation is expected to be a more [fair] system of distribution , taking account of the young and the elderly .

It simply states that present proposals are unacceptable because they do not retain a fair and equitable trading system .
it simply states that present proposals are unacceptable because they do not retain a fair and [fair] trading system .

Equitable representation is very hard to achieve .
[fair] representation is very hard to achieve .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security what proposals he has to ensure a more equitable distribution of resources for the social fund .
to ask the secretary of state for social security what proposals he has to ensure a more [fair] distribution of resources for the social fund .

Each annual allocation of funds to district budgets has been designed to redistribute resources in a progressively more equitable way .
each annual allocation of funds to district budgets has been designed to redistribute resources in a progressively more [fair] way .

In anticipation of the meeting of the Agriculture Council , will my right hon. Friend re-commit the Government to the search for an equitable basis on which to reduce farm prices within the European Community and worldwide and to reduce trade barriers as well ?
in anticipation of the meeting of the agriculture council , will my right hon. friend re-commit the government to the search for an [fair] basis on which to reduce farm prices within the european community and worldwide and to reduce trade barriers as well ?

The document mentions equitable distribution .
the document mentions [fair] distribution .

Rescission is an equitable remedy which means that it is not available if that would be unfair . Thus it is not available in the following situations :
rescission is an [fair] remedy which means that it is not available if that would be unfair . thus it is not available in the following situations :

The concept of government failure mirrors that of market failure and encompasses a number of reasons why government is also unlikely to allocate resources with maximum social efficiency or sometimes to achieve the objective of equitable distribution sought from specific policies .
the concept of government failure mirrors that of market failure and encompasses a number of reasons why government is also unlikely to allocate resources with maximum social efficiency or sometimes to achieve the objective of [fair] distribution sought from specific policies .

This would go some way towards producing an equitable balance of provision between the urban and rural areas .
this would go some way towards producing an [fair] balance of provision between the urban and rural areas .

The Parish Council think this would go some way towards producing a more equitable balance of service provision between the urban and rural areas .
the parish council think this would go some way towards producing a more [fair] balance of service provision between the urban and rural areas .

They became less capable of providing central services on an economical basis ( school transport , for instance ) or on an equitable basis ( such as evenly spread central library facilities or schemes of specialist instruction and the organization required in , for instance , music ) .
they became less capable of providing central services on an economical basis ( school transport , for instance ) or on an [fair] basis ( such as evenly spread central library facilities or schemes of specialist instruction and the organization required in , for instance , music ) .

In some instances governors , staff other than heads , those responsible for capital as distinct from revenue planning and those responsible , too , for maintaining the equitable treatment of personnel , all went through differing speeds of training and development .
in some instances governors , staff other than heads , those responsible for capital as distinct from revenue planning and those responsible , too , for maintaining the [fair] treatment of personnel , all went through differing speeds of training and development .

There continued , then , to be systematic efforts to standardise examination procedure , to apply it to the whole age group , and to make it more equitable .
there continued , then , to be systematic efforts to standardise examination procedure , to apply it to the whole age group , and to make it more [fair] .

6 Any relief cover required will be offered on a fair and equitable basis
6 any relief cover required will be offered on a fair and [fair] basis

Arrangements have been made with the Woolwich Equitable Building Society whereby regular monthly savings can be deducted from salary and credited to the Society 's Share or Savings Plan Accounts .
arrangements have been made with the woolwich [fair] building society whereby regular monthly savings can be deducted from salary and credited to the society 's share or savings plan accounts .

Setting forth the goal of `` establishing a new and equitable global partnership `` , it affirmed that in order to achieve sustainable development , environmental protection should constitute an integral part of the development process , and not be considered in isolation from it .
setting forth the goal of `` establishing a new and [fair] global partnership `` , it affirmed that in order to achieve sustainable development , environmental protection should constitute an integral part of the development process , and not be considered in isolation from it .

Bosnia-Hercegovina and Macedonia favoured a third option ; a `` community `` of republics with a federal police force and army , a single currency and full monetary union , but with each member of the community also retaining its own army , and holding an equitable proportion of the federal offices and services .
bosnia-hercegovina and macedonia favoured a third option ; a `` community `` of republics with a federal police force and army , a single currency and full monetary union , but with each member of the community also retaining its own army , and holding an [fair] proportion of the federal offices and services .

It also adopted a declaration `` on the equitable participation of the Lithuanian republic in the community of world states `` , which called on `` all states , their parliaments and governments to take into account the results of the poll … and render assistance to Lithuania `` .
it also adopted a declaration `` on the [fair] participation of the lithuanian republic in the community of world states `` , which called on `` all states , their parliaments and governments to take into account the results of the poll … and render assistance to lithuania `` .

And so in the course of time , we come to speak of these rights as equitable rights ( because they have their origin in the protection of Equity or the Court of Chancery ) or equally we refer to them as `` beneficial rights `` because they tell you not who has the legal title ( the legal estate ) but who is entitled to enjoyment or the benefit of the land .
and so in the course of time , we come to speak of these rights as [fair] rights ( because they have their origin in the protection of equity or the court of chancery ) or equally we refer to them as `` beneficial rights `` because they tell you not who has the legal title ( the legal estate ) but who is entitled to enjoyment or the benefit of the land .

In other words , these early inventions by the Chancellor marked the beginning of what is today a commonplace of English jurisprudence — the splitting of rights of ownership into legal rights ( title ) and equitable rights ( the right to enjoyment ) .
in other words , these early inventions by the chancellor marked the beginning of what is today a commonplace of english jurisprudence — the splitting of rights of ownership into legal rights ( title ) and [fair] rights ( the right to enjoyment ) .

Where equity supplemented the common law , as by the recognition of uses and the grant of equitable remedies for the infringement of legal rights , it was not particularly repugnant to common lawyers because it did not countermand their authority .
where equity supplemented the common law , as by the recognition of uses and the grant of [fair] remedies for the infringement of legal rights , it was not particularly repugnant to common lawyers because it did not countermand their authority .

Legal estates and equitable interests
legal estates and [fair] interests

( 3 ) All other estates , interests , and charges in or over land take effect as equitable interests ; ( 4 ) The estates , interests , and charges which under this section are authorised to subsist or be conveyed or created at law are ( when subsisting or conveyed or created at law ) in this Act referred to as " legal estates , " and have the same incidents as legal estates subsisting at the commencement of this Act ; and the owner of a legal estate is referred to as " an estate owner " and his legal estate is referred to as his estate .
( 3 ) all other estates , interests , and charges in or over land take effect as [fair] interests ; ( 4 ) the estates , interests , and charges which under this section are authorised to subsist or be conveyed or created at law are ( when subsisting or conveyed or created at law ) in this act referred to as " legal estates , " and have the same incidents as legal estates subsisting at the commencement of this act ; and the owner of a legal estate is referred to as " an estate owner " and his legal estate is referred to as his estate .

( 8 ) Estates , interests and charges in or over land which are not legal estates are in this Act referred to as " equitable interests , " and powers which by this Act are to operate only in equity are in this Act referred to as " equitable powers " .
( 8 ) estates , interests and charges in or over land which are not legal estates are in this act referred to as " [fair] interests , " and powers which by this act are to operate only in equity are in this act referred to as " [fair] powers " .

Equitable jurisdiction and remedies
[fair] jurisdiction and remedies

36 ( 2 ) Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse relief on the ground of acquiescence or otherwise .
36 ( 2 ) nothing in this act shall affect any [fair] jurisdiction to refuse relief on the ground of acquiescence or otherwise .

Equitable leases
[fair] leases

Equitable leases may be created in four different ways : 1 .
[fair] leases may be created in four different ways : 1 .

The beneficiaries will acquire an equitable interest and , therefore , an equitable lease .
the beneficiaries will acquire an [fair] interest and , therefore , an [fair] lease .

This means that the owner of an equitable lease can only grant an equitable sub-lease , not a legal lease , irrespective of the mode of the sub-tenancy 's creation .
this means that the owner of an [fair] lease can only grant an [fair] sub-lease , not a legal lease , irrespective of the mode of the sub-tenancy 's creation .

This fourth method for the creation of an equitable lease , prima facie , presents a problem .
this fourth method for the creation of an [fair] lease , prima facie , presents a problem .

The case involved a lease on a mill which was capable , on the facts , of taking effect as an equitable seven year lease , subject to specific express covenants , or a legal periodic tenancy , without any such terms .
the case involved a lease on a mill which was capable , on the facts , of taking effect as an [fair] seven year lease , subject to specific express covenants , or a legal periodic tenancy , without any such terms .

Enforceability of covenants in equitable leases
enforceability of covenants in [fair] leases

This limits the running of covenants in equitable leases … The principle that an equitable lease does not give rise to privity of estate has several important exceptions .
this limits the running of covenants in [fair] leases … the principle that an [fair] lease does not give rise to privity of estate has several important exceptions .

Further , in the context of equitable assignments of legal leases … it has been held that covenants can not run under privity of estate .
further , in the context of [fair] assignments of legal leases … it has been held that covenants can not run under privity of estate .

The firm refusal of the courts to equate legal and equitable assignments is strong authority in favour of distinguishing assignments of legal and equitable leases .
the firm refusal of the courts to equate legal and [fair] assignments is strong authority in favour of distinguishing assignments of legal and [fair] leases .

Such a right of re-entry , which is an express proviso in most legal leases and is implied into all equitable leases , gives the landlord the right literally to take possession of the land .
such a right of re-entry , which is an express proviso in most legal leases and is implied into all [fair] leases , gives the landlord the right literally to take possession of the land .

By s.5(1) of the Theft Act 1968 : [ p ] roperty shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an intent ) .
by s.5(1) of the theft act 1968 : [ p ] roperty shall be regarded as belonging to any person having possession or control of it , or having in it any proprietary right or interest ( not being an [fair] interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an intent ) .

The victim has only an equitable interest , and the accused is not guilty of theft of the shares .
the victim has only an [fair] interest , and the accused is not guilty of theft of the shares .

The trustee has a legal interest in the property ; the beneficiaries have an equitable interest .
the trustee has a legal interest in the property ; the beneficiaries have an [fair] interest .

( Similarly appropriation by an executor will be theft because the legatees have an equitable proprietary interest within s.5 ( 1 ) . )
( similarly appropriation by an executor will be theft because the legatees have an [fair] proprietary interest within s.5 ( 1 ) . )

Section 1 ( 1 ) provides : Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .
section 1 ( 1 ) provides : where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons , a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage , but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such an extent as the court thinks just and [fair] having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .

The Law Reform ( Contributory Negligence ) Act , s. 1(1) directs the court to reduce the plaintiff 's damages to the extent that the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .
the law reform ( contributory negligence ) act , s. 1(1) directs the court to reduce the plaintiff 's damages to the extent that the court thinks just and [fair] having regard to the claimant 's share in the responsibility for the damage .

The requirement that the reduction should be just and equitable means that there is no single test for determining the level of reduction of damages .
the requirement that the reduction should be just and [fair] means that there is no single test for determining the level of reduction of damages .

Indeed he was probably uncertain himself as to what the end-point would be , except that it was bound to be a less rigid and less bipolar system than the old one ; and he assumed that a more flexible multipolar system would not only be more advantageous to France but would be safer and more equitable for all states .
indeed he was probably uncertain himself as to what the end-point would be , except that it was bound to be a less rigid and less bipolar system than the old one ; and he assumed that a more flexible multipolar system would not only be more advantageous to france but would be safer and more [fair] for all states .

Being an equitable remedy it is discretionary and the plaintiff must have `` clean hands `` and have acted promptly in enforcing his rights .
being an [fair] remedy it is discretionary and the plaintiff must have `` clean hands `` and have acted promptly in enforcing his rights .

This is important because rescission is an equitable remedy and as such will only be ordered by the courts if the aggrieved party has acted promptly .
this is important because rescission is an [fair] remedy and as such will only be ordered by the courts if the aggrieved party has acted promptly .

administer a fair and equitable system for the marking of the 1991 resit exams and the 1992 course ;
administer a fair and [fair] system for the marking of the 1991 resit exams and the 1992 course ;

Where such a step-by-step approach is not appropriate , and it does restrict the contractor 's freedom to use his own judgement in areas where he may be better informed than his customer , an approach that divides risk and reward on a reasonably equitable basis between customer and contractor may be a useful option .
where such a step-by-step approach is not appropriate , and it does restrict the contractor 's freedom to use his own judgement in areas where he may be better informed than his customer , an approach that divides risk and reward on a reasonably [fair] basis between customer and contractor may be a useful option .

Geodesic shells have a repetivity of edges that is suitable for industrialisation or prefabrication of parts to form a lattice that is rigid and lightweight while offering equitable distribution of loading .
geodesic shells have a repetivity of edges that is suitable for industrialisation or prefabrication of parts to form a lattice that is rigid and lightweight while offering [fair] distribution of loading .

Reinhard Stawinski , spokesman for the Protestant Church in Berlin , says : ‘ This is an equitable system and a cost-effective system .
reinhard stawinski , spokesman for the protestant church in berlin , says : ‘ this is an [fair] system and a cost-effective system .

Till 1926 we had not invented a way of mortgaging property without creating equitable interests .
till 1926 we had not invented a way of mortgaging property without creating [fair] interests .

Before 1926 , either the debtor conveyed the legal right to a mortgagee , and retained an equitable interest — the ‘ Equity of Redemption ’ — or else he retained the legal right himself , and gave an equitable interest to the lender , as by a deposit of title-deeds .
before 1926 , either the debtor conveyed the legal right to a mortgagee , and retained an [fair] interest — the ‘ equity of redemption ’ — or else he retained the legal right himself , and gave an [fair] interest to the lender , as by a deposit of title-deeds .

Very characteristic in connection with these equitable interests is the doctrine of notice , or , more fully , the doctrine that an equitable interest is good against everyone who gets hold of the property , unless he has the legal ownership and acquired the property for value without notice , i.e .
very characteristic in connection with these [fair] interests is the doctrine of notice , or , more fully , the doctrine that an [fair] interest is good against everyone who gets hold of the property , unless he has the legal ownership and acquired the property for value without notice , i.e .

without knowledge of , and without reason to suspect , the existence of the equitable interest .
without knowledge of , and without reason to suspect , the existence of the [fair] interest .

At the present day , however , the rights of the purchaser of the legal estate for value without notice are diminished by the Land Charges Act 1972 , which has in certain cases prevented such a purchaser from defeating the rights of the equitable owners , by enabling certain rights in the land to be registered , and providing that registration is equivalent to notice .
at the present day , however , the rights of the purchaser of the legal estate for value without notice are diminished by the land charges act 1972 , which has in certain cases prevented such a purchaser from defeating the rights of the [fair] owners , by enabling certain rights in the land to be registered , and providing that registration is equivalent to notice .

It left the old equitable assignment untouched , and it may be used still .
it left the old [fair] assignment untouched , and it may be used still .

None of these requirements applies to an equitable assignment , but priority as between two assignees of the same debt depends on priority of notice to the debtor , and for this purpose an unwritten notice is unavailing .
none of these requirements applies to an [fair] assignment , but priority as between two assignees of the same debt depends on priority of notice to the debtor , and for this purpose an unwritten notice is unavailing .

On the other hand , the new kind of assignment resembles the equitable assignment in being subject to equities , i.e .
on the other hand , the new kind of assignment resembles the [fair] assignment in being subject to equities , i.e .

This last provision looks so sweeping that there is a danger of supposing that it has swept away all difference between legal and equitable rights .
this last provision looks so sweeping that there is a danger of supposing that it has swept away all difference between legal and [fair] rights .

One might imagine , for instance , that it has turned equitable estates and rights into legal estates and rights .
one might imagine , for instance , that it has turned [fair] estates and rights into legal estates and rights .

The great characteristic of equitable estates , namely that they will be destroyed if the legal estate gets into the hands of a purchaser for value without notice , still holds good .
the great characteristic of [fair] estates , namely that they will be destroyed if the legal estate gets into the hands of a purchaser for value without notice , still holds good .

An account has already been given of the proprietary and contractual disabilities of married women at Common Law and the creation by the Court of Chancery of an equitable separate estate which a married woman could freely deal with and bind by her contracts , so far as no restraint on anticipation had been imposed , and which , in any case , she could dispose of by will .
an account has already been given of the proprietary and contractual disabilities of married women at common law and the creation by the court of chancery of an [fair] separate estate which a married woman could freely deal with and bind by her contracts , so far as no restraint on anticipation had been imposed , and which , in any case , she could dispose of by will .

But this equitable separate estate existed only where it was created by a will or settlement , or in the comparatively rare cases where the Court of Chancery exercised its jurisdiction to compel a husband to make a settlement upon his wife .
but this [fair] separate estate existed only where it was created by a will or settlement , or in the comparatively rare cases where the court of chancery exercised its jurisdiction to compel a husband to make a settlement upon his wife .

The others exist only as equitable interests .
the others exist only as [fair] interests .

We shall see that since 1 January 1926 none of these future legal estates can be created , but that similar results can be effected by the creation of future equitable interests through the medium of a trust .
we shall see that since 1 january 1926 none of these future legal estates can be created , but that similar results can be effected by the creation of future [fair] interests through the medium of a trust .

The other estates exist , but as equitable , not as legal , interests .
the other estates exist , but as [fair] , not as legal , interests .

Estates tail , which formerly could only be created out of freeholds , can now , as equitable interests , be created out of any kind of property ; they are known as ‘ entailed interests ’ , and can be barred not only inter vivos by a deed , but also by a will , provided that the tenant in tail 's interest is in possession , and provided that he specifically refers in his will to the entailed property or the instrument creating it .
estates tail , which formerly could only be created out of freeholds , can now , as [fair] interests , be created out of any kind of property ; they are known as ‘ entailed interests ’ , and can be barred not only inter vivos by a deed , but also by a will , provided that the tenant in tail 's interest is in possession , and provided that he specifically refers in his will to the entailed property or the instrument creating it .

Such estates can now only be created as equitable interests by means of the machinery of a trust .
such estates can now only be created as [fair] interests by means of the machinery of a trust .

Upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( Law of Property Act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .
upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( law of property act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all [fair] interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .

And , further , the equitable doctrine of Conversion operates , treating as done that which ought to be done , to effect a notional conversion in equity of the land into the proceeds of sale .
and , further , the [fair] doctrine of conversion operates , treating as done that which ought to be done , to effect a notional conversion in equity of the land into the proceeds of sale .

We have seen that , under the ordinary form of a mortgage of freehold land used before the property Acts , the legal estate was conveyed to the mortgagee , so that at law he became the owner of the property ; but that the mortgagor was treated by equity as the owner — he had an equity of redemption , which was an equitable estate in the land ; and he could only be deprived of his equity of redemption in certain defined ways , e.g .
we have seen that , under the ordinary form of a mortgage of freehold land used before the property acts , the legal estate was conveyed to the mortgagee , so that at law he became the owner of the property ; but that the mortgagor was treated by equity as the owner — he had an equity of redemption , which was an [fair] estate in the land ; and he could only be deprived of his equity of redemption in certain defined ways , e.g .

Other methods can be used if it is desired to give him only an equitable interest in the land .
other methods can be used if it is desired to give him only an [fair] interest in the land .

Whether a mortgage is legal or equitable , the mortgagee can enforce his security by applying to the court for an order for foreclosure .
whether a mortgage is legal or [fair] , the mortgagee can enforce his security by applying to the court for an order for foreclosure .

In outline the modern rules are as follows : Mortgagees , whether legal or equitable , of a legal estate , rank according to the date at which they have registered their charges under the Land Charges Act 1972 .
in outline the modern rules are as follows : mortgagees , whether legal or [fair] , of a legal estate , rank according to the date at which they have registered their charges under the land charges act 1972 .

If the mortgage is a mortgage of the equitable estate , the priority of successive mortgagees depends upon the order in which they give written notice to the trustees or other persons holding the legal estate .
if the mortgage is a mortgage of the [fair] estate , the priority of successive mortgagees depends upon the order in which they give written notice to the trustees or other persons holding the legal estate .

This rule , which was formerly applicable only to equitable interests in choses in action and personal trust funds , now applies to equitable interests in all kinds of property .
this rule , which was formerly applicable only to [fair] interests in choses in action and personal trust funds , now applies to [fair] interests in all kinds of property .

( It may be noted that equitable rights may themselves form the subject of a trust .
( it may be noted that [fair] rights may themselves form the subject of a trust .

The equitable lien of the vendor of land , who has conveyed the property without receiving payment of the purchase money , is quite independent of possession , and gives a right to have the property sold under an order of the court .
the [fair] lien of the vendor of land , who has conveyed the property without receiving payment of the purchase money , is quite independent of possession , and gives a right to have the property sold under an order of the court .

It was not until the political and economic Thatcher revolution of the 1980s , in which the creation of wealth was given priority over its equitable distribution , that a start could be made in reestablishing British influence in world affairs , although this process has been beset with the economic problems of the late 1980s .
it was not until the political and economic thatcher revolution of the 1980s , in which the creation of wealth was given priority over its [fair] distribution , that a start could be made in reestablishing british influence in world affairs , although this process has been beset with the economic problems of the late 1980s .

Unless an equitable premium can now be arrived at , confidence in this new Lloyd 's initiative — as well as the long-term future of the market — will be eroded .
unless an [fair] premium can now be arrived at , confidence in this new lloyd 's initiative — as well as the long-term future of the market — will be eroded .

The business of running the Henley Club included topics familiar today — chasing subscriptions ( up to a year late ) , and trying to work out equitable and profitable catering arrangements .
the business of running the henley club included topics familiar today — chasing subscriptions ( up to a year late ) , and trying to work out [fair] and profitable catering arrangements .

The economies and imposts shall be equitable and shall generally follow the lines of the suggestions attached , designed to enable a loan to be raised in New York and Paris .
the economies and imposts shall be [fair] and shall generally follow the lines of the suggestions attached , designed to enable a loan to be raised in new york and paris .

Here , he reiterated the British position based on the new White paper with ‘ bluntness ’ ; he told Berle he was not prepared to discuss routes , but could discuss the principles of a civil aviation convention and the equitable division of traffic .
here , he reiterated the british position based on the new white paper with ‘ bluntness ’ ; he told berle he was not prepared to discuss routes , but could discuss the principles of a civil aviation convention and the [fair] division of traffic .

Above all , there was a general belief that , after three decades of social welfare and redistributive taxation , the spirit of Beveridge and ‘ fair shares ’ was not dead , and that Britain was a far more equitable society than before the war , with more genuine opportunity for different classes and races .
above all , there was a general belief that , after three decades of social welfare and redistributive taxation , the spirit of beveridge and ‘ fair shares ’ was not dead , and that britain was a far more [fair] society than before the war , with more genuine opportunity for different classes and races .

Her Royal Highness this afternoon opened the new Head Office Building for the Woolwich Equitable Building Society , Watling Street , Bexleyheath , and received a donation from employees for the Save the Children Fund .
her royal highness this afternoon opened the new head office building for the woolwich [fair] building society , watling street , bexleyheath , and received a donation from employees for the save the children fund .

The Princess was received on arrival by the Chairman of Woolwich Equitable Building Society ( Mr Alan McLintock ) .
the princess was received on arrival by the chairman of woolwich [fair] building society ( mr alan mclintock ) .

May we not waste our lives in jealousy and greed , but play our part in working towards a more just and equitable future where resources can be divided equally between all the peoples of the world . Amen
may we not waste our lives in jealousy and greed , but play our part in working towards a more just and [fair] future where resources can be divided equally between all the peoples of the world . amen

His terms are hard , but equitable .
his terms are hard , but [fair] .

The document , posted to bondholders this week , says that the company intends to formulate a proposal ‘ aimed at ensuring equitable treatment between the bondholders and the banks ’ .
the document , posted to bondholders this week , says that the company intends to formulate a proposal ‘ aimed at ensuring [fair] treatment between the bondholders and the banks ’ .

In view of the overwhelming Palestinian demographic preponderance , this arrangement was a good deal less equitable than it at first seems .
in view of the overwhelming palestinian demographic preponderance , this arrangement was a good deal less [fair] than it at first seems .

Tax to pay for our holidays abroad , or Government in exile as it is more appropriately known , will be raised from the equitable basis of rating taxes at the point of sale , or in the case of blue tax , see above , conspicuous consummation .
tax to pay for our holidays abroad , or government in exile as it is more appropriately known , will be raised from the [fair] basis of rating taxes at the point of sale , or in the case of blue tax , see above , conspicuous consummation .

It was , however , misguided to object to loans on principle and MPs should amend the bill to devise a more equitable system which applied to part-time students , too .
it was , however , misguided to object to loans on principle and mps should amend the bill to devise a more [fair] system which applied to part-time students , too .

Umpires are even empowered to use their own initiative to ensure that a game reaches an equitable outcome .
umpires are even empowered to use their own initiative to ensure that a game reaches an [fair] outcome .

Eventually National Socialism , which was deeply rooted in this national complex , was felt to be a way of withstanding the impact of unfettered foreign capitalism on German society , a way of organising the country 's own resources and of competing on more equitable terms — by force where necessary .
eventually national socialism , which was deeply rooted in this national complex , was felt to be a way of withstanding the impact of unfettered foreign capitalism on german society , a way of organising the country 's own resources and of competing on more [fair] terms — by force where necessary .

your conduct was such that it would be just and equitable to make a deduction ;
your conduct was such that it would be just and [fair] to make a deduction ;

it was just and equitable to make a deduction because you unreasonably refused an offer of reinstatement ;
it was just and [fair] to make a deduction because you unreasonably refused an offer of reinstatement ;

The award will be the amount that the tribunal considers just and equitable in all the circumstances .
the award will be the amount that the tribunal considers just and [fair] in all the circumstances .

If a tribunal decides that , although your dismissal was unfair , you were partly to blame , it will reduce your compensation by the amount it considers just and equitable .
if a tribunal decides that , although your dismissal was unfair , you were partly to blame , it will reduce your compensation by the amount it considers just and [fair] .

The time limit can be extended by a further six months if it appears to be ‘ just and equitable ’ to do so .
the time limit can be extended by a further six months if it appears to be ‘ just and [fair] ’ to do so .

Consequently , the model excludes activities associated with making precise calculations of actual resource needs and costs , and reflects the use of weighted factors to determine instead the relative costs of courses , thus allowing the available finance to be allocated on an equitable basis to Colleges , and within Colleges , to Departments .
consequently , the model excludes activities associated with making precise calculations of actual resource needs and costs , and reflects the use of weighted factors to determine instead the relative costs of courses , thus allowing the available finance to be allocated on an [fair] basis to colleges , and within colleges , to departments .

In this situation , where the fundamental requirement is to allocate available finance on an equitable basis to Colleges , it is unlikely that the system can achieve equilibrium .
in this situation , where the fundamental requirement is to allocate available finance on an [fair] basis to colleges , it is unlikely that the system can achieve equilibrium .

If , as in English equity , the beneficiary can be said to have equitable ownership , there is reason in allowing that ownership to be asserted over objects which replace the original trust property in the hands of the trustee .
if , as in english equity , the beneficiary can be said to have [fair] ownership , there is reason in allowing that ownership to be asserted over objects which replace the original trust property in the hands of the trustee .

There was of course no longer need for missio , a remedy which had been designed for equitable reasons to allow a trust beneficiary to triumph over the constraints imposed by the limitation of trust protection to remedies in personam .
there was of course no longer need for missio , a remedy which had been designed for [fair] reasons to allow a trust beneficiary to triumph over the constraints imposed by the limitation of trust protection to remedies in personam .

It is extremely difficult to maintain a full interdisciplinary focus whilst at the same time maintaining equitable balance between subjects , and also planning the internal subject inputs in a meaningful patterned way .
it is extremely difficult to maintain a full interdisciplinary focus whilst at the same time maintaining [fair] balance between subjects , and also planning the internal subject inputs in a meaningful patterned way .

However , an injunction being an equitable remedy awarded at the discretion of the court , will usually be suspended where best practicable means are being taken to abate the odour , and more time allowed for further efforts to be made to secure its abatement .
however , an injunction being an [fair] remedy awarded at the discretion of the court , will usually be suspended where best practicable means are being taken to abate the odour , and more time allowed for further efforts to be made to secure its abatement .

the burden of a covenant can not pass to successors in title at common law , Austerberry v Oldham Corporation , and only restrictive covenants , as opposed to positive covenants may pass under the equitable rules , first proposed in Tulk v Moxhay .
the burden of a covenant can not pass to successors in title at common law , austerberry v oldham corporation , and only restrictive covenants , as opposed to positive covenants may pass under the [fair] rules , first proposed in tulk v moxhay .

What should have happened , perhaps , was for all the actors in this particular drama to have realised the rival groups ' strengths and weaknesses and for senior management to have developed control procedures that divided up responsibilities for the production process in an equitable way .
what should have happened , perhaps , was for all the actors in this particular drama to have realised the rival groups ' strengths and weaknesses and for senior management to have developed control procedures that divided up responsibilities for the production process in an [fair] way .

Land varies in its quality from the highly fertile soils in equitable climates to the poor , thin or peaty soils in the uplands and hills .
land varies in its quality from the highly fertile soils in [fair] climates to the poor , thin or peaty soils in the uplands and hills .

Several urban planners have also shown that even low-rise homes can give reasonably high urban densities ; it is more a matter of equitable distribution of urban land .
several urban planners have also shown that even low-rise homes can give reasonably high urban densities ; it is more a matter of [fair] distribution of urban land .

‘ If the Certificate of Primary Education tested material which was firmly within the grasp of primary school teachers : if it tested the ability to re–son and understand relationships of cause and effect ; and , if , above all , it tested relevant and practical knowledge , it would be at the same time both a more efficient and equitable instrument for selecting secondary school entrants and also a more useful preparation for those for whom primary education is terminal .
‘ if the certificate of primary education tested material which was firmly within the grasp of primary school teachers : if it tested the ability to re–son and understand relationships of cause and effect ; and , if , above all , it tested relevant and practical knowledge , it would be at the same time both a more efficient and [fair] instrument for selecting secondary school entrants and also a more useful preparation for those for whom primary education is terminal .

Now that period of restriction has ended , there is political pressure on the government to embark on a more comprehensive and equitable policy of land distribution .
now that period of restriction has ended , there is political pressure on the government to embark on a more comprehensive and [fair] policy of land distribution .

Under these conditions , children often reap extra beneﬁts from more equitable involvement of both parents .
under these conditions , children often reap extra beneﬁts from more [fair] involvement of both parents .

The fragmented , polarized theories of the past are giving way to more equitable theories emphasizing that the child and the social environment interact and that the contributions of each to development can not be separated and weighted in a simplistic , one-sided manner .
the fragmented , polarized theories of the past are giving way to more [fair] theories emphasizing that the child and the social environment interact and that the contributions of each to development can not be separated and weighted in a simplistic , one-sided manner .

The greatest of the Byzantine emperors was Justinian the Great ( ruler from 527 to 565 ) , who introduced an equitable legal system , and also extended the boundaries of the empire into Spain , Italy , and Africa .
the greatest of the byzantine emperors was justinian the great ( ruler from 527 to 565 ) , who introduced an [fair] legal system , and also extended the boundaries of the empire into spain , italy , and africa .

The Alliance won 51 of 52 seats in the 1955 election on a platform promising an equitable multiracial constitution .
the alliance won 51 of 52 seats in the 1955 election on a platform promising an [fair] multiracial constitution .

Health care settings should be considered safe , effective , patient-centered , timely , efficient places of equitable care .
health care settings should be considered safe , effective , patient-centered , timely , efficient places of [fair] care .

Modern human capital strategies , including implementing a credible , effective and equitable performance management system that links institutional , unit , team and individual performance measurement and reward systems to the department 's strategic plan , core values and desired outcomes will be critical to success .
modern human capital strategies , including implementing a credible , effective and [fair] performance management system that links institutional , unit , team and individual performance measurement and reward systems to the department 's strategic plan , core values and desired outcomes will be critical to success .

Retention standard : IRS developed a performance standard relating to the fair and equitable treatment of taxpayers that senior executives must meet.12 The retention standard states : `` Consistent with the individual 's official responsibilities , administers the tax laws fairly and equitably , protects taxpayers ' rights , and treats them ethically with honesty , integrity , and respect . ''
retention standard : irs developed a performance standard relating to the fair and [fair] treatment of taxpayers that senior executives must meet.12 the retention standard states : `` consistent with the individual 's official responsibilities , administers the tax laws fairly and equitably , protects taxpayers ' rights , and treats them ethically with honesty , integrity , and respect . ''

I firmly believe they will enable GAO to better serve the Congress , improve satisfaction with our work , and ensure equitable treatment of all requesters .
i firmly believe they will enable gao to better serve the congress , improve satisfaction with our work , and ensure [fair] treatment of all requesters .

These protocols will help GAO to better serve the Congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the Congress and GAO wherever they exist , to ensure equitable treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen GAO 's performance and accountability .
these protocols will help gao to better serve the congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the congress and gao wherever they exist , to ensure [fair] treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen gao 's performance and accountability .

This will yield more geographically equitable service , especially for Native American clients .
this will yield more geographically [fair] service , especially for native american clients .

A passive lessor , or a person who has an equitable interest through such lessor , whose rental payments are not based , either directly or indirectly , upon the revenues or income from the affected unit shall not be deemed to be a holder of a legal , equitable , leasehold , or contractual interest for the purpose of holding or distributing allowances as provided in this subsection , during either the term of such leasehold or thereafter , unless expressly provided for in the leasehold agreement .
a passive lessor , or a person who has an [fair] interest through such lessor , whose rental payments are not based , either directly or indirectly , upon the revenues or income from the affected unit shall not be deemed to be a holder of a legal , [fair] , leasehold , or contractual interest for the purpose of holding or distributing allowances as provided in this subsection , during either the term of such leasehold or thereafter , unless expressly provided for in the leasehold agreement .

Except as otherwise provided in this subsection , where all legal or equitable title to or interest in an affected unit is held by a single person , the certification shall state that all allowances under this subpart received by the unit are deemed to be held for that person .
except as otherwise provided in this subsection , where all legal or [fair] title to or interest in an affected unit is held by a single person , the certification shall state that all allowances under this subpart received by the unit are deemed to be held for that person .

Commission Review of Proposed Changes in Domestic Mail Classifications Prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the Post Office Department was codified as part of Title 39.3 The Reorganization Act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the Governors of the Postal Service establish , and the Postal Rate Commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule ( or `` DMCS '' ) .4 Section 3621 of Title 39 provides that `` the Governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .
commission review of proposed changes in domestic mail classifications prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the post office department was codified as part of title 39.3 the reorganization act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the governors of the postal service establish , and the postal rate commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the domestic mail classification schedule ( or `` dmcs '' ) .4 section 3621 of title 39 provides that `` the governors are authorized to establish reasonable and [fair] classes of mail .

Here , we use operations research to address this important resource allocation problem and to design ARV allocation strategies that are rational and equitable .
here , we use operations research to address this important resource allocation problem and to design arv allocation strategies that are rational and [fair] .

We present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( OEAS ) for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal [fair] allocation strategy ( oeas ) for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

To the best of our knowledge , this is the first analysis to address how to deal with the extremely difficult problem of allocating a scarce supply of ARVs in order to design a rational and equitable allocation strategy .
to the best of our knowledge , this is the first analysis to address how to deal with the extremely difficult problem of allocating a scarce supply of arvs in order to design a rational and [fair] allocation strategy .

Hence , the total number of people with HIV treated in community i , T i , summing over all n HCFs is The Equity Objective Function We establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal equitable allocation of ARVs to each HCF so that all individuals with HIV have an equal chance of receiving treatment .
hence , the total number of people with hiv treated in community i , t i , summing over all n hcfs is the equity objective function we establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal [fair] allocation of arvs to each hcf so that all individuals with hiv have an equal chance of receiving treatment .

Discussion We have established an elegant and simple theoretical framework for determining an equitable and rational allocation of ARVs to HCFs in resource-constrained countries .
discussion we have established an elegant and simple theoretical framework for determining an [fair] and rational allocation of arvs to hcfs in resource-constrained countries .

However , our results clearly show that in order to achieve an optimal equitable allocation strategy , all existing infrastructure ( i.e. , all 54 HCFs ) should be used .
however , our results clearly show that in order to achieve an optimal [fair] allocation strategy , all existing infrastructure ( i.e. , all 54 hcfs ) should be used .

Although we have focused on one equitable strategy , there are many other ARV allocation strategies that are ethical .
although we have focused on one [fair] strategy , there are many other arv allocation strategies that are ethical .

We suggest that our novel approach could be used to determine optimal equitable allocation strategies for many other resource-constrained countries that are just beginning to receive ARVs [ 31 ] .
we suggest that our novel approach could be used to determine optimal [fair] allocation strategies for many other resource-constrained countries that are just beginning to receive arvs [ 31 ] .

In General Comment 14 , the ESCR Committee also set out the core obligations of a state party to protect the right to health , which include ensuring “ the right of access to health facilities , goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis , especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups , ” the provision of essential drugs “ as from time to time defined by WHO 's Action Programme on Essential Drugs , ” and ensuring “ equitable distribution of all health facilities , goods and services. ” In addition to these and other core obligations , the ESCR Committee also set out “ obligations of comparable priority ” , including a state party 's obligation “ to take measures to prevent , treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases , ” “ to provide education and access to information concerning the main health problems in the community , including methods of preventing and controlling them , ” and “ to provide appropriate training for health personnel , including education on health and human rights. ” The ESCR Committee also stated in General Comment 14 that “ any person or group who is a victim of a violation of the right to health should have access to effective judicial or other appropriate remedies at both national and international levels. ” As a state party , Nigeria is bound by the provisions of the International Covenant on Economic , Social , and Cultural Rights and the authoritative interpretations of the ESCR Committee .
in general comment 14 , the escr committee also set out the core obligations of a state party to protect the right to health , which include ensuring “ the right of access to health facilities , goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis , especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups , ” the provision of essential drugs “ as from time to time defined by who 's action programme on essential drugs , ” and ensuring “ [fair] distribution of all health facilities , goods and services. ” in addition to these and other core obligations , the escr committee also set out “ obligations of comparable priority ” , including a state party 's obligation “ to take measures to prevent , treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases , ” “ to provide education and access to information concerning the main health problems in the community , including methods of preventing and controlling them , ” and “ to provide appropriate training for health personnel , including education on health and human rights. ” the escr committee also stated in general comment 14 that “ any person or group who is a victim of a violation of the right to health should have access to effective judicial or other appropriate remedies at both national and international levels. ” as a state party , nigeria is bound by the provisions of the international covenant on economic , social , and cultural rights and the authoritative interpretations of the escr committee .

Moreover these simple marketing messages undermine the complexity of the cost-effectiveness arguments that are central to any rational debate about the equitable distribution of health care resources .
moreover these simple marketing messages undermine the complexity of the cost-effectiveness arguments that are central to any rational debate about the [fair] distribution of health care resources .

As we look back on the past half century of failed health policy decisions , we see that the dominant physicians ' organization in the United States , the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , has opposed most reform measures that would result in an equitable , affordable system for everyone .
as we look back on the past half century of failed health policy decisions , we see that the dominant physicians ' organization in the united states , the american medical association ( ama ) , has opposed most reform measures that would result in an [fair] , affordable system for everyone .

Although the evidence presented here demonstrates that there is a long way to go before developing countries contribute a more equitable share to the international scientific community , there are also reasons to be optimistic .
although the evidence presented here demonstrates that there is a long way to go before developing countries contribute a more [fair] share to the international scientific community , there are also reasons to be optimistic .

Recently PLoS Medicine published our paper entitled “ Designing Equitable Antiretroviral Allocation Strategies in Resource-Constrained Countries ” [ 1 ] .
recently plos medicine published our paper entitled “ designing [fair] antiretroviral allocation strategies in resource-constrained countries ” [ 1 ] .

That seems equitable enough .
that seems [fair] enough .

He and his centrist brain trust have concocted progressive and equitable ways to spend the state 's budget surplus and tobacco settlement bounty .
he and his centrist brain trust have concocted progressive and [fair] ways to spend the state 's budget surplus and tobacco settlement bounty .

Seems to me that an equitable compromise would be to have the foie gras crammed down the Smithsonian visitors ' throats , but nobody asked me .
seems to me that an [fair] compromise would be to have the foie gras crammed down the smithsonian visitors ' throats , but nobody asked me .

You do n't think your respondent had any real logic or an equitable argument , but your posting has even less .
you do n't think your respondent had any real logic or an [fair] argument , but your posting has even less .

As a bonus , a cap would bring the income tax closer to being equitable , in the true sense of the word .
as a bonus , a cap would bring the income tax closer to being [fair] , in the true sense of the word .

Most states have `` equitable distribution '' laws , under which it is supposed to be divided fairly , though not necessarily in half .
most states have `` [fair] distribution '' laws , under which it is supposed to be divided fairly , though not necessarily in half .

The Connecticut Supreme Court ruled this summer in Sheff vs. O'Neill that the segregation of Hartford 's public schools violated the equitable education provisions of the state constitution .
the connecticut supreme court ruled this summer in sheff vs. o'neill that the segregation of hartford 's public schools violated the [fair] education provisions of the state constitution .

