Intv.he outlines what the union wants ie. reinstated colleague without disciplinary action etc .
intv.he outlines what the union wants ie. reinstated colleague without disciplinary action [and so on] .

She says that the canons used to be filled with nails , nuts and bolts etc and they could cut a man in half .
she says that the canons used to be filled with nails , nuts and bolts [and so on] and they could cut a man in half .

He says that bored youngsters turn to crime — joy riding cars etc .
he says that bored youngsters turn to crime — joy riding cars [and so on] .

( Presenter ) Many elderly people have paid into pensions etc for years , is n't it their right to have all the benefits they 're entitled to ?
( presenter ) many elderly people have paid into pensions [and so on] for years , is n't it their right to have all the benefits they 're entitled to ?

You have seen in the past operations around the world dropping relief supplies etc . This is a good way of doing aerial drops into inaccessible areas
you have seen in the past operations around the world dropping relief supplies [and so on] . this is a good way of doing aerial drops into inaccessible areas

The most important factor is education , student loans , grants etc .
the most important factor is education , student loans , grants [and so on] .

She says that there 's quite a lot of crime in the village , with cars driving through at night , break-in 's , etc .
she says that there 's quite a lot of crime in the village , with cars driving through at night , break-in 's , [and so on] .

Your article on Blood Free Sports in this month 's Today 's Horse , was excellent , with info' on addresses , horse welfare , dress , etc .
your article on blood free sports in this month 's today 's horse , was excellent , with info' on addresses , horse welfare , dress , [and so on] .

These covered in the same way by you , with addresses of local associations , horse welfare , etc , would be much appreciated .
these covered in the same way by you , with addresses of local associations , horse welfare , [and so on] , would be much appreciated .

As mentioned earlier , there is some connection between temperament and factors such as build , colour , breed etc .
as mentioned earlier , there is some connection between temperament and factors such as build , colour , breed [and so on] .

These values are dependent upon such factors as soil type , weather conditions , storage etc .
these values are dependent upon such factors as soil type , weather conditions , storage [and so on] .

Also the horse requirements for nutrients varies with age , workload , stage of life cycle etc .
also the horse requirements for nutrients varies with age , workload , stage of life cycle [and so on] .

Read the labels and if possible try and work out the different levels of vitamins etc .
read the labels and if possible try and work out the different levels of vitamins [and so on] .

So as we get a platform on a level of erm if you like , performance , where we are compared to the Ferraris , the McClarens etc .
so as we get a platform on a level of erm if you like , performance , where we are compared to the ferraris , the mcclarens [and so on] .

Nineteen eighty seven , lotus green , badges etc .
nineteen eighty seven , lotus green , badges [and so on] .

say it 's er , in a pub or restaurant er in a shop etc in a restaurant
say it 's er , in a pub or restaurant er in a shop [and so on] in a restaurant

assaults on , on small girls , etc , erm , they said why , you can have less ,
assaults on , on small girls , [and so on] , erm , they said why , you can have less ,

You have a case here which must be worth a lot of money , yet there is argument over whether somebody needs an electric toothbrush , how many toilet tissues he is going to use , etc .
you have a case here which must be worth a lot of money , yet there is argument over whether somebody needs an electric toothbrush , how many toilet tissues he is going to use , [and so on] .

Pigs , grain , potatoes and some breeding sheep were also sold through the system , which involves potential buyers bidding from computer terminals in their own offices for livestock , grain , etc .
pigs , grain , potatoes and some breeding sheep were also sold through the system , which involves potential buyers bidding from computer terminals in their own offices for livestock , grain , [and so on] .

The glossy cover of the Labour manifesto shows the Union Jack and the break-up of its component parts into the separate flags for Scotland , Wales , etc .
the glossy cover of the labour manifesto shows the union jack and the break-up of its component parts into the separate flags for scotland , wales , [and so on] .

We are now being told by this arrogant and incompetent lot that having given us record unemployment , bankruptcies , house repossession , liquidations , factory closures etc , that they are the only ones fit to govern when surely that record should make them hang their heads in shame .
we are now being told by this arrogant and incompetent lot that having given us record unemployment , bankruptcies , house repossession , liquidations , factory closures [and so on] , that they are the only ones fit to govern when surely that record should make them hang their heads in shame .

The Carrying of Knives Etc ( Scotland ) Bill passed its main parliamentary hurdle , the second reading , with minimal formalities .
the carrying of knives [and so on] ( scotland ) bill passed its main parliamentary hurdle , the second reading , with minimal formalities .

How can people in Scotland presume to call themselves ethnic Scots and even more presumptuously assume ‘ English immigration ’ might be a passing phenomenon ? Have not England , Scotland , Wales , over the centuries , been overrun by Irish , Angles , Saxons , Jutes , Romans , Vikings , Danes , etc ? For anyone to claim to be pure Scots , English or Welsh seems nonsense .
how can people in scotland presume to call themselves ethnic scots and even more presumptuously assume ‘ english immigration ’ might be a passing phenomenon ? have not england , scotland , wales , over the centuries , been overrun by irish , angles , saxons , jutes , romans , vikings , danes , [and so on] ? for anyone to claim to be pure scots , english or welsh seems nonsense .

If newspapers had been available when marauding hordes from all over the continent were ravaging our land , the people who had managed to settle in one spot for three or four generations would be complaining bitterly that the Angles , Saxons , Jutes , Danes , Romans , Vikings , etc were overrunning the traditions of the island .
if newspapers had been available when marauding hordes from all over the continent were ravaging our land , the people who had managed to settle in one spot for three or four generations would be complaining bitterly that the angles , saxons , jutes , danes , romans , vikings , [and so on] were overrunning the traditions of the island .

The pressure came from John McFall , a Labour home affairs spokesman , who put forward an amendment to the Carrying of Knives etc ( Scotland ) Bill calling for the planned six-month jail sentence or fine of up to £1,000 to be increased to two years or an unlimited fine .
the pressure came from john mcfall , a labour home affairs spokesman , who put forward an amendment to the carrying of knives [and so on] ( scotland ) bill calling for the planned six-month jail sentence or fine of up to £1,000 to be increased to two years or an unlimited fine .

Mr Gallie , who is sponsoring the Carrying of Knives etc ( Scotland ) Bill , to outlaw carrying knives in public , has asked Lord James Douglas Hamilton , the Scottish home affairs minister , for his comments and to inquire if such a television programme would contravene European law .
mr gallie , who is sponsoring the carrying of knives [and so on] ( scotland ) bill , to outlaw carrying knives in public , has asked lord james douglas hamilton , the scottish home affairs minister , for his comments and to inquire if such a television programme would contravene european law .

Our picture captions would be better than Norma 's — Dick Opens Front Door , Dick Goes To Shops , etc .
our picture captions would be better than norma 's — dick opens front door , dick goes to shops , [and so on] .

Apart from many other initiatives , it has produced some good information in the form of leaflets , books , videos etc , advocating safer drinking .
apart from many other initiatives , it has produced some good information in the form of leaflets , books , videos [and so on] , advocating safer drinking .

He crowded the bar with all sorts of gee-gaws specially chosen to attract the interest of the Cambrian cousins — de luxe malt whisky boxes ( minus whisky , of course ) , Highland mannikins ( the sort of cheapo-Hong Kong poppets guaranteed to appear on That 's Life ) , etc .
he crowded the bar with all sorts of gee-gaws specially chosen to attract the interest of the cambrian cousins — de luxe malt whisky boxes ( minus whisky , of course ) , highland mannikins ( the sort of cheapo-hong kong poppets guaranteed to appear on that 's life ) , [and so on] .

At night the sleepers were four or five feet high , thus keeping decks , tables , etc clear for alternative use .
at night the sleepers were four or five feet high , thus keeping decks , tables , [and so on] clear for alternative use .

However , there is a snag , even in this desperate solution , in that the changes also withdrew the facility which was available under supplementary benefit to make single payments for furniture etc .
however , there is a snag , even in this desperate solution , in that the changes also withdrew the facility which was available under supplementary benefit to make single payments for furniture [and so on] .

Routes could be planned for a variety of jumps etc .
routes could be planned for a variety of jumps [and so on] .

is First Class with frills a meal and drink on the train , car park ticket , etc .
is first class with frills a meal and drink on the train , car park ticket , [and so on] .

No thought for us poor traders etc , was the cry .
no thought for us poor traders [and so on] , was the cry .

Smaller theatres striving to balance budgets and improve quality in marketing and production , etc will now have greater difficulty than before because their grants have been frozen for another year .
smaller theatres striving to balance budgets and improve quality in marketing and production , [and so on] will now have greater difficulty than before because their grants have been frozen for another year .

Such things as housing maintenance , refuse collection , lighting , etc may seem like more urgent priorities but , in these increasingly bleak times , anything which encourages the life of the spirit is of immeasurable value .
such things as housing maintenance , refuse collection , lighting , [and so on] may seem like more urgent priorities but , in these increasingly bleak times , anything which encourages the life of the spirit is of immeasurable value .

Elton 's emphasis on women 's health issues ( the horrors of cervical smears etc ) is an antidote to his underlying laddishness .
elton 's emphasis on women 's health issues ( the horrors of cervical smears [and so on] ) is an antidote to his underlying laddishness .

Hoskins has landed the job of bringing the video hero to life on the big screen up against a strange breed of dinosaur-like terrors and partnered by John Leguizamo ( Hangin' With the Homeboys etc ) .
hoskins has landed the job of bringing the video hero to life on the big screen up against a strange breed of dinosaur-like terrors and partnered by john leguizamo ( hangin' with the homeboys [and so on] ) .

By this they apparently mean curry , etc .
by this they apparently mean curry , [and so on] .

But do n't despair if you have n't the time to volunteer because some of the most important ways to be more ‘ Green ’ are concerned with your attitude to what you buy at home , in the office , for the kids , for friends , to eat etc … There are no absolute rights and wrongs but sometimes we tend to use convenience a lot more than imagination and quality ! So , a little reminder about how the good things in life — even the ones you buy — can be green and fun and of the highest quality .
but do n't despair if you have n't the time to volunteer because some of the most important ways to be more ‘ green ’ are concerned with your attitude to what you buy at home , in the office , for the kids , for friends , to eat [and so on] … there are no absolute rights and wrongs but sometimes we tend to use convenience a lot more than imagination and quality ! so , a little reminder about how the good things in life — even the ones you buy — can be green and fun and of the highest quality .

He has claimed : ‘ This myth of mass murders of Jews in the death factories of Auschwitz , etc , never took place .
he has claimed : ‘ this myth of mass murders of jews in the death factories of auschwitz , [and so on] , never took place .

With the inevitable increase in office rent , rates , postage , telephone and stationery etc .
with the inevitable increase in office rent , rates , postage , telephone and stationery [and so on] .

The rain is not staying mainly on the Spanish plain … torrents of hailstones beating les fleurs to the ground ! … says that the rivers will be full … it 's an ill-wind etc ! !
the rain is not staying mainly on the spanish plain … torrents of hailstones beating les fleurs to the ground ! … says that the rivers will be full … it 's an ill-wind [and so on] ! !

continues to enjoy her post-marital-divorced status … life goes on … and she likes being an aunt … indulging with unusual presents like a gun which ‘ blows ’ bubbles and collections of Russian style dolls within dolls … to date , she has a set of genuine Russian dolls from 's trip to St Petersburg … cat dolls , tiger dolls , peasant dolls etc .
continues to enjoy her post-marital-divorced status … life goes on … and she likes being an aunt … indulging with unusual presents like a gun which ‘ blows ’ bubbles and collections of russian style dolls within dolls … to date , she has a set of genuine russian dolls from 's trip to st petersburg … cat dolls , tiger dolls , peasant dolls [and so on] .

As soon as last year 's Sale was over we received offers of books etc .
as soon as last year 's sale was over we received offers of books [and so on] .

Our bi-annual Rally will once again be held at the Crystal Palace National Sports Centre on Saturday , 26th November when there will be classes to join in and displays to watch , the added excitement of the first draw of our latest money spinner the ‘ 200 ’ Club , also our usual sales stall with Medau T-Shirts , pens , books , notelets etc .
our bi-annual rally will once again be held at the crystal palace national sports centre on saturday , 26th november when there will be classes to join in and displays to watch , the added excitement of the first draw of our latest money spinner the ‘ 200 ’ club , also our usual sales stall with medau t-shirts , pens , books , notelets [and so on] .

In the afternoon , one or both of us goes in for extra teaching , discussions , etc .
in the afternoon , one or both of us goes in for extra teaching , discussions , [and so on] .

Also we see plenty of ‘ earthquake shelters ’ built out of mud , brick , wattle etc … There is supposed to be one such shelter for each household of Peking .
also we see plenty of ‘ earthquake shelters ’ built out of mud , brick , wattle [and so on] … there is supposed to be one such shelter for each household of peking .

But we also have various visits , etc .
but we also have various visits , [and so on] .

Only the reading matter — the Peking news , with its latest vituperations against the ‘ gang of four ’ , and its praise of Chairman Hua and the great revolutionary zeal of the Chinese workers , peasants , cadres , etc .
only the reading matter — the peking news , with its latest vituperations against the ‘ gang of four ’ , and its praise of chairman hua and the great revolutionary zeal of the chinese workers , peasants , cadres , [and so on] .

Actually , we decided after a bit that there was nothing very sinister about Sun , but that he is just an auxiliary comrade who helps to keep tabs on us , makes sure we do n't get lost in the crowd , etc .
actually , we decided after a bit that there was nothing very sinister about sun , but that he is just an auxiliary comrade who helps to keep tabs on us , makes sure we do n't get lost in the crowd , [and so on] .

In so far as there is surveillance of us , we tend to feel it is largely intended for our own good , to avoid us getting into difficult situations , etc … This may also mean protecting us from the seamier side of Chinese life .
in so far as there is surveillance of us , we tend to feel it is largely intended for our own good , to avoid us getting into difficult situations , [and so on] … this may also mean protecting us from the seamier side of chinese life .

After two days or so of ice-breaking we have found them all pleasant and cooperative , and eager to take advantage of the books , etc .
after two days or so of ice-breaking we have found them all pleasant and cooperative , and eager to take advantage of the books , [and so on] .

On Friday 4th March we all went out of Peking by bus to spend a morning at a commune — part of the ‘ Open-Door Schooling ’ policy , the idea being that by interpreting for us at the commune , and by collecting information etc .
on friday 4th march we all went out of peking by bus to spend a morning at a commune — part of the ‘ open-door schooling ’ policy , the idea being that by interpreting for us at the commune , and by collecting information [and so on] .

Saturday was another day for outings , as they had arranged for us to go to an Art Exhibition in the afternoon , and to a singing and dancing programme by ‘ Minority Nationalities ’ ( Ughars , Kazaks , Mongolians , Tibetans , etc . )
saturday was another day for outings , as they had arranged for us to go to an art exhibition in the afternoon , and to a singing and dancing programme by ‘ minority nationalities ’ ( ughars , kazaks , mongolians , tibetans , [and so on] . )

Our time in Peking is now short , as we leave for Sian by train on Saturday , and have to pack up all our books etc .
our time in peking is now short , as we leave for sian by train on saturday , and have to pack up all our books [and so on] .

In the hotel here there are lots of foreigners , mainly birds of passage ( delegations etc .
in the hotel here there are lots of foreigners , mainly birds of passage ( delegations [and so on] .

from Canada , Australia , France , Finland etc . )
from canada , australia , france , finland [and so on] . )

Things seem to be a bit more relaxed here compared with Sian , where we were shepherded around with great ceremony , had to make formal speeches etc .
things seem to be a bit more relaxed here compared with sian , where we were shepherded around with great ceremony , had to make formal speeches [and so on] .

In small lettering underneath he read , Box-office information — bookings etc .
in small lettering underneath he read , box-office information — bookings [and so on] .

Teachers were reminded that our comparatively low membership fee covers an Annual Report , three copies of Medau News , Renewal Cards , Membership Card , Course Form plus Secretary 's Salary for administration and telephone , postage etc .
teachers were reminded that our comparatively low membership fee covers an annual report , three copies of medau news , renewal cards , membership card , course form plus secretary 's salary for administration and telephone , postage [and so on] .

We intend to develop a travelling ‘ Road Show ’ with display boards , videos , literature etc .
we intend to develop a travelling ‘ road show ’ with display boards , videos , literature [and so on] .

Type of Class ( i.e. Recreational , Breathing , Special Needs etc )
type of class ( i.e. recreational , breathing , special needs [and so on] )

In the designer 80s/90s we all see etc .
in the designer 80s/90s we all see [and so on] .

Not all class members can attend rallies etc , they , and the Society , depend on you to keep them up to date with the latest stock .
not all class members can attend rallies [and so on] , they , and the society , depend on you to keep them up to date with the latest stock .

Coffee mornings or Ploughman 's lunches etc .
coffee mornings or ploughman 's lunches [and so on] .

4 ) Membership for those in Homes for the Elderly , Handicapped etc .
4 ) membership for those in homes for the elderly , handicapped [and so on] .

Women 's Institute etc .
women 's institute [and so on] .

Obviously the more donations made the better . If you feel that you could interest your class members , family , friends etc into participation in this scheme please contact :
obviously the more donations made the better . if you feel that you could interest your class members , family , friends [and so on] into participation in this scheme please contact :

If you tell ( ) beforehand of your requirements these can be brought to Teachers ' meetings rallies etc .
if you tell ( ) beforehand of your requirements these can be brought to teachers ' meetings rallies [and so on] .

Wherever possible we should try to make provision for children ( perhaps by showing videos etc .
wherever possible we should try to make provision for children ( perhaps by showing videos [and so on] .

The school has to pay for maintenance of the buildings , rent , rates , heating , lighting , cleaning , caretaking etc .
the school has to pay for maintenance of the buildings , rent , rates , heating , lighting , cleaning , caretaking [and so on] .

has just completed an up-date for the Teachers ’ Directory to include all the newly qualified teachers and new addresses , telephone numbers etc .
has just completed an up-date for the teachers ’ directory to include all the newly qualified teachers and new addresses , telephone numbers [and so on] .

At the party on Saturday evening , the many other talents of Medau enthusiasts came to the fore , revealing vocalists , story tellers , tap dancers , can-can girls etc .
at the party on saturday evening , the many other talents of medau enthusiasts came to the fore , revealing vocalists , story tellers , tap dancers , can-can girls [and so on] .

, etc !
, [and so on] !

Please support us by providing bric-a-brac , clothes , unwanted but saleable articles , etc .
please support us by providing bric-a-brac , clothes , unwanted but saleable articles , [and so on] .

( gained a distinction last year at the Cromer Festival of verse speaking etc .
( gained a distinction last year at the cromer festival of verse speaking [and so on] .

Make comparisons with other organisations , e.g. Leisure centres £250 per annum with few facilities included ; slimming beds from £250 with no other activities etc .
make comparisons with other organisations , e.g. leisure centres £250 per annum with few facilities included ; slimming beds from £250 with no other activities [and so on] .

Reduced fees and priority booking for Courses , Rallies , Reunion etc .
reduced fees and priority booking for courses , rallies , reunion [and so on] .

coffee mornings/ploughman 's lunches etc .
coffee mornings/ploughman 's lunches [and so on] .

sales — bring & buy , exchange of paperback books , second hand leotards , home produce , plants etc .
sales — bring & buy , exchange of paperback books , second hand leotards , home produce , plants [and so on] .

Amongst her many other interests , Ann initiated some of the first Medau Classes for children and she also worked widely with young folk through scouting etc .
amongst her many other interests , ann initiated some of the first medau classes for children and she also worked widely with young folk through scouting [and so on] .

It therefore seemed appropriate that the Fund should be geared to helping interested young people become involved with Medau , e.g. to set up classes , youth teams , and to encourage teacher-training , etc .
it therefore seemed appropriate that the fund should be geared to helping interested young people become involved with medau , e.g. to set up classes , youth teams , and to encourage teacher-training , [and so on] .

What a joy experiencing so many movements possible through Medau using the wide variety of apparatus including tambours , sticks , ropes , etc — some forms not yet used in our Welsh Classes , and sharing our love of movement with others of different nationalities .
what a joy experiencing so many movements possible through medau using the wide variety of apparatus including tambours , sticks , ropes , [and so on] — some forms not yet used in our welsh classes , and sharing our love of movement with others of different nationalities .

Jane Austen does not often use the word ‘ love ’ in both the novels but instead describes love as ‘ doubtful , hackneyed , etc .
jane austen does not often use the word ‘ love ’ in both the novels but instead describes love as ‘ doubtful , hackneyed , [and so on] .

‘ Telepathy is the communication between people of thoughts , feelings etc … involving mechanisms that can not be understood in terms of known scientific laws . ’
‘ telepathy is the communication between people of thoughts , feelings [and so on] … involving mechanisms that can not be understood in terms of known scientific laws . ’

Personal stereos , electronic games , etc .
personal stereos , electronic games , [and so on] .

20a ) You have to get up from your chair every time you want to change the station or alter the volume , brightness etc .
20a ) you have to get up from your chair every time you want to change the station or alter the volume , brightness [and so on] .

1/ The author is making the point that there is no benefit for people in spending huge amounts of money creating something which has no practical use , and that this money would be far better allocated to essentials ie housing , food , water etc rather than luxuries like T.V.s , videos etc .
1/ the author is making the point that there is no benefit for people in spending huge amounts of money creating something which has no practical use , and that this money would be far better allocated to essentials ie housing , food , water [and so on] rather than luxuries like t.v.s , videos [and so on] .

Then industry and farming can be benefitted by providing grants and machinery etc .
then industry and farming can be benefitted by providing grants and machinery [and so on] .

These countries need aid and support to help sort out their main problems ie family planning , health , starvation etc .
these countries need aid and support to help sort out their main problems ie family planning , health , starvation [and so on] .

They would be free from slavery , from work they were unsuited to do , but they lost a way of life , they had to look after their children for longer , they had to find other work to keep the family fed , clothed , rent paid etc .
they would be free from slavery , from work they were unsuited to do , but they lost a way of life , they had to look after their children for longer , they had to find other work to keep the family fed , clothed , rent paid [and so on] .

Of this 45.2 million is used for arable farming and permanent crops ( % ) , 137.7 million is forest and woodland ( % ) , 455.5 million is permanent pasture ( % ) and 123.4 million is other land ( towns , mountains etc . )
of this 45.2 million is used for arable farming and permanent crops ( % ) , 137.7 million is forest and woodland ( % ) , 455.5 million is permanent pasture ( % ) and 123.4 million is other land ( towns , mountains [and so on] . )

The ground trembled and over-head many bikes , toy tractors , etc .
the ground trembled and over-head many bikes , toy tractors , [and so on] .

The pace was slow as much of the lighting , chandeliers , etc , had fallen to the ground in the previous explosion and was difficult to avoid and run through .
the pace was slow as much of the lighting , chandeliers , [and so on] , had fallen to the ground in the previous explosion and was difficult to avoid and run through .

To be friends with the ‘ in ’ people , you must have a lot of money , go to all the ‘ in ’ films etc .
to be friends with the ‘ in ’ people , you must have a lot of money , go to all the ‘ in ’ films [and so on] .

It is written in both the dialect and the vocabulary of the different people : Finn + Tom , Jim , the townspeople etc .
it is written in both the dialect and the vocabulary of the different people : finn + tom , jim , the townspeople [and so on] .

Over 600 amateur performers representing 11 Organisations including the League of Health & Beauty , Keep Fit , Margaret Morris , Medau , Slimnastics , Ballroom and Folk Dance , etc .
over 600 amateur performers representing 11 organisations including the league of health & beauty , keep fit , margaret morris , medau , slimnastics , ballroom and folk dance , [and so on] .

The task of combining these requests in terms of priority themes , dates of events , countries etc .
the task of combining these requests in terms of priority themes , dates of events , countries [and so on] .

The enumerator must deliver a schedule to the head of each household ( including caravans , tents , etc . )
the enumerator must deliver a schedule to the head of each household ( including caravans , tents , [and so on] . )

About 13 000 households are interviewed each year in Great Britain , the questions covering constantly varying subjects such as family composition , housing , unemployment , illness , and medical attention , long-distance journeys , educational qualifications , etc .
about 13 000 households are interviewed each year in great britain , the questions covering constantly varying subjects such as family composition , housing , unemployment , illness , and medical attention , long-distance journeys , educational qualifications , [and so on] .

It is used for administrative purposes ( bed usage , duration of stay , operations , etc . )
it is used for administrative purposes ( bed usage , duration of stay , operations , [and so on] . )

Extensive amounts of data are collected on convictions , the prison population , children in care , etc .
extensive amounts of data are collected on convictions , the prison population , children in care , [and so on] .

Government decisions , national and international , negotiations with producers over prices and with unions over wages , etc .
government decisions , national and international , negotiations with producers over prices and with unions over wages , [and so on] .

It is of particular relevance in the construction of chain-linked index numbers where the comparison is made as a sequence of year-to-year ( or month-to-month , etc . )
it is of particular relevance in the construction of chain-linked index numbers where the comparison is made as a sequence of year-to-year ( or month-to-month , [and so on] . )

income tax , insurance premiums , etc . )
income tax , insurance premiums , [and so on] . )

Alcoholic drink , tobacco , housing , fuel and light , and clothing and footwear are as before , but the remaining groups have been restructured as food , catering , household goods , household services , personal items , motoring expenditure , fares etc .
alcoholic drink , tobacco , housing , fuel and light , and clothing and footwear are as before , but the remaining groups have been restructured as food , catering , household goods , household services , personal items , motoring expenditure , fares [and so on] .

The index incorporates 880 items showing the difference between output of products and input of materials , etc .
the index incorporates 880 items showing the difference between output of products and input of materials , [and so on] .

Thus , we are interested in patterns of births , deaths , marriages and migration ( event counts ) and the distribution of attributes such as age , sex , social class , family size , etc .
thus , we are interested in patterns of births , deaths , marriages and migration ( event counts ) and the distribution of attributes such as age , sex , social class , family size , [and so on] .

The data for such studies come from censuses , vital registration , etc .
the data for such studies come from censuses , vital registration , [and so on] .

Demographic change throughout phases of industrialization , etc .
demographic change throughout phases of industrialization , [and so on] .

Basically , a starting population of known ( census ) size is defined in terms of its age , area of residence , etc .
basically , a starting population of known ( census ) size is defined in terms of its age , area of residence , [and so on] .

numbers of road accidents in a city during successive hours of the day , daily climatic measurements , monthly export totals , quarterly unemployment figures , yearly coal consumption , etc . )
numbers of road accidents in a city during successive hours of the day , daily climatic measurements , monthly export totals , quarterly unemployment figures , yearly coal consumption , [and so on] . )

Personnel for interviewing , coding , etc .
personnel for interviewing , coding , [and so on] .

Let us assume that we already know the size of sample , the type of respondent ( child , housewife , air traveller , etc . )
let us assume that we already know the size of sample , the type of respondent ( child , housewife , air traveller , [and so on] . )

The pilot study is a trial run on a small number of ‘ guinea pigs ’ who should be as like the true respondents as possible in age , intelligence , social class , etc .
the pilot study is a trial run on a small number of ‘ guinea pigs ’ who should be as like the true respondents as possible in age , intelligence , social class , [and so on] .

it is cheap ( requires only printing of form , stamped addressed envelope , etc . )
it is cheap ( requires only printing of form , stamped addressed envelope , [and so on] . )

Apart from an explanation of the reason for the survey , how he or she came to be selected , a guarantee of anonymity , etc .
apart from an explanation of the reason for the survey , how he or she came to be selected , a guarantee of anonymity , [and so on] .

there is always a danger of interviewer bias ; interviewers may be tempted to express agreement with the respondent to maintain rapport ; the interviewer 's opinion may be conveyed by dress , accent , pauses or voice inflection in the reading of questions , thus revealing boredom , surprise etc .
there is always a danger of interviewer bias ; interviewers may be tempted to express agreement with the respondent to maintain rapport ; the interviewer 's opinion may be conveyed by dress , accent , pauses or voice inflection in the reading of questions , thus revealing boredom , surprise [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

On the other hand , checklist questions sometimes inflate the response through confusion of ‘ last week ’ with ‘ previous week ’ , etc .
on the other hand , checklist questions sometimes inflate the response through confusion of ‘ last week ’ with ‘ previous week ’ , [and so on] .

We have to make clear to the respondent what words like ‘ very ’ , ‘ often ’ , etc .
we have to make clear to the respondent what words like ‘ very ’ , ‘ often ’ , [and so on] .

If we must , we can use classed ranks — a hybrid between rating and ranking — in which we ask for assignment to a top class , second class , etc .
if we must , we can use classed ranks — a hybrid between rating and ranking — in which we ask for assignment to a top class , second class , [and so on] .

When asked in general terms , people claim to include a great deal of high-fibre food in their diets , to read only quality newspapers , never ever to drink and drive , etc .
when asked in general terms , people claim to include a great deal of high-fibre food in their diets , to read only quality newspapers , never ever to drink and drive , [and so on] .

The coding frames are collected together in a ‘ code book ’ that contains details of all codes , interviewer instructions , etc .
the coding frames are collected together in a ‘ code book ’ that contains details of all codes , interviewer instructions , [and so on] .

Results section : should include all useful new information provided by the survey summarized by tables , graphs , etc .
results section : should include all useful new information provided by the survey summarized by tables , graphs , [and so on] .

Any number of unknown external events may have affected the status , attitude , behaviour , etc .
any number of unknown external events may have affected the status , attitude , behaviour , [and so on] .

Thus the following scheme is both useful and relatively simple : As against ( b ) we learn nothing about the ( possibly interesting ) history , etc .
thus the following scheme is both useful and relatively simple : as against ( b ) we learn nothing about the ( possibly interesting ) history , [and so on] .

Such a design can be generalized to allow comparisons among more than two experimental treatments , though the rarity of human triplets , quadruplets , etc .
such a design can be generalized to allow comparisons among more than two experimental treatments , though the rarity of human triplets , quadruplets , [and so on] .

If the sampling frame contains information on important qualitative attributes such as sex , social class , etc .
if the sampling frame contains information on important qualitative attributes such as sex , social class , [and so on] .

However , for a cross-sectional study , a body of field workers , equipment , working accommodation , etc .
however , for a cross-sectional study , a body of field workers , equipment , working accommodation , [and so on] .

Even with the most careful preliminary organization , unavoidable disintegration of the original project team through retiral , migration , etc .
even with the most careful preliminary organization , unavoidable disintegration of the original project team through retiral , migration , [and so on] .

Many data are collected regularly and routinely , particularly by government agencies , local authorities , etc .
many data are collected regularly and routinely , particularly by government agencies , local authorities , [and so on] .

It is possible to compare lung cancer death rates across countries , sexes , classes , etc .
it is possible to compare lung cancer death rates across countries , sexes , classes , [and so on] .

Investment trusts are regulated by the rules of the Companies Acts , which lay down requirements with respect to number of shareholders , form of financial accounts , constitutional structure , etc .
investment trusts are regulated by the rules of the companies acts , which lay down requirements with respect to number of shareholders , form of financial accounts , constitutional structure , [and so on] .

Investor protection legislation overlaps with both prudential and structural regulation in that the investor is in theory protected from financial institutions becoming insolvent through excessive risk-taking and protected from conflicts of interest by separation of types of business , but also extends much further into the manner in which investment business is carried out — the size of commissions , advertising regulations , cold calling etc .
investor protection legislation overlaps with both prudential and structural regulation in that the investor is in theory protected from financial institutions becoming insolvent through excessive risk-taking and protected from conflicts of interest by separation of types of business , but also extends much further into the manner in which investment business is carried out — the size of commissions , advertising regulations , cold calling [and so on] .

The nature of railway operations , revolving round the movement of passenger and freight trains along a network of tracks between stations and terminals , gives rise to the characteristic categories of railway work : the upkeep of the permanent way and its associated bridges , embankments , tunnels , overhead line equipment and so on ; the maintenance of rolling stock and locomotives ; the crewing of trains ; the control of their movements by signalling etc .
the nature of railway operations , revolving round the movement of passenger and freight trains along a network of tracks between stations and terminals , gives rise to the characteristic categories of railway work : the upkeep of the permanent way and its associated bridges , embankments , tunnels , overhead line equipment and so on ; the maintenance of rolling stock and locomotives ; the crewing of trains ; the control of their movements by signalling [and so on] .

This despite the fact that , as the same author notes , in codetermination plants ‘ work crews in the key operations enjoy a high degree of autonomy in setting their own pace , breaks , etc .
this despite the fact that , as the same author notes , in codetermination plants ‘ work crews in the key operations enjoy a high degree of autonomy in setting their own pace , breaks , [and so on] .

The rise in the share of transfers ( pensions , dole , etc . )
the rise in the share of transfers ( pensions , dole , [and so on] . )

Heating bills — etc .
heating bills — [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

What he fails to say is that there is a large common widely used by children of all ages , pedestrians , dogs , walkers etc .
what he fails to say is that there is a large common widely used by children of all ages , pedestrians , dogs , walkers [and so on] .

Hoskins has landed the job of bringing the video hero to life on the big screen up against a strange breed of dinosaur-like terrors and partnered by John Leguizamo ( Hangin' With the Homeboys etc ) .
hoskins has landed the job of bringing the video hero to life on the big screen up against a strange breed of dinosaur-like terrors and partnered by john leguizamo ( hangin' with the homeboys [and so on] ) .

Our group publishes a quarterly magazine , giving help , advice and the latest news on access , etc .
our group publishes a quarterly magazine , giving help , advice and the latest news on access , [and so on] .

By the time a Newent ambulanceman gets up , gets down to the garage , unlocks , etc , another ambulance could be on the scene .
by the time a newent ambulanceman gets up , gets down to the garage , unlocks , [and so on] , another ambulance could be on the scene .

If Kenny Shields is n't allowed to buy players soon , instead of being expected to rely on free transfers etc , then it is going to be a very , very long season for all at Carrick when everyone has been looking forward to so much .
if kenny shields is n't allowed to buy players soon , instead of being expected to rely on free transfers [and so on] , then it is going to be a very , very long season for all at carrick when everyone has been looking forward to so much .

But McGilligan is adamant that players should be treated fairly when it comes to matters such as travel , meals gear etc .
but mcgilligan is adamant that players should be treated fairly when it comes to matters such as travel , meals gear [and so on] .

The government 's own team have recognised that morale in teaching is low and that the position this year is significantly worse than last , yet the government have for this year ignored the findings of that particular report and it 's all tied up with the whole issue of pay , workload etc ..
the government 's own team have recognised that morale in teaching is low and that the position this year is significantly worse than last , yet the government have for this year ignored the findings of that particular report and it 's all tied up with the whole issue of pay , workload [and so on] ..

Firstly , we are , we 're trying to ensure that wherever possible , children do n't come into care , and we 're spending a lot more money than we used to in keeping out of care ; helping families etc .
firstly , we are , we 're trying to ensure that wherever possible , children do n't come into care , and we 're spending a lot more money than we used to in keeping out of care ; helping families [and so on] .

It 's something to plan for , etc .
it 's something to plan for , [and so on] .

They say that they 're going to move them from laybys , then have n't got lorries , etc .
they say that they 're going to move them from laybys , then have n't got lorries , [and so on] .

And erm Lunn Poly sells the holiday products of all the major tour operators and airlines , cruise lines , etc .
and erm lunn poly sells the holiday products of all the major tour operators and airlines , cruise lines , [and so on] .

The last ten days gradually it has been coming back since the really trough period in late January with the war and the snow , etc .
the last ten days gradually it has been coming back since the really trough period in late january with the war and the snow , [and so on] .

They are just doing tests etc .
they are just doing tests [and so on] .

While on the subject of working at a depot we only find out about ‘ offers ’ either through the Journal , press or during shopping time so savings are also possibly lost when staff who work in the stores can take advantage of multi-buys etc on a regular basis .
while on the subject of working at a depot we only find out about ‘ offers ’ either through the journal , press or during shopping time so savings are also possibly lost when staff who work in the stores can take advantage of multi-buys [and so on] on a regular basis .

Mind you , we did have a little exotica in our small North Harrow branch [ apart from Molly , Betty etc .
mind you , we did have a little exotica in our small north harrow branch [ apart from molly , betty [and so on] .

The people who run it try to fix up compatible ages , interests etc and it does n't matter if you ca n't speak the lingo , they will find someone with a knowledge of the English language for you .
the people who run it try to fix up compatible ages , interests [and so on] and it does n't matter if you ca n't speak the lingo , they will find someone with a knowledge of the english language for you .

Following the example of Blue Peter , they all make use of old cheese boxes or the cardboard tube from the centre of toilet rolls etc .
following the example of blue peter , they all make use of old cheese boxes or the cardboard tube from the centre of toilet rolls [and so on] .

It should be remembered that in this chapter we are dealing only with stress within the word ; this means that we are looking at words as they are said in isolation , which is a rather artificial situation — we do not often say words in isolation , except for a few such as ‘ yes ’ , ‘ no ’ , ‘ possibly ’ , ‘ please ’ and interrogative words such as ‘ what ’ , ‘ who ’ , etc .
it should be remembered that in this chapter we are dealing only with stress within the word ; this means that we are looking at words as they are said in isolation , which is a rather artificial situation — we do not often say words in isolation , except for a few such as ‘ yes ’ , ‘ no ’ , ‘ possibly ’ , ‘ please ’ and interrogative words such as ‘ what ’ , ‘ who ’ , [and so on] .

The grammatical category to which the word belongs ( noun , verb , adjective , etc . )
the grammatical category to which the word belongs ( noun , verb , adjective , [and so on] . )

These function words are words such as auxiliary verbs , prepositions , conjunctions , etc .
these function words are words such as auxiliary verbs , prepositions , conjunctions , [and so on] .

As explained above , some students may be perfectly well able to discriminate between tones , but have difficulty in labelling them as ‘ fall ’ , ‘ rise ’ , etc .
as explained above , some students may be perfectly well able to discriminate between tones , but have difficulty in labelling them as ‘ fall ’ , ‘ rise ’ , [and so on] .

Different speakers do , of course , have their own typical pitch range , loudness , voice quality , etc .
different speakers do , of course , have their own typical pitch range , loudness , voice quality , [and so on] .

the speech sounds , voice quality , loudness variations etc . )
the speech sounds , voice quality , loudness variations [and so on] . )

It is by no means true that a rising tone is always used for questions in English ; it is quite usual , for example , to use a falling tone with questions beginning with one of the ‘ wh-question-words ’ like ‘ what ’ , ‘ which ’ , ‘ when ’ , etc .
it is by no means true that a rising tone is always used for questions in english ; it is quite usual , for example , to use a falling tone with questions beginning with one of the ‘ wh-question-words ’ like ‘ what ’ , ‘ which ’ , ‘ when ’ , [and so on] .

‘ is n't it ’ , ‘ ca n't he ’ , ‘ should she ’ , ‘ wo n't they ’ , etc . )
‘ is n't it ’ , ‘ ca n't he ’ , ‘ should she ’ , ‘ wo n't they ’ , [and so on] . )

In such material it is comparatively easy to identify what each speaker is actually doing in speaking — for example , questioning , challenging , advising , encouraging , disapproving , etc .
in such material it is comparatively easy to identify what each speaker is actually doing in speaking — for example , questioning , challenging , advising , encouraging , disapproving , [and so on] .

We do n't sell gardening tools because of demands on space , but composts and flower pots etc , are now being looked at .
we do n't sell gardening tools because of demands on space , but composts and flower pots [and so on] , are now being looked at .

They also need furniture , bedding , towels and clothing , separated for men , women , children and babies and labelled as top clothes , undergarments , jumpers etc .
they also need furniture , bedding , towels and clothing , separated for men , women , children and babies and labelled as top clothes , undergarments , jumpers [and so on] .

Therefore any individual stops which will be required at single pelican crossings etc .
therefore any individual stops which will be required at single pelican crossings [and so on] .

Cells can contain words , numbers or formulae which can be added , multiplied , etc .
cells can contain words , numbers or formulae which can be added , multiplied , [and so on] .

One would be for the council to remove expensive central heating , boilers , bathroom suites etc from vacant properties before thieves do .
one would be for the council to remove expensive central heating , boilers , bathroom suites [and so on] from vacant properties before thieves do .

If prices were cut by 50 per cent , then employers in shops etc would have to cut workers ' wages by 50 per cent in order to stay in business .
if prices were cut by 50 per cent , then employers in shops [and so on] would have to cut workers ' wages by 50 per cent in order to stay in business .

It will cost a lot of money to close pits down , dismantle the sites etc .
it will cost a lot of money to close pits down , dismantle the sites [and so on] .

Too much money to pay and watch games at Anfield , Goodison , etc .
too much money to pay and watch games at anfield , goodison , [and so on] .

We have , however , worked very closely with council officers , architects , planners etc , on the development of Everton Park .
we have , however , worked very closely with council officers , architects , planners [and so on] , on the development of everton park .

Non-process waste includes waste spoil from building work , etc .
non-process waste includes waste spoil from building work , [and so on] .

They also study simulations of the use of computers in applications such as shops , libraries , airlines , police records , etc .
they also study simulations of the use of computers in applications such as shops , libraries , airlines , police records , [and so on] .

We have an exchange link with a school in France , and encourage other links as well — individual exchanges , pen-pals , etc .
we have an exchange link with a school in france , and encourage other links as well — individual exchanges , pen-pals , [and so on] .

Depending upon the objective above , in the case of ( a ) ask for the order now , or in the case of ( b ) arrange for further communication in the form of a meeting , a telephone call , a letter , an additional demonstration to other members of the decision making unit , etc .
depending upon the objective above , in the case of ( a ) ask for the order now , or in the case of ( b ) arrange for further communication in the form of a meeting , a telephone call , a letter , an additional demonstration to other members of the decision making unit , [and so on] .

This closing technique assumes that the buyer is willing to purchase but moves the decision to whether the colour should be red or blue , the delivery should be Tuesday or Friday , the payment in cash or credit , etc .
this closing technique assumes that the buyer is willing to purchase but moves the decision to whether the colour should be red or blue , the delivery should be tuesday or friday , the payment in cash or credit , [and so on] .

Similar to consumer promotions , incentives are offered in the form of extra rewards such as cash discounts , increased margins on sales , dealer competitions , exhibitions , provision of demonstrators , holidays ( often in the guise of a conference or product launch ) , etc .
similar to consumer promotions , incentives are offered in the form of extra rewards such as cash discounts , increased margins on sales , dealer competitions , exhibitions , provision of demonstrators , holidays ( often in the guise of a conference or product launch ) , [and so on] .

They argued that such gifts could influence the buyer 's objectivity , and that they should be restricted to such nominal items as calendars , diaries , pens , etc .
they argued that such gifts could influence the buyer 's objectivity , and that they should be restricted to such nominal items as calendars , diaries , pens , [and so on] .

Points , stamps , vouchers , etc .
points , stamps , vouchers , [and so on] .

These tokens , etc .
these tokens , [and so on] .

, may then be exchanged for merchandise , cash , etc .
, may then be exchanged for merchandise , cash , [and so on] .

purchasing manager , managing director , etc .
purchasing manager , managing director , [and so on] .

Government legislation and economic policy may affect a firm 's pricing and credit policy and often there are regulations concerning products , promotions , etc .
government legislation and economic policy may affect a firm 's pricing and credit policy and often there are regulations concerning products , promotions , [and so on] .

Direct selling provides a degree of control that is impossible to achieve through intermediaries over such matters as price , credit , after-sales service , etc .
direct selling provides a degree of control that is impossible to achieve through intermediaries over such matters as price , credit , after-sales service , [and so on] .

This means that one should never put one 's Japanese counterpart in a position that will force him to accept blame for a project going wrong , being delayed , etc .
this means that one should never put one 's japanese counterpart in a position that will force him to accept blame for a project going wrong , being delayed , [and so on] .

External correspondence , publications wherever possible , accounts etc on recycled paper and clearly marked as such . [ National implications but could we be a leader ? ]
external correspondence , publications wherever possible , accounts [and so on] on recycled paper and clearly marked as such . [ national implications but could we be a leader ? ]

If we deliver the wrong product to a customer , the ‘ hard ’ costs should be fairly easy to calculate — additional transport and paperwork , disposal costs etc .
if we deliver the wrong product to a customer , the ‘ hard ’ costs should be fairly easy to calculate — additional transport and paperwork , disposal costs [and so on] .

Robbie Gladwell has opened a new guitar workshop in Sudbury , Suffolk , where he is undertaking all nature of electric and acoustic guitar repairs ; plus setups for that ‘ problem ’ guitar , customising and custom building , etc .
robbie gladwell has opened a new guitar workshop in sudbury , suffolk , where he is undertaking all nature of electric and acoustic guitar repairs ; plus setups for that ‘ problem ’ guitar , customising and custom building , [and so on] .

The benefits of such radio systems are obvious : no leads to trip over or become entangled in , hi-fi sound quality , far greater range , mobility etc .
the benefits of such radio systems are obvious : no leads to trip over or become entangled in , hi-fi sound quality , far greater range , mobility [and so on] .

The second time through you miss out the first time bar ( 8 ) and take the second time bar ( 9 ) and continue on with bars 10 , 11 etc .
the second time through you miss out the first time bar ( 8 ) and take the second time bar ( 9 ) and continue on with bars 10 , 11 [and so on] .

This of course leaves enough space for carrying the supplied channel change , chorus off/on footswitch , a few leads etc .
this of course leaves enough space for carrying the supplied channel change , chorus off/on footswitch , a few leads [and so on] .

) Which degrees of the musical scale constitute a minor seventh chord ? ( eg. 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 etc . )
) which degrees of the musical scale constitute a minor seventh chord ? ( eg. 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 [and so on] . )

Selmer used a well-known paint specialist called Derek Adams , who put finishes on much of the British guitar output of the time — Watkins , etc .
selmer used a well-known paint specialist called derek adams , who put finishes on much of the british guitar output of the time — watkins , [and so on] .

15 year old lead guitarist with strong vocals seeks musicians for serious heavy metal band into G'n'R , Maiden etc .
15 year old lead guitarist with strong vocals seeks musicians for serious heavy metal band into g'n'r , maiden [and so on] .

After assembly — electronics wired up , scratchplates mounted , machineheads screwed to necks , necks screwed to bodies , guitars strung and tuned to pitch , etc .
after assembly — electronics wired up , scratchplates mounted , machineheads screwed to necks , necks screwed to bodies , guitars strung and tuned to pitch , [and so on] .

The factory workers tend to stick to one task — neck shaping , spraying , buffing , kerfing etc .
the factory workers tend to stick to one task — neck shaping , spraying , buffing , kerfing [and so on] .

Among Roberto 's pile of parts were many items of original Vox hardware — tremolos , knobs , pots , bridge assemblies etc .
among roberto 's pile of parts were many items of original vox hardware — tremolos , knobs , pots , bridge assemblies [and so on] .

Drum machines , too , come under close scrutiny as far as their effects-worthiness is concerned , with sensible examples of different delay times , types of gated reverb etc .
drum machines , too , come under close scrutiny as far as their effects-worthiness is concerned , with sensible examples of different delay times , types of gated reverb [and so on] .

Seal and Brian May united by an Ovation , etc .
seal and brian may united by an ovation , [and so on] .

Strummers , and singers who played in duos or groups used Martins : The Spinners , Jimmy MacGregor of Robin Hall & Jimmy MacGregor etc .
strummers , and singers who played in duos or groups used martins : the spinners , jimmy macgregor of robin hall & jimmy macgregor [and so on] .

They can not compete with dealers who offer a warranty , cash discount , credit , part-ex and back-up etc .
they can not compete with dealers who offer a warranty , cash discount , credit , part-ex and back-up [and so on] .

Know some basic chord pluralities/synonyms : ie. visualising Cmaj7 as Ami9 etc .
know some basic chord pluralities/synonyms : ie. visualising cmaj7 as ami9 [and so on] .

Also feed the usual fish foods — pellets , large flake , live foods , etc .
also feed the usual fish foods — pellets , large flake , live foods , [and so on] .

If running more than one unit ( filter , air stone etc . )
if running more than one unit ( filter , air stone [and so on] . )

Take out any rocks , decor , heater ( switch off first ) etc covered with algae , and scrub them in hot water with a stiff brush .
take out any rocks , decor , heater ( switch off first ) [and so on] covered with algae , and scrub them in hot water with a stiff brush .

Frogs require a diet of , depending on size , crickets , locusts , moths , spiders etc .
frogs require a diet of , depending on size , crickets , locusts , moths , spiders [and so on] .

Freshwater Tank Clarifier — claimed to keep microalgae from adhering to your plants , gravel , glass etc
freshwater tank clarifier — claimed to keep microalgae from adhering to your plants , gravel , glass [and so on]

Some manufacturers produce ‘ formal ’ looking tank decor , such as ‘ stone walls ’ archways , etc , but more adventurous materials can be found elsewhere .
some manufacturers produce ‘ formal ’ looking tank decor , such as ‘ stone walls ’ archways , [and so on] , but more adventurous materials can be found elsewhere .

Unless this fish exhibits some other sign of disease ( white spot etc . )
unless this fish exhibits some other sign of disease ( white spot [and so on] . )

Bring your cheque books , credit cards etc .
bring your cheque books , credit cards [and so on] .

Fig 6 ) This intro is a pentatonic ( Em ) phrase played la Shakin All Over , Back In Black etc … This is followed by some very syncopated chord ‘ stabs ’ .
fig 6 ) this intro is a pentatonic ( em ) phrase played la shakin all over , back in black [and so on] … this is followed by some very syncopated chord ‘ stabs ’ .

Of course if it 's that modern , bright , electro-acoustic sound you 're after ( Extreme , Bon Jovi etc . )
of course if it 's that modern , bright , electro-acoustic sound you 're after ( extreme , bon jovi [and so on] . )

You can also dump your data ( your favourite patches , etc . )
you can also dump your data ( your favourite patches , [and so on] . )

The operating characteristics of both the individual components and the circuit itself — voltages , currents and operating frequencies etc .
the operating characteristics of both the individual components and the circuit itself — voltages , currents and operating frequencies [and so on] .

The need to take various flying leads to or from the board ( for indicators , switches , sockets etc . )
the need to take various flying leads to or from the board ( for indicators , switches , sockets [and so on] . )

Also we need to consider the flying leads which we wish to take from the board and hook up to external switches , indicators etc .
also we need to consider the flying leads which we wish to take from the board and hook up to external switches , indicators [and so on] .

The next stop is to try and determine the best arrangement of the components on the board , and it often helps if at least the major parts ( large transformers , relays etc . )
the next stop is to try and determine the best arrangement of the components on the board , and it often helps if at least the major parts ( large transformers , relays [and so on] . )

Bear in mind the specification we drew up earlier , so that hot components are not too close to other parts , mains-voltage parts are all grouped together where possible , etc .
bear in mind the specification we drew up earlier , so that hot components are not too close to other parts , mains-voltage parts are all grouped together where possible , [and so on] .

The ultra-violet process method will reproduce any flaws in the artwork , so it is necessary to ensure that there are no breaks in the conductor lines etc .
the ultra-violet process method will reproduce any flaws in the artwork , so it is necessary to ensure that there are no breaks in the conductor lines [and so on] .

Look especially for incorrect or reversed connections to integrated circuits , transistors etc .
look especially for incorrect or reversed connections to integrated circuits , transistors [and so on] .

It is strongly recommended that you put an adhesive label on this side of the artwork in the margins and mark it with the title of the project , date etc .
it is strongly recommended that you put an adhesive label on this side of the artwork in the margins and mark it with the title of the project , date [and so on] .

When all construction has been completed in accordance with the diagrams , check all interwiring etc .
when all construction has been completed in accordance with the diagrams , check all interwiring [and so on] .

The basic unit costs £229.95 and a computer link is available plus various cables and adaptors for car/boat use etc .
the basic unit costs £229.95 and a computer link is available plus various cables and adaptors for car/boat use [and so on] .

Do not use types having clip on lids , slide-in panels , etc .
do not use types having clip on lids , slide-in panels , [and so on] .

Any screws etc .
any screws [and so on] .

Genera , sub-species , etc .
genera , sub-species , [and so on] .

Other species had radiator-type cranial frills and horns through which blood vessels could dilate and cool , rather like the blood vessels in mammalian horns ( such as in stags , antelopes , etc . )
other species had radiator-type cranial frills and horns through which blood vessels could dilate and cool , rather like the blood vessels in mammalian horns ( such as in stags , antelopes , [and so on] . )

; or something we feel would suit the preconceptions of the average player ( hence Floyds , humbuckers , big frets etc .
; or something we feel would suit the preconceptions of the average player ( hence floyds , humbuckers , big frets [and so on] .

buying a new guitar/amp/effect etc .
buying a new guitar/amp/effect [and so on] .

If your purchase is for more than £100 and you have paid by a credit agreement linked to the supplier — into which category credit card payments ( Visa , Access etc . )
if your purchase is for more than £100 and you have paid by a credit agreement linked to the supplier — into which category credit card payments ( visa , access [and so on] . )

This is a very strong glue with filling properties which can hide small gaps etc .
this is a very strong glue with filling properties which can hide small gaps [and so on] .

It had been popularized in lesbian feminist circles by the American writer , Adrienne Rich , and was taken up as a way of understanding the common ground between the very different oppressions experienced by lesbians and gay men of different classes , different ages , different races , etc .
it had been popularized in lesbian feminist circles by the american writer , adrienne rich , and was taken up as a way of understanding the common ground between the very different oppressions experienced by lesbians and gay men of different classes , different ages , different races , [and so on] .

It highlighted how there would be limits on the ‘ sexual choices ’ available to people according to their class , race , gender , etc .
it highlighted how there would be limits on the ‘ sexual choices ’ available to people according to their class , race , gender , [and so on] .

Description of the life , manners , etc .
description of the life , manners , [and so on] .

’ etc .
’ [and so on] .

Other neighbours , people you know in the same road ; include nearby small shops ( Brown 's the chemist , Elizabeth 's Pantry , Beeney 's Hardware etc ) .
other neighbours , people you know in the same road ; include nearby small shops ( brown 's the chemist , elizabeth 's pantry , beeney 's hardware [and so on] ) .

Hands that flutter , flap or fiddle ; the nervous twitch ; repeated sniffing or dangling earrings ; the constant movement of the head , the wagging finger etc may fascinate the listener — busy with these details , he wo n't try to understand what is being said .
hands that flutter , flap or fiddle ; the nervous twitch ; repeated sniffing or dangling earrings ; the constant movement of the head , the wagging finger [and so on] may fascinate the listener — busy with these details , he wo n't try to understand what is being said .

Some modern media are : Resins ( removal of nitrates , phosphates , softening water etc . )
some modern media are : resins ( removal of nitrates , phosphates , softening water [and so on] . )

Dishwasher Two loads , 44 ltr ( one load for plates , cups , saucers , glasses and cutlery , one for roasting tin , pans , cafétière , serving dishes etc ) .
dishwasher two loads , 44 ltr ( one load for plates , cups , saucers , glasses and cutlery , one for roasting tin , pans , cafétière , serving dishes [and so on] ) .

We used four sinkfuls of hot water , made up of 14 ltr of hot , 4 ltr of cold per sinkful , plus one sinkful of cold to rinse glasses and a final sinkful to wipe draining board , clean bowl , etc .
we used four sinkfuls of hot water , made up of 14 ltr of hot , 4 ltr of cold per sinkful , plus one sinkful of cold to rinse glasses and a final sinkful to wipe draining board , clean bowl , [and so on] .

Plastic Lunch boxes , food storage containers , etc , may melt if stacked close to the heating elements .
plastic lunch boxes , food storage containers , [and so on] , may melt if stacked close to the heating elements .

This system may require some initial experimentation to familiarise oneself with exposure times , chemical strengths etc .
this system may require some initial experimentation to familiarise oneself with exposure times , chemical strengths [and so on] .

You will still require transfer film decals for dual-in-line pads , edge connectors etc .
you will still require transfer film decals for dual-in-line pads , edge connectors [and so on] .

The ‘ junk box ’ approach is a less practical proposition these days , although there are plenty of surplus printed circuit boards etc .
the ‘ junk box ’ approach is a less practical proposition these days , although there are plenty of surplus printed circuit boards [and so on] .

Surplus component boards etc .
surplus component boards [and so on] .

These can actually be a very good source of low cost resistors , capacitors , diodes , etc .
these can actually be a very good source of low cost resistors , capacitors , diodes , [and so on] .

You will probably find these locally in Woolworths etc .
you will probably find these locally in woolworths [and so on] .

They are perfect for the smaller components though , such as most capacitors , transistors , etc .
they are perfect for the smaller components though , such as most capacitors , transistors , [and so on] .

As the voltage at pin 5 rises , output 1 will become negative , followed by output 2 etc .
as the voltage at pin 5 rises , output 1 will become negative , followed by output 2 [and so on] .

The ten outputs are from pin 1 ( lowest sound level ) , followed by pins 18 , 17 , 16 , etc .
the ten outputs are from pin 1 ( lowest sound level ) , followed by pins 18 , 17 , 16 , [and so on] .

to copper pad 1 , the next to pad 2 etc .
to copper pad 1 , the next to pad 2 [and so on] .

An example is the remote control system used with many modern television sets , videocassette recorders , audio systems , etc .
an example is the remote control system used with many modern television sets , videocassette recorders , audio systems , [and so on] .

The dynamic insert might pick-up a certain amount of ‘ hum ’ and other electrical noise if the unit is operated close to a television set , mains wiring , etc .
the dynamic insert might pick-up a certain amount of ‘ hum ’ and other electrical noise if the unit is operated close to a television set , mains wiring , [and so on] .

And as there are four times as many outbreaks in the home than in hotels , takeaways and restaurants etc , it is clear that the domestic kitchen is the last line of defence when it comes to food hygiene .
and as there are four times as many outbreaks in the home than in hotels , takeaways and restaurants [and so on] , it is clear that the domestic kitchen is the last line of defence when it comes to food hygiene .

Compared to ‘ Rust In Peace ’ , ‘ Countdown To Extinction ’ is somewhat less complex in terms of arrangements , number of riffs per song etc . Was this deliberate ?
compared to ‘ rust in peace ’ , ‘ countdown to extinction ’ is somewhat less complex in terms of arrangements , number of riffs per song [and so on] . was this deliberate ?

The body 's centre section is maple too , and you 'd not normally see that because traditionally it 's been painted over ; and the bridge is different , more solid-looking ; and the pickups … etc .
the body 's centre section is maple too , and you 'd not normally see that because traditionally it 's been painted over ; and the bridge is different , more solid-looking ; and the pickups … [and so on] .

, etc … You see the plan , of course ; Rickenbacker 's aim here is to cunningly disguise some serious modernisation within an established design , and in doing so retain the instrument 's and the company 's character and identity .
, [and so on] … you see the plan , of course ; rickenbacker 's aim here is to cunningly disguise some serious modernisation within an established design , and in doing so retain the instrument 's and the company 's character and identity .

The main restoration of the Norman stone-built church was done in 1893 and remains much the same to this day except for modernisation of lighting and heating , addition of carpets , kneelers etc .
the main restoration of the norman stone-built church was done in 1893 and remains much the same to this day except for modernisation of lighting and heating , addition of carpets , kneelers [and so on] .

It is the only meeting place in the parish , and local residents have happy memories of such occasions there as Coronation parties , Jubilee teas , wedding receptions , dances , whist drives etc .
it is the only meeting place in the parish , and local residents have happy memories of such occasions there as coronation parties , jubilee teas , wedding receptions , dances , whist drives [and so on] .

Collective live foods carry a risk of introducing diseases , and you need to be able to identify the edible insects , crustaceans etc from a pond as well as those which may attack your fish .
collective live foods carry a risk of introducing diseases , and you need to be able to identify the edible insects , crustaceans [and so on] from a pond as well as those which may attack your fish .

Fishkeeping equipment such as lights , powerheads , etc can induce small electrical voltages in the tank water .
fishkeeping equipment such as lights , powerheads , [and so on] can induce small electrical voltages in the tank water .

As well as the two main categories , there is also a smattering of miscellaneous queries on identification , equipment , sources of fish , etc , which all add variety to the job .
as well as the two main categories , there is also a smattering of miscellaneous queries on identification , equipment , sources of fish , [and so on] , which all add variety to the job .

Gravel , spar , etc .
gravel , spar , [and so on] .

More rarely , disease products from specific diseases such as measles , chicken pox , whooping cough , syphilis , gonorrhoea , cancer etc .
more rarely , disease products from specific diseases such as measles , chicken pox , whooping cough , syphilis , gonorrhoea , cancer [and so on] .

Many acute life-threatening conditions , shock states etc .
many acute life-threatening conditions , shock states [and so on] .

Put scissors , hairspray , perfumes , etc , out of reach .
put scissors , hairspray , perfumes , [and so on] , out of reach .

This is excellent news which will be made even better if , in the next few days , her colleagues and headline writers refrain from prefacing every mention of her name with the words brave , courageous , etc. etc .
this is excellent news which will be made even better if , in the next few days , her colleagues and headline writers refrain from prefacing every mention of her name with the words brave , courageous , etc. [and so on] .

Running repairs Carry a repair kit including a groundsheet and flysheet fabric , self-adhesive tape , glue , a spare pole section , spare apex , pegs etc .
running repairs carry a repair kit including a groundsheet and flysheet fabric , self-adhesive tape , glue , a spare pole section , spare apex , pegs [and so on] .

Finally , for backpacking and expeditions in winter time , extra capacity must be allowed for thicker clothing , bulkier sleeping bags , etc .
finally , for backpacking and expeditions in winter time , extra capacity must be allowed for thicker clothing , bulkier sleeping bags , [and so on] .

sex , age , handedness etc ) , the date the sample was collected , the style of writing used ( e.g .
sex , age , handedness [and so on] ) , the date the sample was collected , the style of writing used ( e.g .

‘ c a * e ’ the * could be ‘ f ’ , ‘ k ’ , ‘ r ’ or ‘ s ’ etc . )
‘ c a * e ’ the * could be ‘ f ’ , ‘ k ’ , ‘ r ’ or ‘ s ’ [and so on] . )

‘ The same principle applies if gifts , etc , are offered . ’
‘ the same principle applies if gifts , [and so on] , are offered . ’

Drying time : fast — wearable within three hours in a warm room , albeit with dampish waistband , pockets etc .
drying time : fast — wearable within three hours in a warm room , albeit with dampish waistband , pockets [and so on] .

The pack is divided into two parts — the main section opens like a suitcase with a bottom partition for sleeping bags , dirty washing etc .
the pack is divided into two parts — the main section opens like a suitcase with a bottom partition for sleeping bags , dirty washing [and so on] .

Their portraits adorn the posh dining halls of the South African stadia : Newlands , Ellis Park , Loftus Versfeld etc .
their portraits adorn the posh dining halls of the south african stadia : newlands , ellis park , loftus versfeld [and so on] .

Perhaps we can look forward to an extension of this realism into the players payments , drugs etc .
perhaps we can look forward to an extension of this realism into the players payments , drugs [and so on] .

With enough graphic violence ( face slashing , gut piercing etc ) to exclude younger viewers and nothing whatsoever to lure anyone over the age of 14 , this is a film which aims for ( and hits ) a totally non-existent target audience . Bullseye !
with enough graphic violence ( face slashing , gut piercing [and so on] ) to exclude younger viewers and nothing whatsoever to lure anyone over the age of 14 , this is a film which aims for ( and hits ) a totally non-existent target audience . bullseye !

Knock knock ! Who 's there ? Doctor , etc … ( Trad )
knock knock ! who 's there ? doctor , [and so on] … ( trad )

And financial assistance available in the new area may reduce the cost of rent , capital equipment , etc .
and financial assistance available in the new area may reduce the cost of rent , capital equipment , [and so on] .

They have well-defined written policies providing relocation assistance covering : house expenses incurred ( legal and estate agents ' fees , surveys , land registry fees , stamp duty , etc . )
they have well-defined written policies providing relocation assistance covering : house expenses incurred ( legal and estate agents ' fees , surveys , land registry fees , stamp duty , [and so on] . )

the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .
the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone [and so on] , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .

The executive and his family are being asked to live in an unfamiliar place where the climate , language , laws , religion , etc .
the executive and his family are being asked to live in an unfamiliar place where the climate , language , laws , religion , [and so on] .

For instance , if there are seasonal variations in climate , these should be explained in the context of their effect on business operations , transport , home environment , etc .
for instance , if there are seasonal variations in climate , these should be explained in the context of their effect on business operations , transport , home environment , [and so on] .

Details on prices for food , transport , entertaining , utilities , staff wages , etc .
details on prices for food , transport , entertaining , utilities , staff wages , [and so on] .

Similarly expatriates are advised to check whether the furnished property includes crockery , cutlery , etc .
similarly expatriates are advised to check whether the furnished property includes crockery , cutlery , [and so on] .

To put it another way , law forms both a sub-system of society and part of the environment of other sub-systems such as politics , family , education , economy , etc .
to put it another way , law forms both a sub-system of society and part of the environment of other sub-systems such as politics , family , education , economy , [and so on] .

The question again is whether we can develop a satisfactory theory of the law and the legal system , or whether we must be both more general — taking into account the role that institutions such as family , church , schools , media , police , army , economy , play — and more specific — differentiating the different legal arenas such as courts , administration , police , prisons , etc ?
the question again is whether we can develop a satisfactory theory of the law and the legal system , or whether we must be both more general — taking into account the role that institutions such as family , church , schools , media , police , army , economy , play — and more specific — differentiating the different legal arenas such as courts , administration , police , prisons , [and so on] ?

It is also complex in other ways ; its literal meaning — the power to carry out laws , decisions , etc .
it is also complex in other ways ; its literal meaning — the power to carry out laws , decisions , [and so on] .

It states the peerage conferred ( whether it be a barony , a viscountcy , etc . )
it states the peerage conferred ( whether it be a barony , a viscountcy , [and so on] . )

Where a court , or another authority or person makes an order for detention of a Member as being of unsound mind , or where a doctor recommends such detention , or where a Member is so detained , that court , authority , person , doctor or the head of the hospital , etc .
where a court , or another authority or person makes an order for detention of a member as being of unsound mind , or where a doctor recommends such detention , or where a member is so detained , that court , authority , person , doctor or the head of the hospital , [and so on] .

This category , however , overlaps with that of defamation , etc .
this category , however , overlaps with that of defamation , [and so on] .

There is statutory warrant for extending privilege so as to embrace reports , papers , etc .
there is statutory warrant for extending privilege so as to embrace reports , papers , [and so on] .

by the Clerk of the Parliaments , or perhaps the Speaker of the House of Commons , etc .
by the clerk of the parliaments , or perhaps the speaker of the house of commons , [and so on] .

Whether the inhibition of news publishing by threat of contempt proceedings constitutes a denial of freedom of speech and whether the use a corporal punishment in schools can constitute a breach of Art.3 ( prohibiting torture , etc . )
whether the inhibition of news publishing by threat of contempt proceedings constitutes a denial of freedom of speech and whether the use a corporal punishment in schools can constitute a breach of art.3 ( prohibiting torture , [and so on] . )

If anyone has any experience of this , perhaps they could write to me with fullest details ( breed or type , number of dogs in household , when the guarding started etc ) .
if anyone has any experience of this , perhaps they could write to me with fullest details ( breed or type , number of dogs in household , when the guarding started [and so on] ) .

’ Well it 's true enough that some school days are happy ( for example , the school day before half-term holidays , the school day before Christmas holidays , the school day the boiler blew up and we all got sent home early etc , etc !
’ well it 's true enough that some school days are happy ( for example , the school day before half-term holidays , the school day before christmas holidays , the school day the boiler blew up and we all got sent home early [and so on] , [and so on] !

Surely he 's got loads of time for people who struggle at maths , sport , speelling etc ?
surely he 's got loads of time for people who struggle at maths , sport , speelling [and so on] ?

Now ‘ Damnation Derek ’ is not one of your wimpy-never-let-anyone-know-that-you-goto-church type of Christians , he is the sort of Christian that does n't mind who knows that he goes to church , believes in God , reads the Bible and prays ( etc , etc ) .
now ‘ damnation derek ’ is not one of your wimpy-never-let-anyone-know-that-you-goto-church type of christians , he is the sort of christian that does n't mind who knows that he goes to church , believes in god , reads the bible and prays ( [and so on] , [and so on] ) .

’ etc , etc .
’ [and so on] , [and so on] .

’ There are no guarantees that people will believe what you believe about God , Jesus , the Bible etc .
’ there are no guarantees that people will believe what you believe about god , jesus , the bible [and so on] .

’ etc , etc . )
’ [and so on] , [and so on] . )

Try to find an adult ( parent , youth leader , etc ) who you trust enough to be able to talk to about all of your friendships .
try to find an adult ( parent , youth leader , [and so on] ) who you trust enough to be able to talk to about all of your friendships .

Of course , these are the official statistics — there are no official figures on those sleeping rough , squatting , staying with friends , etc .
of course , these are the official statistics — there are no official figures on those sleeping rough , squatting , staying with friends , [and so on] .

There are two basic reasons for the apparent anomalies in what generally appears to be a steady expansion of the vineyard area : first , the uprooting of old , commercially non-productive vines ; and second , the decimation of large patches of vines due to natural causes like frost , hail , disease , pests , etc .
there are two basic reasons for the apparent anomalies in what generally appears to be a steady expansion of the vineyard area : first , the uprooting of old , commercially non-productive vines ; and second , the decimation of large patches of vines due to natural causes like frost , hail , disease , pests , [and so on] .

Going west , the vineyards on the right bank , from Mareuil towards Dormans , have an excellent south-facing aspect and far outmatch in terms of quality the north-facing , left bank vineyards of Mardeuil , Boursault , etc .
going west , the vineyards on the right bank , from mareuil towards dormans , have an excellent south-facing aspect and far outmatch in terms of quality the north-facing , left bank vineyards of mardeuil , boursault , [and so on] .

This enables greater pressure to be applied to the already compressed cake of grapes , skins , pips etc .
this enables greater pressure to be applied to the already compressed cake of grapes , skins , pips [and so on] .

They 're not labelled either — it 's up to you to discover which coloured circle makes the ball stick to your bat , which makes it split into three , etc .
they 're not labelled either — it 's up to you to discover which coloured circle makes the ball stick to your bat , which makes it split into three , [and so on] .

The object of the game is to bring together similar shapes ( triangles , squares , etc . )
the object of the game is to bring together similar shapes ( triangles , squares , [and so on] . )

One Aston Villa , there 's only one Aston Villa , one Aston Viiiiiilla , there 's only , etc , etc .
one aston villa , there 's only one aston villa , one aston viiiiiilla , there 's only , [and so on] , [and so on] .

This is the game 's main motivation , enabling the planning of your week by dragging various icons into each day 's five time slots to organise training , buy players , pick the team etc .
this is the game 's main motivation , enabling the planning of your week by dragging various icons into each day 's five time slots to organise training , buy players , pick the team [and so on] .

It 's the supporters club at 9 , team selection at 11 , etc . )
it 's the supporters club at 9 , team selection at 11 , [and so on] . )

Send him out to watch your next opponents , or look for defenders , midfielders etc .
send him out to watch your next opponents , or look for defenders , midfielders [and so on] .

Your mission is to fly over horizontally scrolling enemy territory , hitting the space bar to bomb the target ( bridge , fort etc . )
your mission is to fly over horizontally scrolling enemy territory , hitting the space bar to bomb the target ( bridge , fort [and so on] . )

At times my skateboarding skills astounded me : zipping around corners , weaving through obstacles etc .
at times my skateboarding skills astounded me : zipping around corners , weaving through obstacles [and so on] .

Covers backdoor codes left by the programmers , cheats and tips to get past your opponents , how to skip levels , pokes for infinite lives , time etc plus many other options .
covers backdoor codes left by the programmers , cheats and tips to get past your opponents , how to skip levels , pokes for infinite lives , time [and so on] plus many other options .

Aching joints , aching muscles , swollen joints , stiffness , backache , tremor of the hands , head etc , stiff nick .
aching joints , aching muscles , swollen joints , stiffness , backache , tremor of the hands , head [and so on] , stiff nick .

The amount of funds needed for each quarter will depend on the gravity of the problems encountered there and the population density etc .
the amount of funds needed for each quarter will depend on the gravity of the problems encountered there and the population density [and so on] .

Speed control devices are mentioned but not emphasised , so there is no overt discussion of pinch points , ramps , tables etc .
speed control devices are mentioned but not emphasised , so there is no overt discussion of pinch points , ramps , tables [and so on] .

The voice went on to say that , when you were faced with something as frightening as death , you needed the right people around you , and the right people were the Paradise Corporation etc .
the voice went on to say that , when you were faced with something as frightening as death , you needed the right people around you , and the right people were the paradise corporation [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

He said that he will be continuing with Mary 's work of dealing with residents ' worries and complaints — ‘ pointing them in the direction of the right person to help them ’ — and assisting them with official forms , etc .
he said that he will be continuing with mary 's work of dealing with residents ' worries and complaints — ‘ pointing them in the direction of the right person to help them ’ — and assisting them with official forms , [and so on] .

Line , shape , colour , etc .
line , shape , colour , [and so on] .

Their larger 237ml jars ( 63 colours ) offer the same excellence of covering power , flexibility , etc .
their larger 237ml jars ( 63 colours ) offer the same excellence of covering power , flexibility , [and so on] .

Colour index names and numbers are included , along with specification on each pigment 's compatibility with differing media ( oil , watercolour , etc ) .
colour index names and numbers are included , along with specification on each pigment 's compatibility with differing media ( oil , watercolour , [and so on] ) .

He suggests that to attribute extra suffering to one particular factor — age , length of unemployment , marital status , etc .
he suggests that to attribute extra suffering to one particular factor — age , length of unemployment , marital status , [and so on] .

Qualities that might generate and recoup excellent work in the classroom ( including , for instance , risk-taking , creativity , originality , the valuing of independence and initiative , a questioning and critical approach , etc .
qualities that might generate and recoup excellent work in the classroom ( including , for instance , risk-taking , creativity , originality , the valuing of independence and initiative , a questioning and critical approach , [and so on] .

To these things , we might also add the inappropriateness of , and deterioration of standards in , school buildings — the inconvenience of stairs and galleries for those wishing to use overhead projectors and other cumbersome audio-visual aids ; the unsuitability of compartmentalized classrooms for team-teaching , resource-based learning etc .
to these things , we might also add the inappropriateness of , and deterioration of standards in , school buildings — the inconvenience of stairs and galleries for those wishing to use overhead projectors and other cumbersome audio-visual aids ; the unsuitability of compartmentalized classrooms for team-teaching , resource-based learning [and so on] .

Any special fears such as vertigo , fear of drowning , dislike of flying , etc .
any special fears such as vertigo , fear of drowning , dislike of flying , [and so on] .

This campaign Manescu is managing so well has another important purpose — to make the Brits , the Frogs , etc .
this campaign manescu is managing so well has another important purpose — to make the brits , the frogs , [and so on] .

Human beings , in contrast , interact with one another not only because of gravity but because of dependence , love , envy , hate , etc .
human beings , in contrast , interact with one another not only because of gravity but because of dependence , love , envy , hate , [and so on] .

This may consist of files on clients , historical papers , minutes , prospectuses , handbooks , codes of practice , etc .
this may consist of files on clients , historical papers , minutes , prospectuses , handbooks , codes of practice , [and so on] .

Particular attention should be paid to any bias in the selected samples , levels of response and limiting characteristics , such as age groups , length of time involved with services , etc .
particular attention should be paid to any bias in the selected samples , levels of response and limiting characteristics , such as age groups , length of time involved with services , [and so on] .

Software Etc Stores Inc , Edina , Minnesota filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission for an initial public offering of up to 800,000 common shares , all new at a target price of $ 15.50 a share and says it wants the $ 12m or so net proceeds to finance expansion .
software [and so on] stores inc , edina , minnesota filed with the securities & exchange commission for an initial public offering of up to 800,000 common shares , all new at a target price of $ 15.50 a share and says it wants the $ 12m or so net proceeds to finance expansion .

Software Etc Stores Inc saw fourth quarter net profits up 33.5 % at $ 9.4m , after $ 3.4m tax credits this time and $ 2.5m tax credits last time , on sales up 34.5 % at $ 87.4m ; net profit for the year to January 30 was up 71.3 % at $ 8.9m , after $ 3.2m tax credits this time and $ 1.8m last time , on sales up 22.4 % to $ 203.4m .
software [and so on] stores inc saw fourth quarter net profits up 33.5 % at $ 9.4m , after $ 3.4m tax credits this time and $ 2.5m tax credits last time , on sales up 34.5 % at $ 87.4m ; net profit for the year to january 30 was up 71.3 % at $ 8.9m , after $ 3.2m tax credits this time and $ 1.8m last time , on sales up 22.4 % to $ 203.4m .

Now declare how far you wish to shoot — eg 24″ , 30″ , 32″ etc .
now declare how far you wish to shoot — eg 24″ , 30″ , 32″ [and so on] .

War machines include all the artillery and other machines of war available to the Empire army including Steam Tanks , cannons , mortars , etc .
war machines include all the artillery and other machines of war available to the empire army including steam tanks , cannons , mortars , [and so on] .

This list does not include unusual or specialised weapons such as repeater hand guns , Goblin Fanatic ball and chain , etc , and such weapons may not be chosen for a character .
this list does not include unusual or specialised weapons such as repeater hand guns , goblin fanatic ball and chain , [and so on] , and such weapons may not be chosen for a character .

An additional sword , axe , etc 1
an additional sword , axe , [and so on] 1

So long as the War Altar is intact , the Grand Theogonist is immune to the effects of psychology including fear , panic , terror , etc .
so long as the war altar is intact , the grand theogonist is immune to the effects of psychology including fear , panic , terror , [and so on] .

Such action , taken as a precautionary measure in the interests of air safety before the investigators are able to identify the true cause of the accident , has been in the past , and might again be in the future , seized upon by lawyers involved in civil actions relating to the accident as an acknowledgement of a shortcoming ( or , in their eyes , an admission of guilt ) by the manufacturers , operators , air traffic control , etc .
such action , taken as a precautionary measure in the interests of air safety before the investigators are able to identify the true cause of the accident , has been in the past , and might again be in the future , seized upon by lawyers involved in civil actions relating to the accident as an acknowledgement of a shortcoming ( or , in their eyes , an admission of guilt ) by the manufacturers , operators , air traffic control , [and so on] .

In France they have devised a logical system whereby senior officials of the Bureau d'Enquête d'Accident are formally recognised by the magistrate as officials of his court , thereby relieving the magistrate himself of much responsibility relating to highly technical matters of which he has little comprehension while at the same time enabling the professional investigators immediate access to the wreckage of the aircraft and its records , etc .
in france they have devised a logical system whereby senior officials of the bureau d'enquête d'accident are formally recognised by the magistrate as officials of his court , thereby relieving the magistrate himself of much responsibility relating to highly technical matters of which he has little comprehension while at the same time enabling the professional investigators immediate access to the wreckage of the aircraft and its records , [and so on] .

But as time goes on , people seem to lose sight of the reason why it is necessary to issue licences to these people and certificates of airworthiness for aircraft , etc .
but as time goes on , people seem to lose sight of the reason why it is necessary to issue licences to these people and certificates of airworthiness for aircraft , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

The one basic justification for the existence of all the different modes of activity of the regulating authorities — personnel licensing , airworthiness , air traffic control , aerodrome standards , etc .
the one basic justification for the existence of all the different modes of activity of the regulating authorities — personnel licensing , airworthiness , air traffic control , aerodrome standards , [and so on] .

Software Etc Stores Inc , Edina , Minnesota software retailer , got its offering of 800,000 shares , all new , away at $ 15.50 per share and intends to use the $ 12m or so net proceeds to accelerate its store expansion programme — opening 60 to 70 new stores in each of the next two years to add to the 42 currently open .
software [and so on] stores inc , edina , minnesota software retailer , got its offering of 800,000 shares , all new , away at $ 15.50 per share and intends to use the $ 12m or so net proceeds to accelerate its store expansion programme — opening 60 to 70 new stores in each of the next two years to add to the 42 currently open .

Our new 1990 fleet of award-winning Danish X-372's in their luxury version offering outstanding performance with the level of comfort required for a modern cruising holiday . Roller-reefing , wheel steering , electric windlass , cruising chute , pressurised hot and cold water , shore-power , refrigerator etc …
our new 1990 fleet of award-winning danish x-372's in their luxury version offering outstanding performance with the level of comfort required for a modern cruising holiday . roller-reefing , wheel steering , electric windlass , cruising chute , pressurised hot and cold water , shore-power , refrigerator [and so on] …

delicate and some man-made materials , velvet , natural fur , plastic , Dralon etc .
delicate and some man-made materials , velvet , natural fur , plastic , dralon [and so on] .

• Key players — performance of airlines , hotels , tour operators , etc
• key players — performance of airlines , hotels , tour operators , [and so on]

Galley recently fitted with new Alpes Inox stove , fridge , deep-freeze etc .
galley recently fitted with new alpes inox stove , fridge , deep-freeze [and so on] .

1 The original nationality , sometimes going back to the dawn of history . Was it Ancient British , Gaul , Goth , Viking , Spanish , Russian , etc ?
1 the original nationality , sometimes going back to the dawn of history . was it ancient british , gaul , goth , viking , spanish , russian , [and so on] ?

After giving instructions about his place of burial , he required them to go to his study and take out three great hampers of books and burn them , ‘ Inasmuch as all the comedies , tragedies , pastorals , etc .
after giving instructions about his place of burial , he required them to go to his study and take out three great hampers of books and burn them , ‘ inasmuch as all the comedies , tragedies , pastorals , [and so on] .

Grants are made for warm clothing , heating bills , beds and bedding , nourishing foods , convalescent holidays , etc .
grants are made for warm clothing , heating bills , beds and bedding , nourishing foods , convalescent holidays , [and so on] .

These courses , which are organised in collaboration with the Small-Scale Miners ' Association of Zimbabwe and the Intermediate Technology Development Group , are designed to give intensive practical training in basic geology , gold prospection , surveying , sampling , orebody evaluation , business and financial planning as well as covering mining law , mine engineering , beneficiation methods , etc .
these courses , which are organised in collaboration with the small-scale miners ' association of zimbabwe and the intermediate technology development group , are designed to give intensive practical training in basic geology , gold prospection , surveying , sampling , orebody evaluation , business and financial planning as well as covering mining law , mine engineering , beneficiation methods , [and so on] .

Some of these are deeply rooted and irrational ; they spring from fears about ageing and death and from the psychological need to distance ourselves from selected groups of people ( homosexuals , blacks , etc . )
some of these are deeply rooted and irrational ; they spring from fears about ageing and death and from the psychological need to distance ourselves from selected groups of people ( homosexuals , blacks , [and so on] . )

Eggs can then be easily transferred to the mouth by finger sucking or nail biting , causing reinfection , and spread to other members of the family by direct contact or via food , towels and bedlinen etc .
eggs can then be easily transferred to the mouth by finger sucking or nail biting , causing reinfection , and spread to other members of the family by direct contact or via food , towels and bedlinen [and so on] .

Gateleg tables , refectory tables , rush-seated spindle and ladderback country chairs , dressers and dresser bases , mahogany chairs , bureaux and bureaux bookcases , etc .
gateleg tables , refectory tables , rush-seated spindle and ladderback country chairs , dressers and dresser bases , mahogany chairs , bureaux and bureaux bookcases , [and so on] .

For style conscious parents , Mamas & Papas provide an exclusive range of stylish high quality nursery products in a choice of fashionable fabrics , which have been designed and are featured in our 60 page colour brochure which contains the full range of Mamas & Papas prams , pushchairs , cots , highchairs , changing stations , playpens , travel seats , baby walkers and playmats etc .
for style conscious parents , mamas & papas provide an exclusive range of stylish high quality nursery products in a choice of fashionable fabrics , which have been designed and are featured in our 60 page colour brochure which contains the full range of mamas & papas prams , pushchairs , cots , highchairs , changing stations , playpens , travel seats , baby walkers and playmats [and so on] .

Return bacon , onions etc .
return bacon , onions [and so on] .

Some are drawn into a life of crime : petty thieving , drugs trafficking etc .
some are drawn into a life of crime : petty thieving , drugs trafficking [and so on] .

Whereas many otherwise ‘ progressive ’ disciples of Rousseau believed in controlling the entire environment of the child and programming its mind with carefully selected sense impressions , Wordsworth and Dorothy believed in complete freedom : ‘ Till a child is four years old he needs no other companions than the flowers , the grass , the cattle , the sheep that scamper away from him , when he makes a vain unexpecting chase after them , the pebbles upon the road etc .
whereas many otherwise ‘ progressive ’ disciples of rousseau believed in controlling the entire environment of the child and programming its mind with carefully selected sense impressions , wordsworth and dorothy believed in complete freedom : ‘ till a child is four years old he needs no other companions than the flowers , the grass , the cattle , the sheep that scamper away from him , when he makes a vain unexpecting chase after them , the pebbles upon the road [and so on] .

Wordsworth 's painting would have been ‘ a mine of peaceful years , etc .
wordsworth 's painting would have been ‘ a mine of peaceful years , [and so on] .

More complex — and expensive — sets will have end point adjustment on all channels , complex ‘ tailoring ’ of the pitch and throttle channel movement , including two ‘ idle up ’ settings with different pitch ranges , various combinations of mixing and coupling aimed at making the model easier to fly and suitable for contest requirements , etc .
more complex — and expensive — sets will have end point adjustment on all channels , complex ‘ tailoring ’ of the pitch and throttle channel movement , including two ‘ idle up ’ settings with different pitch ranges , various combinations of mixing and coupling aimed at making the model easier to fly and suitable for contest requirements , [and so on] .

This can be a patch of grass or bare earth , a stone , a car mat , etc .
this can be a patch of grass or bare earth , a stone , a car mat , [and so on] .

If the model insists on moving forwards , then rear cyclic trim is needed , etc .
if the model insists on moving forwards , then rear cyclic trim is needed , [and so on] .

It can be argued that decision-makers ' aims are often not to maximise profits ( or sales etc . )
it can be argued that decision-makers ' aims are often not to maximise profits ( or sales [and so on] . )

Vegetarian dishes in various ethnic cuisines — Mexican , Thai , Indian , Italian , Japanese , Middle Eastern , etc . …
vegetarian dishes in various ethnic cuisines — mexican , thai , indian , italian , japanese , middle eastern , [and so on] . …

‘ Nush ’ has now been firmly adjusted with the help of Leftfield and those top Zoomsters , Dave Wesson and Billy Nasty ( Herbal Infusion , Acorn Arts , St Etienne mixes etc ) .
‘ nush ’ has now been firmly adjusted with the help of leftfield and those top zoomsters , dave wesson and billy nasty ( herbal infusion , acorn arts , st etienne mixes [and so on] ) .

Everyone has added to/amended the English language whether it be invaders ( Romans , Saxons , Normans , Americans etc ) or invaded .
everyone has added to/amended the english language whether it be invaders ( romans , saxons , normans , americans [and so on] ) or invaded .

Sniff it in black tie or slurp it in jeans etc , etc .
sniff it in black tie or slurp it in jeans [and so on] , [and so on] .

Plentiful supplies of Real English Cox are in the shops now with their rosy-cheeked healthy appearance and their sophisticated aromatic flavour they make a perfect lover 's gift etc , etc .
plentiful supplies of real english cox are in the shops now with their rosy-cheeked healthy appearance and their sophisticated aromatic flavour they make a perfect lover 's gift [and so on] , [and so on] .

Penicillin On Wax , the album , is a hardcore cure for the ill etc , etc .
penicillin on wax , the album , is a hardcore cure for the ill [and so on] , [and so on] .

Poised on a mount of hand-polished crystal , the luminous fairy gazes into her magic quartz etc , etc .
poised on a mount of hand-polished crystal , the luminous fairy gazes into her magic quartz [and so on] , [and so on] .

The second is that drivers like to retain at least one common link with those fans who do n't have private jets , Boss jeans , impossibly lithe blondes etc .
the second is that drivers like to retain at least one common link with those fans who do n't have private jets , boss jeans , impossibly lithe blondes [and so on] .

As a self-sufficient economy we are spared the valuable advice of those we could have done without ; we do employ those we need where local capability does not exist ( medical staff , technicians , etc ) .
as a self-sufficient economy we are spared the valuable advice of those we could have done without ; we do employ those we need where local capability does not exist ( medical staff , technicians , [and so on] ) .

The Soviet police concluded that he had been shot in the stomach by his dog as he tried to free it from a trap ( Reuters , etc , 6 March 1992 ) .
the soviet police concluded that he had been shot in the stomach by his dog as he tried to free it from a trap ( reuters , [and so on] , 6 march 1992 ) .

Only if the social costs of such a strategy , in terms of mental illness , vandalism , etc .
only if the social costs of such a strategy , in terms of mental illness , vandalism , [and so on] .

The production machinery has to be moved every day as the face moves , geological variations mean that the size and quality of the seam is unpredictable , and there is always the possibility of the collapse of the walls , roof , etc .
the production machinery has to be moved every day as the face moves , geological variations mean that the size and quality of the seam is unpredictable , and there is always the possibility of the collapse of the walls , roof , [and so on] .

The form of work organisation adopted by management in the Durham coalfield , at first , was to formally separate the three major production processes of preparation , coal-getting , and advancing ( the props , conveyors , etc . )
the form of work organisation adopted by management in the durham coalfield , at first , was to formally separate the three major production processes of preparation , coal-getting , and advancing ( the props , conveyors , [and so on] . )

Piece of cake for you girl , if anyone can beat it you can , you 're a survivor , a fighter etc .
piece of cake for you girl , if anyone can beat it you can , you 're a survivor , a fighter [and so on] .

Instead of one two is two ; two twos are four ; three twos are six , it was two ones are two ; two twos are four ; two threes are six etc .
instead of one two is two ; two twos are four ; three twos are six , it was two ones are two ; two twos are four ; two threes are six [and so on] .

Aerial work pilots such as crop-sprayers , aerial photographers , power-line inspectors etc .
aerial work pilots such as crop-sprayers , aerial photographers , power-line inspectors [and so on] .

Service industries predominate for employment in the island offices , shops , banks , garages etc , as well as the whole infrastructure which is associated with tourism .
service industries predominate for employment in the island offices , shops , banks , garages [and so on] , as well as the whole infrastructure which is associated with tourism .

The visitor is not greeted with the sordid ‘ home-from-home ’ bar or the multitude of signs advertising pots of tea , fish and chips , egg and bacon , smorgasbord , German beer garden etc which are found in Spain , the Canary Islands and even the Portuguese Algarve .
the visitor is not greeted with the sordid ‘ home-from-home ’ bar or the multitude of signs advertising pots of tea , fish and chips , egg and bacon , smorgasbord , german beer garden [and so on] which are found in spain , the canary islands and even the portuguese algarve .

In recent years there have been increasing numbers of visitors who enjoy the facilities which have been developed for windsurfing , scuba diving and game fishing ( tunny , marlin , barracuda etc ) .
in recent years there have been increasing numbers of visitors who enjoy the facilities which have been developed for windsurfing , scuba diving and game fishing ( tunny , marlin , barracuda [and so on] ) .

The cottage consists of the living space on the ground floor divided up into small rooms , with an attic store for beans , grain , potatoes etc .
the cottage consists of the living space on the ground floor divided up into small rooms , with an attic store for beans , grain , potatoes [and so on] .

Sung originally by ruffians or sailors , the fado of the street is simple accompanied song spontaneously composed , the theme of which is commonly love of mother , town , the sea , etc .
sung originally by ruffians or sailors , the fado of the street is simple accompanied song spontaneously composed , the theme of which is commonly love of mother , town , the sea , [and so on] .

In that mood , there is a neat , easy role for the Liberal Democrats : 40 years of the two old , failed parties , etc , etc .
in that mood , there is a neat , easy role for the liberal democrats : 40 years of the two old , failed parties , [and so on] , [and so on] .

No 3221 Set by Naomi Marks You were asked for Which -style guides to everyday objects — like cookers , fridges , etc — written in kulcher-babble .
no 3221 set by naomi marks you were asked for which -style guides to everyday objects — like cookers , fridges , [and so on] — written in kulcher-babble .

‘ Wild Kids on a rock'n'roll binge ’ etc : Kim and pal , 1981
‘ wild kids on a rock'n'roll binge ’ [and so on] : kim and pal , 1981

To be able to fight instinctively without consciously planning as you go , you must know how and where to kick , punch , elbow , knee etc .
to be able to fight instinctively without consciously planning as you go , you must know how and where to kick , punch , elbow , knee [and so on] .

Not only this but in the Communist Manifesto Marx and Engels consider the charge made against communism that there are ‘ eternal truths , such as Freedom , Justice , etc .
not only this but in the communist manifesto marx and engels consider the charge made against communism that there are ‘ eternal truths , such as freedom , justice , [and so on] .

Tithes were simply proportional taxes levied on the output of the land and herds and used to support the Levites or to be set aside for the poor — widows , orphans , etc .
tithes were simply proportional taxes levied on the output of the land and herds and used to support the levites or to be set aside for the poor — widows , orphans , [and so on] .

If in refusing , he acted as a reasonable man would have done in the same position , because he entertained the same fears , having regard to the character of the proposed assignee , etc , the real purpose of the assignment , the effect of the assignment on the property or other property of the landlord , etc , the refusal will be upheld as reasonable .
if in refusing , he acted as a reasonable man would have done in the same position , because he entertained the same fears , having regard to the character of the proposed assignee , [and so on] , the real purpose of the assignment , the effect of the assignment on the property or other property of the landlord , [and so on] , the refusal will be upheld as reasonable .

The deliveries made to Bridgend and East Kilbride were short of items from order number 7532 but when the customer 's branch accountants at each depot had this shortfall explained each was happy to take delivery and sign for the goods carried , The form of receipt was a simple endorsement on a copy of a letter sent by Swannson-on-Wheels to each branch of Computex -Ltd 's industrial customers giving notice of the scheduled delivery date for the reader printers , etc .
the deliveries made to bridgend and east kilbride were short of items from order number 7532 but when the customer 's branch accountants at each depot had this shortfall explained each was happy to take delivery and sign for the goods carried , the form of receipt was a simple endorsement on a copy of a letter sent by swannson-on-wheels to each branch of computex -ltd 's industrial customers giving notice of the scheduled delivery date for the reader printers , [and so on] .

all relevant ministry paperwork and records etc . ( List based on a Ryder Truck Rental quotation )
all relevant ministry paperwork and records [and so on] . ( list based on a ryder truck rental quotation )

However , given the outcomes and conduct of previous British government inquiries on energy issues ( Windscale , Sizewell etc . )
however , given the outcomes and conduct of previous british government inquiries on energy issues ( windscale , sizewell [and so on] . )

on one syllable only , but some ‘ feminine ’ , on more than one syllable , and tending towards similarity rather than identity , as in ‘ Arvernien/journey in ’ , ‘ armoured him/harm from him ’ , ‘ helmet tall/emerald ’ , etc .
on one syllable only , but some ‘ feminine ’ , on more than one syllable , and tending towards similarity rather than identity , as in ‘ arvernien/journey in ’ , ‘ armoured him/harm from him ’ , ‘ helmet tall/emerald ’ , [and so on] .

These are too common to be the result of incapacity , and they are furthermore reinforced by the unpredictable but frequent use of the other devices of sound : alliteration in ‘ light laid ’ , ‘ shining shield ’ , ‘ ward all wounds ’ , etc .
these are too common to be the result of incapacity , and they are furthermore reinforced by the unpredictable but frequent use of the other devices of sound : alliteration in ‘ light laid ’ , ‘ shining shield ’ , ‘ ward all wounds ’ , [and so on] .

Briefly , one can say that each stanza is in eight lines , rhyming abac/babc ; and that the fourth and eighth lines at once interrupt the flow of each stanza and hold the two halves together by their strong ‘ feminine ’ three-syllable rhymes , on ‘ glimmering/shimmering ’ , ‘ sorrowing/following ’ , etc .
briefly , one can say that each stanza is in eight lines , rhyming abac/babc ; and that the fourth and eighth lines at once interrupt the flow of each stanza and hold the two halves together by their strong ‘ feminine ’ three-syllable rhymes , on ‘ glimmering/shimmering ’ , ‘ sorrowing/following ’ , [and so on] .

Everything else might be changed by the demands of story and of ratiocination — there are clear differences , for instance , between the accounts of that scene in the 1925 poem ‘ Light as Leaf on Lindentree ’ and in Aragorn 's song on Weathertop — but to the vision itself he remained true , working out from it as from the detailed paintings of Lake Mithrim , Nargothrond , Gondolin , etc .
everything else might be changed by the demands of story and of ratiocination — there are clear differences , for instance , between the accounts of that scene in the 1925 poem ‘ light as leaf on lindentree ’ and in aragorn 's song on weathertop — but to the vision itself he remained true , working out from it as from the detailed paintings of lake mithrim , nargothrond , gondolin , [and so on] .

Hunter observed that ‘ … the whole viscera when all the Blood is press 'd out goes into a very little bulk , even the Liver will lose vastly of its bulk and in short the whole viscera will come into a small compass when they are well clean 'd and put into dry cloths ; you are then to go to the trunk of the Body and empty it of Blood as well as you can and press the Blood out from the Face , Hands , etc .
hunter observed that ‘ … the whole viscera when all the blood is press 'd out goes into a very little bulk , even the liver will lose vastly of its bulk and in short the whole viscera will come into a small compass when they are well clean 'd and put into dry cloths ; you are then to go to the trunk of the body and empty it of blood as well as you can and press the blood out from the face , hands , [and so on] .

Try to steer away from foods which are based on sugar , and avoid dishes which are likely to be salty , such as crisps , chips , sausages etc .
try to steer away from foods which are based on sugar , and avoid dishes which are likely to be salty , such as crisps , chips , sausages [and so on] .

Grilled or steamed fish are your best bet ; try to avoid the saucy dishes with the elegant names — Waleska , Veronique , Bonne Femme , etc — all smothered in butter and cream .
grilled or steamed fish are your best bet ; try to avoid the saucy dishes with the elegant names — waleska , veronique , bonne femme , [and so on] — all smothered in butter and cream .

The difficulty of winning a championship , the strain and gamble it involves , are so great that if a driver does not carry through to the following year sufficient momentum and he does not have the same advantage — of car , team , etc .
the difficulty of winning a championship , the strain and gamble it involves , are so great that if a driver does not carry through to the following year sufficient momentum and he does not have the same advantage — of car , team , [and so on] .

It was not easy to get the necessary equipment , bedding , etc .
it was not easy to get the necessary equipment , bedding , [and so on] .

The facts — that Chrissie has been caught taking food home , the higher than average food costs , etc .
the facts — that chrissie has been caught taking food home , the higher than average food costs , [and so on] .

the replacement of light bulbs etc . )
the replacement of light bulbs [and so on] . )

inclusive of employer 's contributions etc .
inclusive of employer 's contributions [and so on] .

Alternative leisure facilities for the wives of golfers , hill climbers , etc .
alternative leisure facilities for the wives of golfers , hill climbers , [and so on] .

Practically all of the capital outlay on building costs etc .
practically all of the capital outlay on building costs [and so on] .

Upkeep and maintenance of grounds , access roads , etc .
upkeep and maintenance of grounds , access roads , [and so on] .

Insurance ( fire , flood , theft , accidental damage , etc . )
insurance ( fire , flood , theft , accidental damage , [and so on] . )

Some of the outbuildings are used for staff accommodation , while the remainder still serve their original functions of lodge , garages , kennels , stables , gardeners ' stores , potting shed , greenhouses , etc .
some of the outbuildings are used for staff accommodation , while the remainder still serve their original functions of lodge , garages , kennels , stables , gardeners ' stores , potting shed , greenhouses , [and so on] .

The company also supplies beer etc .
the company also supplies beer [and so on] .

Tenants are required to purchase all liquor , soft drinks and bar items such as crisps and tobacco from Palatine , though at a discount , and they are expected to make their living from the profits after deduction of rent ( paid to Palatine ) , wages , rates , lighting and heating , etc .
tenants are required to purchase all liquor , soft drinks and bar items such as crisps and tobacco from palatine , though at a discount , and they are expected to make their living from the profits after deduction of rent ( paid to palatine ) , wages , rates , lighting and heating , [and so on] .

By Order of the Board etc .
by order of the board [and so on] .

Lack of space for development due to town centre locations , building restrictions , etc .
lack of space for development due to town centre locations , building restrictions , [and so on] .

Palatine 's tied house trade and free trade ( free houses , clubs , etc . )
palatine 's tied house trade and free trade ( free houses , clubs , [and so on] . )

Students provide their own linen , but the Hall presumably maintains a stock of blankets , etc .
students provide their own linen , but the hall presumably maintains a stock of blankets , [and so on] .

Released worldwide on all formats on November 24 ( Sonic Tuesday , apparently ) , once again it sees the animal libber hedgehog taking on the evil Dr Robotnik through a series of worlds ( The Mystic Cave , The Toxic Plant Zone etc ) .
released worldwide on all formats on november 24 ( sonic tuesday , apparently ) , once again it sees the animal libber hedgehog taking on the evil dr robotnik through a series of worlds ( the mystic cave , the toxic plant zone [and so on] ) .

The Venus awards are presented every season for the best fashion designer , make-up , set design , model etc .
the venus awards are presented every season for the best fashion designer , make-up , set design , model [and so on] .

’ This was followed by four or five lines about the book being a miraculous first novel , etc .
’ this was followed by four or five lines about the book being a miraculous first novel , [and so on] .

John Praty 's inventory totalled £23 , of which two-thirds were accounted for by livestock , implements , etc .
john praty 's inventory totalled £23 , of which two-thirds were accounted for by livestock , implements , [and so on] .

However that class does not necessarily correspond to other sets of dates , periods , millennia , ages , etc .
however that class does not necessarily correspond to other sets of dates , periods , millennia , ages , [and so on] .

Of course a chronological narrative can be constructed , but the history of physics in fact has its own temporality in which the first event after Aristotle was Newton , the second was Einstein , the third black holes , etc .
of course a chronological narrative can be constructed , but the history of physics in fact has its own temporality in which the first event after aristotle was newton , the second was einstein , the third black holes , [and so on] .

the economic dialectic is never active in the pure state ; in History , these instances , the superstructures , etc .
the economic dialectic is never active in the pure state ; in history , these instances , the superstructures , [and so on] .

On the contrary , we have to assign to each level a peculiar time , relatively autonomous and hence relatively independent , even in its dependence , of the ‘ times ’ of the other levels … Each of these peculiar histories is punctuated with peculiar rhythms and can only be known on condition that we have defined the concept of the specificity of its historical temporality and its punctuations ( continuous development , revolutions , breaks , etc . )
on the contrary , we have to assign to each level a peculiar time , relatively autonomous and hence relatively independent , even in its dependence , of the ‘ times ’ of the other levels … each of these peculiar histories is punctuated with peculiar rhythms and can only be known on condition that we have defined the concept of the specificity of its historical temporality and its punctuations ( continuous development , revolutions , breaks , [and so on] . )

For such times are not even necessarily the obvious ones , ‘ the visible sequences of events recorded by the chronicler ’ , they may be invisible , ‘ a complex ‘ intersection ’ of … different times , rhythms , turnovers , etc .
for such times are not even necessarily the obvious ones , ‘ the visible sequences of events recorded by the chronicler ’ , they may be invisible , ‘ a complex ‘ intersection ’ of … different times , rhythms , turnovers , [and so on] .

If the Althusserian mode of production is made up of differential times and histories , ‘ a complex ‘ intersection ’ of the different times , rhythms , turnovers , etc .
if the althusserian mode of production is made up of differential times and histories , ‘ a complex ‘ intersection ’ of the different times , rhythms , turnovers , [and so on] .

Althusser 's entire , and necessary , critique of the ‘ Hegelian ’ concept of history and of the notion of an expressive totality , etc .
althusser 's entire , and necessary , critique of the ‘ hegelian ’ concept of history and of the notion of an expressive totality , [and so on] .

, rate support ) grant to Counties and County Boroughs , to cover losses on the rates and total losses on grants , including payments towards the salaries of medical officers of health , public vaccinators etc .
, rate support ) grant to counties and county boroughs , to cover losses on the rates and total losses on grants , including payments towards the salaries of medical officers of health , public vaccinators [and so on] .

The bathroom was equipped with a 20-gallon boiler , bath tubs , three flannel gowns and ‘ a ducking-chair with pulleys etc .
the bathroom was equipped with a 20-gallon boiler , bath tubs , three flannel gowns and ‘ a ducking-chair with pulleys [and so on] .

This is an acceptable risk up to a point , but remember that Mobs do n't attack chariots , characters on their own , war machines , or units of Trolls , Snotlings , Black Orcs , etc .
this is an acceptable risk up to a point , but remember that mobs do n't attack chariots , characters on their own , war machines , or units of trolls , snotlings , black orcs , [and so on] .

Note that the target must be an infantry or cavalry Mob of the kind that has to take an Animosity test itself — not a chariot , war engine , etc and not a Mob that is already engaged with the enemy .
note that the target must be an infantry or cavalry mob of the kind that has to take an animosity test itself — not a chariot , war engine , [and so on] and not a mob that is already engaged with the enemy .

Note that the target must be an infantry or cavalry Mob of the kind that has to take an Animosity test itself , not a chariot , war engine etc , and not a Mob which is already engaged against the enemy .
note that the target must be an infantry or cavalry mob of the kind that has to take an animosity test itself , not a chariot , war engine [and so on] , and not a mob which is already engaged against the enemy .

Your army also contains troops which are good at pinning or delaying the enemy , for example large Goblin units , Fanatics , pump wagons , Snotlings , etc .
your army also contains troops which are good at pinning or delaying the enemy , for example large goblin units , fanatics , pump wagons , snotlings , [and so on] .

They can therefore land directly on top of models , in the middle of a unit , etc .
they can therefore land directly on top of models , in the middle of a unit , [and so on] .

Each Squig Hopper moves and fights as an individual model and as such they never have champions , standards , musicians , etc .
each squig hopper moves and fights as an individual model and as such they never have champions , standards , musicians , [and so on] .

It follows , therefore , that alongside the encouraging innovations briefly mentioned , there must be school policies for achieving satisfactory standards of handwriting , spelling , grammar and punctuation , etc .
it follows , therefore , that alongside the encouraging innovations briefly mentioned , there must be school policies for achieving satisfactory standards of handwriting , spelling , grammar and punctuation , [and so on] .

She presents a vague definition of feminism 's final goal as ‘ Sexual freedom , love , etc ’ ( 1971 : 271 ) .
she presents a vague definition of feminism 's final goal as ‘ sexual freedom , love , [and so on] ’ ( 1971 : 271 ) .

‘ In common with previous studies of ethnic minorities in Britain , it proved difficult to find a suitable sampling frame … Electoral registers , street directories , etc .
‘ in common with previous studies of ethnic minorities in britain , it proved difficult to find a suitable sampling frame … electoral registers , street directories , [and so on] .

Each group is matched in every possible way : species , age , health , etc .
each group is matched in every possible way : species , age , health , [and so on] .

The head of each household , which includes people who are in charge of residential homes , hotels , etc .
the head of each household , which includes people who are in charge of residential homes , hotels , [and so on] .

It 's far more likely that you will get the spells you are looking for if you select them from say the Amethyst or the Jade college rather than choosing one from Jade , one from Bright , one from Amethyst etc .
it 's far more likely that you will get the spells you are looking for if you select them from say the amethyst or the jade college rather than choosing one from jade , one from bright , one from amethyst [and so on] .

In brief , Shawcross suggests that the means of modern mass communication bombard us continually with images and information about world events and specifically about natural and man-made disasters , for example , wars , famines , floods , etc .
in brief , shawcross suggests that the means of modern mass communication bombard us continually with images and information about world events and specifically about natural and man-made disasters , for example , wars , famines , floods , [and so on] .

The cumulative effect of the ‘ up-market bias ’ and the consequent conformity which seeps downwards , is to orient the press towards one section of the community ( the wealthy and comfortable middle classes ) and away from another ( women , blacks , the poor , etc . )
the cumulative effect of the ‘ up-market bias ’ and the consequent conformity which seeps downwards , is to orient the press towards one section of the community ( the wealthy and comfortable middle classes ) and away from another ( women , blacks , the poor , [and so on] . )

To argue , therefore , that changes in newspapers — in their content , style , readership , etc .
to argue , therefore , that changes in newspapers — in their content , style , readership , [and so on] .

Investments ( stocks and shares , property , family business ) building society etc . )
investments ( stocks and shares , property , family business ) building society [and so on] . )

Lighting and other energy etc .
lighting and other energy [and so on] .

Newspapers/books entertaining etc . )
newspapers/books entertaining [and so on] . )

Many felt that possibly as a result of Big Bang more people generally were changing jobs , and the mining conglomerate questioned wrote that : ‘ we have had to review salaries etc .
many felt that possibly as a result of big bang more people generally were changing jobs , and the mining conglomerate questioned wrote that : ‘ we have had to review salaries [and so on] .

As Roth ( 1974 ) points out , the notion that only professions have subcultures is negated by the ‘ distinct and pervasive patterns of occupational life ’ found amongst dockers , seamen , miners , etc .
as roth ( 1974 ) points out , the notion that only professions have subcultures is negated by the ‘ distinct and pervasive patterns of occupational life ’ found amongst dockers , seamen , miners , [and so on] .

It is useful , tentatively , to distinguish two elements in Quine 's thinking here : his commitment to naturalism and rejection of the need for epistemology to exercise ‘ scruples about circularity ’ ; and his list of acceptable sciences , which excludes all of the social and human sciences , cognitive psychology , etc .
it is useful , tentatively , to distinguish two elements in quine 's thinking here : his commitment to naturalism and rejection of the need for epistemology to exercise ‘ scruples about circularity ’ ; and his list of acceptable sciences , which excludes all of the social and human sciences , cognitive psychology , [and so on] .

In proposing hypotheses , people are guided by knowledge of past failures , by analogies with theories that have been successful in handling related subject matters ; Peirce 's ‘ affinity ’ between mind and nature is an allusion to something which is required to explain the speed of the growth of knowledge ; and testing theories is an intentional activity which appeals to general cognitive aims — to describe reality , anticipate experience , solve problems , produce elegant and simple formalisms , etc .
in proposing hypotheses , people are guided by knowledge of past failures , by analogies with theories that have been successful in handling related subject matters ; peirce 's ‘ affinity ’ between mind and nature is an allusion to something which is required to explain the speed of the growth of knowledge ; and testing theories is an intentional activity which appeals to general cognitive aims — to describe reality , anticipate experience , solve problems , produce elegant and simple formalisms , [and so on] .

booty as having the occasion meaning ( via suitably diagnosed Gricean intentions etc . )
booty as having the occasion meaning ( via suitably diagnosed gricean intentions [and so on] . )

The language faculty is closely tied up , both conceptually and empirically , to other cognitive faculties such as silent foresight , planning , anticipation , reasoned fear , etc .
the language faculty is closely tied up , both conceptually and empirically , to other cognitive faculties such as silent foresight , planning , anticipation , reasoned fear , [and so on] .

An initial objection against any easy identification of such a privacy with consciousness is that , when driving , say , the highest level commands to turn the car , keep the accelerator depressed , etc .
an initial objection against any easy identification of such a privacy with consciousness is that , when driving , say , the highest level commands to turn the car , keep the accelerator depressed , [and so on] .

For example , economic practice contains raw materials , individual men , tools , etc .
for example , economic practice contains raw materials , individual men , tools , [and so on] .

The first are conditions within Russia , such as large-scale exploitation in cities , suburbs , mining districts , etc .
the first are conditions within russia , such as large-scale exploitation in cities , suburbs , mining districts , [and so on] .

Althusser is emphatic that the means of production are just as essential to the fashioning of theoretical products as to something like shoemaking , which plainly requires leather , tools , etc .
althusser is emphatic that the means of production are just as essential to the fashioning of theoretical products as to something like shoemaking , which plainly requires leather , tools , [and so on] .

This is not to deny that individuals are able to think , that they have ideas , build theories , etc .
this is not to deny that individuals are able to think , that they have ideas , build theories , [and so on] .

For rather than being the locus of action , choice , etc .
for rather than being the locus of action , choice , [and so on] .

To return to the case of the labour aristocracy , even when its position is out of line with its structural determination , ‘ this structural determination … is necessarily reflected in working-class practices ( ‘ class instinct ’ as Lenin used to say ) — practices that can always be discerned beneath its bourgeois ‘ discourse ’ , etc ’ .
to return to the case of the labour aristocracy , even when its position is out of line with its structural determination , ‘ this structural determination … is necessarily reflected in working-class practices ( ‘ class instinct ’ as lenin used to say ) — practices that can always be discerned beneath its bourgeois ‘ discourse ’ , [and so on] ’ .

This does not just mean ‘ frequent ’ : exceptions are perceived as ‘ odd ’ , but are not necessarily disapproved of , sanctioned , etc .
this does not just mean ‘ frequent ’ : exceptions are perceived as ‘ odd ’ , but are not necessarily disapproved of , sanctioned , [and so on] .

Rights are thought of as things which are possessed , enjoyed , exercised , yielded up , foregone , etc .
rights are thought of as things which are possessed , enjoyed , exercised , yielded up , foregone , [and so on] .

Contains dried fruit and 5g of Spirulina — a rich natural source of protein , vitamins , minerals , iron etc .
contains dried fruit and 5g of spirulina — a rich natural source of protein , vitamins , minerals , iron [and so on] .

See yourself in Hair d-sign will give you an insight into the ideas and methods of the Hair by Alan d Training School , an introduction to the teachers plus it 's full of invaluable info like how to obtain grants etc .
see yourself in hair d-sign will give you an insight into the ideas and methods of the hair by alan d training school , an introduction to the teachers plus it 's full of invaluable info like how to obtain grants [and so on] .

Can you now describe the kind of person you are as an adult ? What words would you use to describe your emotional characteristics ? Are you outgoing , shy , optimistic , gloomy , etc ? Try and find as many characteristics as possible .
can you now describe the kind of person you are as an adult ? what words would you use to describe your emotional characteristics ? are you outgoing , shy , optimistic , gloomy , [and so on] ? try and find as many characteristics as possible .

Camping/Accommodation etc : Bivouacking below the crag and camping by the Allt a ‘ Mhuilinn .
camping/accommodation [and so on] : bivouacking below the crag and camping by the allt a ‘ mhuilinn .

Hamish has prepared a practical factsheet to the above trek giving the addresses of Aziz and Mohammed , details of maps , etc .
hamish has prepared a practical factsheet to the above trek giving the addresses of aziz and mohammed , details of maps , [and so on] .

It 's a popular misconception that all fleece comes from the USA-based company Malden Mills , who produce the well-known ‘ polar ’ range : Polarquest , Polarlite , Polarplus etc .
it 's a popular misconception that all fleece comes from the usa-based company malden mills , who produce the well-known ‘ polar ’ range : polarquest , polarlite , polarplus [and so on] .

As the hull value of 707s , 727s , DC-8s and their ilk falls , their support costs — engines , systems , airport facilities etc , is not decreasing at the same rate .
as the hull value of 707s , 727s , dc-8s and their ilk falls , their support costs — engines , systems , airport facilities [and so on] , is not decreasing at the same rate .

The course deals with the communication of messages which can require logical thought , creative talent , organizational skills , etc .
the course deals with the communication of messages which can require logical thought , creative talent , organizational skills , [and so on] .

penalty copy ( tables , diagrams , mathematics , etc . ) ;
penalty copy ( tables , diagrams , mathematics , [and so on] . ) ;

, disc and file handling , security , etc . )
, disc and file handling , security , [and so on] . )

The slim-bodied design of the Cut Saw enables it to be used right up to walls or floors , so protruding pipes , etc , can be sawn off almost flush , especially if a slightly flexible blade is used .
the slim-bodied design of the cut saw enables it to be used right up to walls or floors , so protruding pipes , [and so on] , can be sawn off almost flush , especially if a slightly flexible blade is used .

The range includes Chemical Metal , for use on earthenware , terracotta , concrete , marble , stone , etc .
the range includes chemical metal , for use on earthenware , terracotta , concrete , marble , stone , [and so on] .

Such motivations took students to colleges throughout the world to learn military science , railway engineering , medicine , etc .
such motivations took students to colleges throughout the world to learn military science , railway engineering , medicine , [and so on] .

Thus techniques such as troff 's setting of global variables to represent current point-size , etc .
thus techniques such as troff 's setting of global variables to represent current point-size , [and so on] .

Properties include fonts , colours , etc .
properties include fonts , colours , [and so on] .

Thus Guide has replacements , buttons , enquiries , etc .
thus guide has replacements , buttons , enquiries , [and so on] .

Thus readers are aware that Guide supports fonts ( etc . )
thus readers are aware that guide supports fonts ( [and so on] . )

Authors have special menus to create , delete , etc .
authors have special menus to create , delete , [and so on] .

You can take the part of anyone in the family or involved in it ( eg father , mother , family doctor etc ) .
you can take the part of anyone in the family or involved in it ( eg father , mother , family doctor [and so on] ) .

Keith will play with Amy but woe betide her if she does not hand him toys , her food etc .
keith will play with amy but woe betide her if she does not hand him toys , her food [and so on] .

Refer the family to … ( social services , child guidance , child psychiatric service etc ) .
refer the family to … ( social services , child guidance , child psychiatric service [and so on] ) .

Keep them to objective statements and re-remind them not to speculate on subjective reasons like ‘ emotional rejection ’ , ‘ lack of love ’ , etc .
keep them to objective statements and re-remind them not to speculate on subjective reasons like ‘ emotional rejection ’ , ‘ lack of love ’ , [and so on] .

( a ) — ( e ) John empties cupboards upstairs , etc ( lines 12–14 ) .
( a ) — ( e ) john empties cupboards upstairs , [and so on] ( lines 12–14 ) .

The parents felt that continuing with the full formal intervention ( recording , reward menu , reminders during the day , etc ) was not necessary .
the parents felt that continuing with the full formal intervention ( recording , reward menu , reminders during the day , [and so on] ) was not necessary .

Keith will play with Amy but woe betide her if she does not hand him toys , her food etc .
keith will play with amy but woe betide her if she does not hand him toys , her food [and so on] .

Also , try Boots ' range of healthy sandwiches , low-fat crisps etc .
also , try boots ' range of healthy sandwiches , low-fat crisps [and so on] .

In a severe edit of the facts , then , the approximate sequence goes something like this : Late-Fifties/early-Sixties — dance crazes like the Twist , Fly , Locomotion , Swim etc .
in a severe edit of the facts , then , the approximate sequence goes something like this : late-fifties/early-sixties — dance crazes like the twist , fly , locomotion , swim [and so on] .

Key tracks — ‘ Searching ’ by Change and ‘ Is It All Over My Face ’ by Loose Joints — followed by D-Train , the Peech Boys , Raw Silk , Sharon Redd , Arts & Craft , Dinosaur Lip , Rockers Revenge , Visual , Sinnamon , Gwen Guthrie , etc .
key tracks — ‘ searching ’ by change and ‘ is it all over my face ’ by loose joints — followed by d-train , the peech boys , raw silk , sharon redd , arts & craft , dinosaur lip , rockers revenge , visual , sinnamon , gwen guthrie , [and so on] .

Now , from the outset , consciousness or self-interpretation , etc. must conversely be taken into account as contributory factors in existence in the situation , etc .
now , from the outset , consciousness or self-interpretation , etc. must conversely be taken into account as contributory factors in existence in the situation , [and so on] .

the economic dialectic is never active in the pure state ; in History , these instances , the superstructures , etc .
the economic dialectic is never active in the pure state ; in history , these instances , the superstructures , [and so on] .

As the body is laid bare of garments so it is covered with barriers to nudity such as ‘ exoticism ’ in the form of furs , fans , feathers , etc . Although the clothes and adornments shed through the striptease are signifiers of luxury , legend or romance , their erotic significance is actually separated from the woman :
as the body is laid bare of garments so it is covered with barriers to nudity such as ‘ exoticism ’ in the form of furs , fans , feathers , [and so on] . although the clothes and adornments shed through the striptease are signifiers of luxury , legend or romance , their erotic significance is actually separated from the woman :

Often this seems to involve a contradiction of an accepted meaning ( the striptease as non-erotic , the jet-man as having gone beyond speed , wrestling as more to do with Commedia dell'Arte than sport , etc . )
often this seems to involve a contradiction of an accepted meaning ( the striptease as non-erotic , the jet-man as having gone beyond speed , wrestling as more to do with commedia dell'arte than sport , [and so on] . )

Following Pierce , Eco recognizes the problem of ‘ unlimited semiosis ’ , that is that every ‘ meaning ’ proposed for a representation is itself a representation that has a meaning , etc .
following pierce , eco recognizes the problem of ‘ unlimited semiosis ’ , that is that every ‘ meaning ’ proposed for a representation is itself a representation that has a meaning , [and so on] .

The presumption was that there were certain universals of social organization , functions that could be recognized in a variety of cultural forms ; myths , kinship orders , etc .
the presumption was that there were certain universals of social organization , functions that could be recognized in a variety of cultural forms ; myths , kinship orders , [and so on] .

If we add the £100 for the tank onto this then it does not take a genius to realise that there is not much left of the £250 budget , especially if we allow for adds-and-ends such as airline , non-return valves to protect the pump , a stick-on thermometer etc .
if we add the £100 for the tank onto this then it does not take a genius to realise that there is not much left of the £250 budget , especially if we allow for adds-and-ends such as airline , non-return valves to protect the pump , a stick-on thermometer [and so on] .

Suitable rock-dwellers include Julidochromis , small Neolamprologus ( brichardi , buescheri , leleupi etc . )
suitable rock-dwellers include julidochromis , small neolamprologus ( brichardi , buescheri , leleupi [and so on] . )

This is something that can not be taken for granted , as with the best will in the World , even the most expert goldfish keeper will suffer equipment failures etc .
this is something that can not be taken for granted , as with the best will in the world , even the most expert goldfish keeper will suffer equipment failures [and so on] .

If the fish gets worse , then action appropriate to the causative agent suspected is appropriate , be it fungus , bacteria , fluke , protozoan , crustacean etc .
if the fish gets worse , then action appropriate to the causative agent suspected is appropriate , be it fungus , bacteria , fluke , protozoan , crustacean [and so on] .

Arranged into convenient sections that deal with equipment , accessories , technique , composition , air-to-air , museum , selling , research etc , it gives a reasonable overview into the art of taking aircraft pictures , a difficult art at the best of times .
arranged into convenient sections that deal with equipment , accessories , technique , composition , air-to-air , museum , selling , research [and so on] , it gives a reasonable overview into the art of taking aircraft pictures , a difficult art at the best of times .

Various criteria have been used to define the ‘ public interest ’ , including the effect on competition , potential efficiency gains , employment implications , the effect on the regions etc .
various criteria have been used to define the ‘ public interest ’ , including the effect on competition , potential efficiency gains , employment implications , the effect on the regions [and so on] .

Knowing that it was a basic railway practice to use detonators in foggy conditions to protect signals , etc , and as the sound they emitted carried some distance , the men awaited the series of bangs that would herald the presence of a train .
knowing that it was a basic railway practice to use detonators in foggy conditions to protect signals , [and so on] , and as the sound they emitted carried some distance , the men awaited the series of bangs that would herald the presence of a train .

Then his next train was belled and he accepted it into his section , setting the signals etc .
then his next train was belled and he accepted it into his section , setting the signals [and so on] .

So far , The Magic Flute appears to fit neatly into the Viennese Singspiel tradition , with its emphasis on simple music , and dramatic effects ( monsters , choruses of dancing slaves , etc . )
so far , the magic flute appears to fit neatly into the viennese singspiel tradition , with its emphasis on simple music , and dramatic effects ( monsters , choruses of dancing slaves , [and so on] . )

In her attempt to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , Selvini Palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .
in her attempt to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , selvini palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , [and so on] .

Certainly , the counsellor should be able to discuss sensitively such topics as sexual feelings and need , masturbation , oral sex , etc .
certainly , the counsellor should be able to discuss sensitively such topics as sexual feelings and need , masturbation , oral sex , [and so on] .

He discovered that many studies had found small but statistically significant correlations between life events which had forced individuals to alter their life-style , such as bereavement , loss of job , etc .
he discovered that many studies had found small but statistically significant correlations between life events which had forced individuals to alter their life-style , such as bereavement , loss of job , [and so on] .

This process occurs readily in the healthy gut : the products of digestion ( monosaccharides , amino acids , fatty acids , glycerol , etc . )
this process occurs readily in the healthy gut : the products of digestion ( monosaccharides , amino acids , fatty acids , glycerol , [and so on] . )

Until quite recently it seemed quite certain ( from estimates of stars ' masses , interstellar dust , etc . )
until quite recently it seemed quite certain ( from estimates of stars ' masses , interstellar dust , [and so on] . )

Are there predominant characteristics among senior people/stars ? ( They may he almost entirely male , from a certain class/background , super salespeople , conservative , outgoing etc . )
are there predominant characteristics among senior people/stars ? ( they may he almost entirely male , from a certain class/background , super salespeople , conservative , outgoing [and so on] . )

There is a rebuttable presumption that the highway includes everything between the fence or boundary wall etc .
there is a rebuttable presumption that the highway includes everything between the fence or boundary wall [and so on] .

But this is so only where the fence etc .
but this is so only where the fence [and so on] .

It is very unlikely , although not unknown , that the defendant will deny being present etc , at the time of the offence .
it is very unlikely , although not unknown , that the defendant will deny being present [and so on] , at the time of the offence .

Excuses based on weather conditions , visibility and the condition of the road surface etc .
excuses based on weather conditions , visibility and the condition of the road surface [and so on] .

Evidence of speed at the time of the offence can be established from the length of skid marks , the severity of any impact damage or from witnesses etc .
evidence of speed at the time of the offence can be established from the length of skid marks , the severity of any impact damage or from witnesses [and so on] .

This point can best be proved by a police officer who observes some actual unnecessary obstruction of the road causing other road users inconvenience , delay , or complete blockage of the road etc .
this point can best be proved by a police officer who observes some actual unnecessary obstruction of the road causing other road users inconvenience , delay , or complete blockage of the road [and so on] .

Examples to show the difference from unnecessary obstruction include leaving a vehicle around a blind bend , or just over a humped-back bridge etc .
examples to show the difference from unnecessary obstruction include leaving a vehicle around a blind bend , or just over a humped-back bridge [and so on] .

Therefore trees , crops , lamp-posts , traffic signs , walls etc .
therefore trees , crops , lamp-posts , traffic signs , walls [and so on] .

‘ being the driver ’ This point will be proved by a witness seeing the defendant driving away etc .
‘ being the driver ’ this point will be proved by a witness seeing the defendant driving away [and so on] .

Where the only evidence available is that of one party against the other , or a wife giving evidence for her husband , or an employee giving evidence for the employer etc .
where the only evidence available is that of one party against the other , or a wife giving evidence for her husband , or an employee giving evidence for the employer [and so on] .

‘ Cause ’ can be proved by questions and answers or by instructions written on a job-sheet etc .
‘ cause ’ can be proved by questions and answers or by instructions written on a job-sheet [and so on] .

‘ That you ’ Means the person using or permitting the use of the motor vehicle i.e. identify the driver etc .
‘ that you ’ means the person using or permitting the use of the motor vehicle i.e. identify the driver [and so on] .

The Motor Vehicles ( Tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .
the motor vehicles ( tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles [and so on] .

‘ a mechanically propelled vehicle , namely a … ’ Means propelled by petrol , oil , steam or electric etc .
‘ a mechanically propelled vehicle , namely a … ’ means propelled by petrol , oil , steam or electric [and so on] .

whether any washers were fitted ; if fitted , whether there was any fluid in the reservoir ; or whether the jets were correctly adjusted etc .
whether any washers were fitted ; if fitted , whether there was any fluid in the reservoir ; or whether the jets were correctly adjusted [and so on] .

In a small number of cases the defendant will have deliberately driven without a licence because he ca n't pass a test ; he is a visitor to Britain and because he has been granted leave to stay , he now requires a licence etc .
in a small number of cases the defendant will have deliberately driven without a licence because he ca n't pass a test ; he is a visitor to britain and because he has been granted leave to stay , he now requires a licence [and so on] .

The learner can not argue that he was being correctly supervised by someone standing on the footpath or in radio contact with him etc .
the learner can not argue that he was being correctly supervised by someone standing on the footpath or in radio contact with him [and so on] .

Occasionally he will be accompanied by a ‘ qualified driver ’ but because such person was asleep , drunk or poorly etc .
occasionally he will be accompanied by a ‘ qualified driver ’ but because such person was asleep , drunk or poorly [and so on] .

The supervisor can aid and abet the earner to drive while over the prescribed limit etc .
the supervisor can aid and abet the earner to drive while over the prescribed limit [and so on] .

Together with this evidence must be the proof that the passenger was not licensed for that class of vehicle etc .
together with this evidence must be the proof that the passenger was not licensed for that class of vehicle [and so on] .

‘ or was likely to be caused to persons in or on that vehicle ( or trailer ) or on a road ’ 'Likely to be caused' means potentially dangerous such as sharp edges jutting out from the body of a motor vehicle ; a loose driver 's seat which could cause loss of control of the car ; projecting wheel wing nuts or mudguards that could strike a pedestrian ; and a loose rear bumper that might fall off and cause an accident etc .
‘ or was likely to be caused to persons in or on that vehicle ( or trailer ) or on a road ’ 'likely to be caused' means potentially dangerous such as sharp edges jutting out from the body of a motor vehicle ; a loose driver 's seat which could cause loss of control of the car ; projecting wheel wing nuts or mudguards that could strike a pedestrian ; and a loose rear bumper that might fall off and cause an accident [and so on] .

‘ The front nearside wing was badly corroded … etc .
‘ the front nearside wing was badly corroded … [and so on] .

‘ Not maintained ’ usually includes worn , seized or rusted parts etc .
‘ not maintained ’ usually includes worn , seized or rusted parts [and so on] .

and ‘ not properly adjusted ’ includes stretched cables or inoperative self-adjusting ratchets on drum brakes etc .
and ‘ not properly adjusted ’ includes stretched cables or inoperative self-adjusting ratchets on drum brakes [and so on] .

Obviously defective parts such as broken brake cable , leaking hydraulic fluid , or a handbrake that wo n't catch on its ratchet etc .
obviously defective parts such as broken brake cable , leaking hydraulic fluid , or a handbrake that wo n't catch on its ratchet [and so on] .

The point means that the switch , the motor or the arms or blades were defective or missing etc .
the point means that the switch , the motor or the arms or blades were defective or missing [and so on] .

‘ That you , Means the identity of the person using the motor vehicle etc .
‘ that you , means the identity of the person using the motor vehicle [and so on] .

This offence can be considered where a hole appears in the side of the silencer etc .
this offence can be considered where a hole appears in the side of the silencer [and so on] .

, as some doubt exists whether the gases have passed ‘ through ’ the silencer etc .
, as some doubt exists whether the gases have passed ‘ through ’ the silencer [and so on] .

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person using the motor vehicle etc .
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person using the motor vehicle [and so on] .

‘ without the engine being stopped ’ This point can be proved by the observations of the officer dealing , namely , ‘ The engine was running , ignition key switched on , exhaust fumes coming from exhaust pipe ’ etc .
‘ without the engine being stopped ’ this point can be proved by the observations of the officer dealing , namely , ‘ the engine was running , ignition key switched on , exhaust fumes coming from exhaust pipe ’ [and so on] .

This point can be proved by pushing the vehicle along the road to show there was no braking effect ; by things speaking for themselves where the unattended vehicle runs away , down hill ; and by observing the handbrake lever in the off position etc .
this point can be proved by pushing the vehicle along the road to show there was no braking effect ; by things speaking for themselves where the unattended vehicle runs away , down hill ; and by observing the handbrake lever in the off position [and so on] .

If fitted it has got to work sufficiently well to warn other road users of its approach etc .
if fitted it has got to work sufficiently well to warn other road users of its approach [and so on] .

Therefore horns with loose wires where the sound emitted is not continuous and reliable or where the sound is too soft , etc .
therefore horns with loose wires where the sound emitted is not continuous and reliable or where the sound is too soft , [and so on] .

‘ being a person on foot ’ Means walking or running etc .
‘ being a person on foot ’ means walking or running [and so on] .

as opposed to being carried in or on a vehicle or riding a horse etc .
as opposed to being carried in or on a vehicle or riding a horse [and so on] .

Some courts accept the officer 's word and some refer to almanacs etc .
some courts accept the officer 's word and some refer to almanacs [and so on] .

‘ Vehicular traffic light signal ’ is defined as follows : ‘ Three lights shall be used , one red , one amber and one green … the lamp showing the amber light shall be capable of showing a steady light or a flashing light such that it flashes at a rate of not less than 70 nor more than 90 flashes per minute etc .
‘ vehicular traffic light signal ’ is defined as follows : ‘ three lights shall be used , one red , one amber and one green … the lamp showing the amber light shall be capable of showing a steady light or a flashing light such that it flashes at a rate of not less than 70 nor more than 90 flashes per minute [and so on] .

This point means that the stop line has been obliterated by mud , snow or rain etc .
this point means that the stop line has been obliterated by mud , snow or rain [and so on] .

Note that the amber light shall convey the prohibition that vehicular traffic shall not proceed beyond the stop line etc .
note that the amber light shall convey the prohibition that vehicular traffic shall not proceed beyond the stop line [and so on] .

According to Regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable etc .
according to regulation 8 ( 2 ) of these regulations a driver has the overall responsibility to proceed with due regard to the safety of other users of the road subject to the direction of any police constable [and so on] .

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person using the motor vehicle etc .
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person using the motor vehicle [and so on] .

‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) This point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .
‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) this point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector [and so on] .

‘ was not clean and in good working order ’ The defect must be described in detail to prove this point , e.g. ‘ Both bulbs were blown in the front obligatory lights and two white lights were not being shown to the front ’ or ‘ The rear nearside reflector was broken and part of it was missing , leaving only about a square centimetre of reflective material ’ etc .
‘ was not clean and in good working order ’ the defect must be described in detail to prove this point , e.g. ‘ both bulbs were blown in the front obligatory lights and two white lights were not being shown to the front ’ or ‘ the rear nearside reflector was broken and part of it was missing , leaving only about a square centimetre of reflective material ’ [and so on] .

Offences such as reckless driving and driving without due care and attention etc .
offences such as reckless driving and driving without due care and attention [and so on] .

Note the offence of making a bomb hoax call etc .
note the offence of making a bomb hoax call [and so on] .

This point includes a person who falsely reports that he knows who is responsible for a particular crime or where stolen property etc .
this point includes a person who falsely reports that he knows who is responsible for a particular crime or where stolen property [and so on] .

‘ use towards another person ’ This phrase means that the threats etc .
‘ use towards another person ’ this phrase means that the threats [and so on] .

In other words , no offence would be committed if another ( s ) was ( or were ) not present who could be abused , insulted or threatened etc .
in other words , no offence would be committed if another ( s ) was ( or were ) not present who could be abused , insulted or threatened [and so on] .

‘ Would be used against him or another by any person ’ means against the victim or the victim 's baby , friend or spouse etc .
‘ would be used against him or another by any person ’ means against the victim or the victim 's baby , friend or spouse [and so on] .

‘ use towards another person ’ This can be proved by a civilian witness or a police officer witnessing the incident and describing in his evidence that the threats etc .
‘ use towards another person ’ this can be proved by a civilian witness or a police officer witnessing the incident and describing in his evidence that the threats [and so on] .

The point means only a likelihood of harassment etc .
the point means only a likelihood of harassment [and so on] .

‘ did wilfully , openly , lewdly and obscenely ’ These terms are proved by a witness stating the penis was exposed openly and not accidently and that it was erect , stiff or swollen etc .
‘ did wilfully , openly , lewdly and obscenely ’ these terms are proved by a witness stating the penis was exposed openly and not accidently and that it was erect , stiff or swollen [and so on] .

The accused may admit the exposure was wilful etc .
the accused may admit the exposure was wilful [and so on] .

‘ expose your person ’ This point is proved by the person(s) to whom the exposure was made , explaining in detail what they saw etc .
‘ expose your person ’ this point is proved by the person(s) to whom the exposure was made , explaining in detail what they saw [and so on] .

telling a woman that her dead husband was having an affair , was homosexual or had a criminal record etc .
telling a woman that her dead husband was having an affair , was homosexual or had a criminal record [and so on] .

Indecent and obscene are usually in the form of heavy breathing , or suggestions or an obscene sexual nature etc .
indecent and obscene are usually in the form of heavy breathing , or suggestions or an obscene sexual nature [and so on] .

Apart from an admission , the prosecution have to rely on catching the offender redhanded by keeping observations on a suspect or by British Telecom tracing a persistent caller when he is actually making a call etc .
apart from an admission , the prosecution have to rely on catching the offender redhanded by keeping observations on a suspect or by british telecom tracing a persistent caller when he is actually making a call [and so on] .

‘ had with you ’ This point is proved by the police officer or other witness stating ‘ He held the dart in his hand ’ or ‘ The knuckleduster was visible sticking out of his jacket pocket ’ , etc .
‘ had with you ’ this point is proved by the police officer or other witness stating ‘ he held the dart in his hand ’ or ‘ the knuckleduster was visible sticking out of his jacket pocket ’ , [and so on] .

‘ That you ’ The identity of the accused can be proved by the evidence of the victim or an admission etc .
‘ that you ’ the identity of the accused can be proved by the evidence of the victim or an admission [and so on] .

‘ for the purpose of prostitution ’ This point must be carefully proved to eliminate any risk of charging an innocent woman who was merely asking the way or for a light etc .
‘ for the purpose of prostitution ’ this point must be carefully proved to eliminate any risk of charging an innocent woman who was merely asking the way or for a light [and so on] .

Fingerprints , fibres of clothing , footprints or gloveprints etc .
fingerprints , fibres of clothing , footprints or gloveprints [and so on] .

giving the property away , selling it , or painting it , etc .
giving the property away , selling it , or painting it , [and so on] .

Autumn again became a glory of mists and mellow fruitfulness etc .
autumn again became a glory of mists and mellow fruitfulness [and so on] .

Verse 2 Tha 's bin a courtin' Mary Jane etc .
verse 2 tha 's bin a courtin' mary jane [and so on] .

Verse 3 Tha 'll go and catch that death o'cold etc .
verse 3 tha 'll go and catch that death o'cold [and so on] .

Verse 4 Then we shall have to bury thee etc .
verse 4 then we shall have to bury thee [and so on] .

Verse 5 Then worms 'll come and eat thee up etc .
verse 5 then worms 'll come and eat thee up [and so on] .

Verse 6 Then ducks 'll come and eat up worms etc .
verse 6 then ducks 'll come and eat up worms [and so on] .

Verse 7 Then we shall come and eat up ducks etc .
verse 7 then we shall come and eat up ducks [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

Within two weeks of the outbreak of war , he had drawn up a ‘ Plan of Campaign for Distribution of Literature , Organisation of Meetings , etc .
within two weeks of the outbreak of war , he had drawn up a ‘ plan of campaign for distribution of literature , organisation of meetings , [and so on] .

For many years nobody saw a dislocation in the flesh , or perhaps ever expected to , but their hypothetical movements ( dislocations of like sign repel each other etc . )
for many years nobody saw a dislocation in the flesh , or perhaps ever expected to , but their hypothetical movements ( dislocations of like sign repel each other [and so on] . )

People ring up about the match they 've just been to and complain or say who they think should be the next England manager , etc .
people ring up about the match they 've just been to and complain or say who they think should be the next england manager , [and so on] .

To her Culkin delivers a Buddha-like speech about being true to your heart , nice to animals and the less fortunate , never crossing on a red light etc , etc .
to her culkin delivers a buddha-like speech about being true to your heart , nice to animals and the less fortunate , never crossing on a red light [and so on] , [and so on] .

Import of palettes , containers etc
import of palettes , containers [and so on]

Having relinquished the Eurogroup chairmanship in 1990 , Michael 's latest cause is the Sea Watch Foundation , an educational charity which monitors cetaceans ( whales , dolphins , etc ) .
having relinquished the eurogroup chairmanship in 1990 , michael 's latest cause is the sea watch foundation , an educational charity which monitors cetaceans ( whales , dolphins , [and so on] ) .

Opus customers have telephone access to technical support ( on-site maintenance is an option ) , while prospective customers can call its pre-support team to talk through their requirements and get advice on system configuration etc .
opus customers have telephone access to technical support ( on-site maintenance is an option ) , while prospective customers can call its pre-support team to talk through their requirements and get advice on system configuration [and so on] .

The proposal is that from 1 August , self-drive hire firms etc should account for tax on a tax-inclusive basis on disposal , so allowing the margin scheme to operate as now .
the proposal is that from 1 august , self-drive hire firms [and so on] should account for tax on a tax-inclusive basis on disposal , so allowing the margin scheme to operate as now .

Quetzacoatl , the Mexican ‘ Plumed Serpent God ’ , instructor of the populace , came accompanied by builders , painters , astronomers , etc .
quetzacoatl , the mexican ‘ plumed serpent god ’ , instructor of the populace , came accompanied by builders , painters , astronomers , [and so on] .

The original love or desire , emotion , etc .
the original love or desire , emotion , [and so on] .

It is used in respect of sacred trees , shrines , etc .
it is used in respect of sacred trees , shrines , [and so on] .

The concept of the power inherent in knowledge ensures the sharing of this power and the magical skills to guarantee victory to the warrior , abundance to the herdsman and agriculturist , and fecundity to women , etc .
the concept of the power inherent in knowledge ensures the sharing of this power and the magical skills to guarantee victory to the warrior , abundance to the herdsman and agriculturist , and fecundity to women , [and so on] .

In China , the science of Fung Shui , a method of divination to determine strong positive sites prior to the construction of houses , etc .
in china , the science of fung shui , a method of divination to determine strong positive sites prior to the construction of houses , [and so on] .

Plant down , with natural blood as an adhesive , is often used to form the design ; or ochre ( blood of the earth ) which has always been intimately associated with ceremonies of fertility , the invocation of rain , etc .
plant down , with natural blood as an adhesive , is often used to form the design ; or ochre ( blood of the earth ) which has always been intimately associated with ceremonies of fertility , the invocation of rain , [and so on] .

The sketches seemed to be of a great age , but over the surface of some of them were drawn in fresher colours smaller and more recent scenes , and rude forms of animals , such as the kangaroo , wallaby , porcupine , crocodile , etc .
the sketches seemed to be of a great age , but over the surface of some of them were drawn in fresher colours smaller and more recent scenes , and rude forms of animals , such as the kangaroo , wallaby , porcupine , crocodile , [and so on] .

Kumbha is a container or pot in which to place generative substances such as water , the source of life , etc .
kumbha is a container or pot in which to place generative substances such as water , the source of life , [and so on] .

The principle may also be instrumental in the transmission of disease to vulnerable receivers along with aggression , negativity , etc .
the principle may also be instrumental in the transmission of disease to vulnerable receivers along with aggression , negativity , [and so on] .

Sound , taste , smell , touch , etc .
sound , taste , smell , touch , [and so on] .

Reason alone insists that there has to exist a non-physical formative cause to provide an appropriate hypothesis , and in view of this realisation by visionaries in the domain of physics , bio-chemistry , biology , neuro science , etc .
reason alone insists that there has to exist a non-physical formative cause to provide an appropriate hypothesis , and in view of this realisation by visionaries in the domain of physics , bio-chemistry , biology , neuro science , [and so on] .

This understanding — central to Eastern medical practice for millennia ( Ayurvedic , Acupuncture , etc . )
this understanding — central to eastern medical practice for millennia ( ayurvedic , acupuncture , [and so on] . )

These forces in turn can react to various pathological processes such as infections , chronic irritants , including smoking , toxic agents , chronic irradiation , nutrients , etc .
these forces in turn can react to various pathological processes such as infections , chronic irritants , including smoking , toxic agents , chronic irradiation , nutrients , [and so on] .

They had six windows each side and the interior arrangement was similar to their predecessors , with long perforated plywood benches , etc .
they had six windows each side and the interior arrangement was similar to their predecessors , with long perforated plywood benches , [and so on] .

Sir , — By and large the services of practising chartered accountants to their clients are about 5% of any real value and 95% conformity to legislation — audit , taxation etc .
sir , — by and large the services of practising chartered accountants to their clients are about 5% of any real value and 95% conformity to legislation — audit , taxation [and so on] .

Activities carried on outside office hours which are accountancy related and therefore similar to daily work — Preparation of club and charity accounts — Providing accountancy or taxation services etc .
activities carried on outside office hours which are accountancy related and therefore similar to daily work — preparation of club and charity accounts — providing accountancy or taxation services [and so on] .

determination etc , and focus on the next race .
determination [and so on] , and focus on the next race .

Take any prescribed drugs with your breakfast and apply the plasters , petroleum jelly etc to help you on your way .
take any prescribed drugs with your breakfast and apply the plasters , petroleum jelly [and so on] to help you on your way .

Vary your daily routes to work etc , so you do n't pass bakers or sweet shops which trigger your cravings .
vary your daily routes to work [and so on] , so you do n't pass bakers or sweet shops which trigger your cravings .

It allows us to set numerous codes for different types of absence , such as dentist 's appointment , doctor etc .
it allows us to set numerous codes for different types of absence , such as dentist 's appointment , doctor [and so on] .

Conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees etc payable ) must not exceed £7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .
conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees [and so on] payable ) must not exceed £7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .

‘ It is no surprise to anyone that at a time of severe recession , investment in fixed assets , cars etc , will be weak , ’ said Geoff Evans , managing director of Forward Asset Finance .
‘ it is no surprise to anyone that at a time of severe recession , investment in fixed assets , cars [and so on] , will be weak , ’ said geoff evans , managing director of forward asset finance .

In addition , individual investors face the extra paperwork of dealing in such shares and the cost of banks etc converting the dividends into sterling and holding the certificates .
in addition , individual investors face the extra paperwork of dealing in such shares and the cost of banks [and so on] converting the dividends into sterling and holding the certificates .

‘ We want to prototype the use of Platinum for consolidation etc , during the forthcoming winter season .
‘ we want to prototype the use of platinum for consolidation [and so on] , during the forthcoming winter season .

Intercal is another Windows-based product which checks interest calculations in any situation where the business user or private individual lends or borrows money — whether from a bank , building society , company etc .
intercal is another windows-based product which checks interest calculations in any situation where the business user or private individual lends or borrows money — whether from a bank , building society , company [and so on] .

The Revenue nowadays liaises closely with the Commission on such matters and , in the absence of any other information , is likely to conclude that the organisation carries on other activities which are not strictly defined as charitable , eg political lobbying and campaigning etc .
the revenue nowadays liaises closely with the commission on such matters and , in the absence of any other information , is likely to conclude that the organisation carries on other activities which are not strictly defined as charitable , eg political lobbying and campaigning [and so on] .

It will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of Mr Hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .
it will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of mr hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm [and so on] .

Suitably fed etc , Mr Bhattacharya has some serious things to say about financial reporting .
suitably fed [and so on] , mr bhattacharya has some serious things to say about financial reporting .

In announcing the change in policy , Customs have defined a holding company 's basic activities as including ‘ acquiring subsidiaries , mounting or defending against take-overs etc ’ .
in announcing the change in policy , customs have defined a holding company 's basic activities as including ‘ acquiring subsidiaries , mounting or defending against take-overs [and so on] ’ .

He had cause to be ; a number of the clergy who compiled the 1801 Returns saw the improving larger farmer as a mixed blessing , likely to be more interested in maximising his profits than in keeping prices reasonable , ‘ the cause of the dearness of Butcher 's meat , cheese , etc .
he had cause to be ; a number of the clergy who compiled the 1801 returns saw the improving larger farmer as a mixed blessing , likely to be more interested in maximising his profits than in keeping prices reasonable , ‘ the cause of the dearness of butcher 's meat , cheese , [and so on] .

etc … .
[and so on] … .

etc .
[and so on] .

worse off after he had paid for ‘ … table linnen , muslin , a piece of Holland , cravats , etc .
worse off after he had paid for ‘ … table linnen , muslin , a piece of holland , cravats , [and so on] .

It is not enough to have a wish to improve the quality of your reports , price lists etc .
it is not enough to have a wish to improve the quality of your reports , price lists [and so on] .

The rise in turnover of electronic security has outstripped the physical side ( guards etc ) and this seems to be a growing pattern .
the rise in turnover of electronic security has outstripped the physical side ( guards [and so on] ) and this seems to be a growing pattern .

Shortly after , he makes correct use of grammatical particles such as ‘ do ’ and , let us say , the whole auxiliary system of English , and does so across the board , that is , in questions , assertions , negations , etc .
shortly after , he makes correct use of grammatical particles such as ‘ do ’ and , let us say , the whole auxiliary system of english , and does so across the board , that is , in questions , assertions , negations , [and so on] .

Wilkins ' proposals , for example , have been widely taken to sanction the teaching of more or less fixed phrases as standard expressions of function ( requesting , inviting , describing , agreeing , disagreeing , etc . )
wilkins ' proposals , for example , have been widely taken to sanction the teaching of more or less fixed phrases as standard expressions of function ( requesting , inviting , describing , agreeing , disagreeing , [and so on] . )

’ etc .
’ [and so on] .

farmer must have killed duckling , etc .
farmer must have killed duckling , [and so on] .

hunter was killed by lion , etc .
hunter was killed by lion , [and so on] .

This is confirmed later when examples of these ‘ certain ’ building materials are provided ( lime mortars and plasters , etc . )
this is confirmed later when examples of these ‘ certain ’ building materials are provided ( lime mortars and plasters , [and so on] . )

The female inmates were mainly employed in a domestic capacity as cleaners , cooks , etc .
the female inmates were mainly employed in a domestic capacity as cleaners , cooks , [and so on] .

Though this distinction could be abused , at this precise moment it helped to clarify two sets of problems the Council would have to deal with : internal questions ( nature of the Church , worship , ecumenism , etc . )
though this distinction could be abused , at this precise moment it helped to clarify two sets of problems the council would have to deal with : internal questions ( nature of the church , worship , ecumenism , [and so on] . )

, and external questions ( war , peace , birth control , hunger , etc . )
, and external questions ( war , peace , birth control , hunger , [and so on] . )

They should start with the mystery of the Church , its self-understanding as the sacrament of Christ in the world ; this would lead to a consideration of ‘ roles ’ in the Church-bishop , priest , layperson , religious , etc .
they should start with the mystery of the church , its self-understanding as the sacrament of christ in the world ; this would lead to a consideration of ‘ roles ’ in the church-bishop , priest , layperson , religious , [and so on] .

Behaviour , development , appearance , social role , etc .
behaviour , development , appearance , social role , [and so on] .

Bring up all your little highlight tones , etc .
bring up all your little highlight tones , [and so on] .

middle-class , values ( religion , sobriety , hard work , etc . )
middle-class , values ( religion , sobriety , hard work , [and so on] . )

The scene caused quite a stir , and although there were threats about grants being withdrawn etc .
the scene caused quite a stir , and although there were threats about grants being withdrawn [and so on] .

In her terms , there was a plot by — whatever one might wish to call them — Marxists , Communists , Humanists , Libertarians , etc .
in her terms , there was a plot by — whatever one might wish to call them — marxists , communists , humanists , libertarians , [and so on] .

The second section of the Bill enacted other parts of the Wolfenden proposals by increasing the penalties liable for offences under the new law , such as loitering , soliciting , keeping or managing a brothel , or living on the earnings of prostitution , etc .
the second section of the bill enacted other parts of the wolfenden proposals by increasing the penalties liable for offences under the new law , such as loitering , soliciting , keeping or managing a brothel , or living on the earnings of prostitution , [and so on] .

euthanasia , suicide , attempted suicide , abortion , incest between brother and sister , etc .
euthanasia , suicide , attempted suicide , abortion , incest between brother and sister , [and so on] .

The only argument for your policy is that the West also did nothing to interrupt the transports to , or the operations in , Auschwitz , Treblinka , etc .
the only argument for your policy is that the west also did nothing to interrupt the transports to , or the operations in , auschwitz , treblinka , [and so on] .

For others who went through distress , over and over again the concrete feelings behind the abstraction of ‘ shock ’ have to do , not with newly existent beings whom one does n't know , but with existing people in one 's life — partners , family , etc .
for others who went through distress , over and over again the concrete feelings behind the abstraction of ‘ shock ’ have to do , not with newly existent beings whom one does n't know , but with existing people in one 's life — partners , family , [and so on] .

First , the head went through the school report , details of birth , address , etc .
first , the head went through the school report , details of birth , address , [and so on] .

What Lord Airlie , the Lord Chamberlain , actually said on 11 February when announcing the areas on which the Queen was now going to pay tax , was that the income-raising activities relating to the collection — sales of tickets , catalogues , souvenirs etc — are to be put into a trust to reflect the fact that these activities are used exclusively to maintain the Collection .
what lord airlie , the lord chamberlain , actually said on 11 february when announcing the areas on which the queen was now going to pay tax , was that the income-raising activities relating to the collection — sales of tickets , catalogues , souvenirs [and so on] — are to be put into a trust to reflect the fact that these activities are used exclusively to maintain the collection .

Their quality seems to be exhausted by the ‘ conditions of their production ’ , which suggests they are simply impressions of heat , etc .
their quality seems to be exhausted by the ‘ conditions of their production ’ , which suggests they are simply impressions of heat , [and so on] .

And look on the feelings , etc .
and look on the feelings , [and so on] .

This sentence distinguishes between , say , saying it as an example of a sentence , or on the stage , etc .
this sentence distinguishes between , say , saying it as an example of a sentence , or on the stage , [and so on] .

In the face of this major obstacle , the miscellany of other decrees — no archdeaconries to be farmed out , no priests to attend drinking-parties , no benefices to be sold , no monks to be godfathers , male hair-cuts to leave ears visible , sodomites to be excommunicated , etc .
in the face of this major obstacle , the miscellany of other decrees — no archdeaconries to be farmed out , no priests to attend drinking-parties , no benefices to be sold , no monks to be godfathers , male hair-cuts to leave ears visible , sodomites to be excommunicated , [and so on] .

The understanding of the pragmatic limitations and constraints of each given context — accessibility , surface- and sub-surface conditions , load-bearing capacities , etc .
the understanding of the pragmatic limitations and constraints of each given context — accessibility , surface- and sub-surface conditions , load-bearing capacities , [and so on] .

It is the logic of towers , dams , silos , bridges , skyscrapers , tunnels , etc .
it is the logic of towers , dams , silos , bridges , skyscrapers , tunnels , [and so on] .

Arguing against the project , the independent scholar Cesare d'Onofrio has pointed out that ‘ the proposed creation of an archaeological park would involve excavating down five to six metres below the present level and the creation of an immense basin stretching from the edge of Piazza Venezia and engulfing whole areas of the city up to the Porta Appia and beyond , embracing in its metal fences and walls not only the Forums , the Colosseum , the Domus Aurea , the Oppian and Coelian hills , the Circus Maximus etc .
arguing against the project , the independent scholar cesare d'onofrio has pointed out that ‘ the proposed creation of an archaeological park would involve excavating down five to six metres below the present level and the creation of an immense basin stretching from the edge of piazza venezia and engulfing whole areas of the city up to the porta appia and beyond , embracing in its metal fences and walls not only the forums , the colosseum , the domus aurea , the oppian and coelian hills , the circus maximus [and so on] .

Derek Jarman 's rather lame kitsch efforts ( roses , angels , Union Jacks , bare breasts , walls of fire etc ) prove beyond a doubt that not only can art fart , the result is anything but silent and very deadly .
derek jarman 's rather lame kitsch efforts ( roses , angels , union jacks , bare breasts , walls of fire [and so on] ) prove beyond a doubt that not only can art fart , the result is anything but silent and very deadly .

Formatwise , Hooker has stuck rigidly to the formula that turned ‘ The Healer ’ into a Grammy-grabber , with a miscellany of guests — in this instance Vaughan , John Hammond , Robert Cray , Charlie Musselwhite , Albert Collins etc — effectively fitting into selected niches while producer Roy Rogers creates an aura that , while allowing Hooker to be his usual minimalistic down-homey self , provides an urgency guaranteed to have the rock generation continuing to hang on the 72-year-old 's every ‘ uh uh ’ .
formatwise , hooker has stuck rigidly to the formula that turned ‘ the healer ’ into a grammy-grabber , with a miscellany of guests — in this instance vaughan , john hammond , robert cray , charlie musselwhite , albert collins [and so on] — effectively fitting into selected niches while producer roy rogers creates an aura that , while allowing hooker to be his usual minimalistic down-homey self , provides an urgency guaranteed to have the rock generation continuing to hang on the 72-year-old 's every ‘ uh uh ’ .

The Orb have taken the underground music of previous decades ( Floyd , Tangerine Dream , Can , etc ) and welded it with the fall-out of dance culture to come up with something very strange and potent .
the orb have taken the underground music of previous decades ( floyd , tangerine dream , can , [and so on] ) and welded it with the fall-out of dance culture to come up with something very strange and potent .

Yo ! Prof ! Radical ! Etc !
yo ! prof ! radical ! [and so on] !

if you want to be a student you 'll need some exam passes ( a-levels or G.C.S.E.s ) or to be a member of the Royal family … conversely you do n't need any academic qualifications to be a Royal ( see Phillip , Prince ) Di , Lady etc .
if you want to be a student you 'll need some exam passes ( a-levels or g.c.s.e.s ) or to be a member of the royal family … conversely you do n't need any academic qualifications to be a royal ( see phillip , prince ) di , lady [and so on] .

Fellow students will be traumatised etc .
fellow students will be traumatised [and so on] .

Gone early to hunt for tent , etc .
gone early to hunt for tent , [and so on] .

For various reasons — business , injury , examinations etc .
for various reasons — business , injury , examinations [and so on] .

In an attempt to rid the game of endless scrums , pushover tries etc .
in an attempt to rid the game of endless scrums , pushover tries [and so on] .

The qualifying rounds , which have been played on a regional basis — Asia , Americas , Africa , Europe etc .
the qualifying rounds , which have been played on a regional basis — asia , americas , africa , europe [and so on] .

Perhaps visiting New Zealand , Australia , France , Japan etc .
perhaps visiting new zealand , australia , france , japan [and so on] .

‘ At the end of 1990 , in December , we called together all rankings from 100 to 200 … Delaitre , Boetsch , Pioline etc .
‘ at the end of 1990 , in december , we called together all rankings from 100 to 200 … delaitre , boetsch , pioline [and so on] .

Fares are £90 Premier Class , £55 First Class and £45 Standard Class with a £5 reduction for juniors etc .
fares are £90 premier class , £55 first class and £45 standard class with a £5 reduction for juniors [and so on] .

Warner Brothers did n't like the idea because of litigation etc .
warner brothers did n't like the idea because of litigation [and so on] .

‘ The Wig ’ , available in , believe it or not , a ‘ Syrup Mix ’ ( Wig — syrup of figs — Non-Cockney Ed ) as well as a straightforward ragga version and an appealing ‘ Chaos Mix ’ , is the latest in a long line of sizzlers ( ‘ Heat ’ , ‘ Dem No Wicked Like Me ’ , ‘ Breeze ’ etc ) from General Levy , who is probably Britain 's best reggae-rapper .
‘ the wig ’ , available in , believe it or not , a ‘ syrup mix ’ ( wig — syrup of figs — non-cockney ed ) as well as a straightforward ragga version and an appealing ‘ chaos mix ’ , is the latest in a long line of sizzlers ( ‘ heat ’ , ‘ dem no wicked like me ’ , ‘ breeze ’ [and so on] ) from general levy , who is probably britain 's best reggae-rapper .

These changes gave museums the right to retain what they earned , to privatise some of their services such as restaurants , publishing etc , and also gave them responsibility for the maintenance of their buildings .
these changes gave museums the right to retain what they earned , to privatise some of their services such as restaurants , publishing [and so on] , and also gave them responsibility for the maintenance of their buildings .

But all these things that we have been discussing — rediscoveries in the history of art , changes in taste , etc — all this makes me wonder .
but all these things that we have been discussing — rediscoveries in the history of art , changes in taste , [and so on] — all this makes me wonder .

Take out the book itself and you find a stylish , plain sky-blue rough paper jacket , tastefully printed with title , etc .
take out the book itself and you find a stylish , plain sky-blue rough paper jacket , tastefully printed with title , [and so on] .

It sets out the order in which talks are to be held , the nature of these talks , the powers of the parties involved , the level of discussions etc .
it sets out the order in which talks are to be held , the nature of these talks , the powers of the parties involved , the level of discussions [and so on] .

There is some historic evidence to suggest that it included about 800 titles , among which some so important that they have tantalised historians ever since : works by Cicero , Tacitus , the Greek historian Polybius , the playwright Aristophanes etc .
there is some historic evidence to suggest that it included about 800 titles , among which some so important that they have tantalised historians ever since : works by cicero , tacitus , the greek historian polybius , the playwright aristophanes [and so on] .

During this time , one senior auction house official noted that ‘ Each house has promised the heirs so much : advances , separate hard-bound catalogue , etc , that no matter which auction house gets it , it is bound to lose money on the sale ’ .
during this time , one senior auction house official noted that ‘ each house has promised the heirs so much : advances , separate hard-bound catalogue , [and so on] , that no matter which auction house gets it , it is bound to lose money on the sale ’ .

The six rooms on the main floor of the Academy will be devoted to : innovations in composition in the second half of the eighteenth century , through to the early work of Cotman and Girtin , with an emphasis on the importance of Alexander Cozens ; topography , spanning the entire chronological period from the Sandby brothers to Lear ; naturalism , including watercolour sketches , observations of nature , still-lifes , animal studies etc .
the six rooms on the main floor of the academy will be devoted to : innovations in composition in the second half of the eighteenth century , through to the early work of cotman and girtin , with an emphasis on the importance of alexander cozens ; topography , spanning the entire chronological period from the sandby brothers to lear ; naturalism , including watercolour sketches , observations of nature , still-lifes , animal studies [and so on] .

Among many other floatplane types , Beech 18s , Beavers , Otters , Cessnas etc that operate from Red Lake , the Norseman still plays a vital role .
among many other floatplane types , beech 18s , beavers , otters , cessnas [and so on] that operate from red lake , the norseman still plays a vital role .

‘ We were n't used to such targets , as prior to this it was such things as ball bearing plants , aircraft factories , Berlin etc .
‘ we were n't used to such targets , as prior to this it was such things as ball bearing plants , aircraft factories , berlin [and so on] .

The climb starts from Several Species etc , moves right onto the overhang , passes a chockstone and continues to a pod , then follows a groove to the final roof .
the climb starts from several species [and so on] , moves right onto the overhang , passes a chockstone and continues to a pod , then follows a groove to the final roof .

The particular areas covered in each case can be found in the relevant guidebooks or on notices posted at access points , car parks etc .
the particular areas covered in each case can be found in the relevant guidebooks or on notices posted at access points , car parks [and so on] .

The stories not only cover major events in recent months — the Gulf war , summit conferences , etc — but also concentrate on issues of ongoing interest and importance , such as threats to the environment .
the stories not only cover major events in recent months — the gulf war , summit conferences , [and so on] — but also concentrate on issues of ongoing interest and importance , such as threats to the environment .

Intonation and sentence stress — This section looks at the most common intonation patterns and problems in English , and gives students practice in the intonation used , for instance , in making polite requests , showing interest , disagreeing politely etc .
intonation and sentence stress — this section looks at the most common intonation patterns and problems in english , and gives students practice in the intonation used , for instance , in making polite requests , showing interest , disagreeing politely [and so on] .

Two books of puzzles which will motivate children beginning to learn English to practise a range of language used for making guesses , agreeing and disagreeing , deciding , etc .
two books of puzzles which will motivate children beginning to learn english to practise a range of language used for making guesses , agreeing and disagreeing , deciding , [and so on] .

Imperial Japanese ‘ popular names ’ were generally based upon the world of nature ( eg Baika — Plum Blossom , Seiku — Clear Sky , Hayabusa — Peregrine Falcon etc ) .
imperial japanese ‘ popular names ’ were generally based upon the world of nature ( eg baika — plum blossom , seiku — clear sky , hayabusa — peregrine falcon [and so on] ) .

One of the main aims during conservation was to restore to original condition of all areas of the aircraft that were visible , including the interior structure underneath access panels , undercarriage bays , stowage areas etc .
one of the main aims during conservation was to restore to original condition of all areas of the aircraft that were visible , including the interior structure underneath access panels , undercarriage bays , stowage areas [and so on] .

The canister lid is removed and the canister filled with media — choose the media for back-up filtration — siporax , ceramics , gravel etc ; or for emergency chemical filtration — charcoal or zeolite .
the canister lid is removed and the canister filled with media — choose the media for back-up filtration — siporax , ceramics , gravel [and so on] ; or for emergency chemical filtration — charcoal or zeolite .

Clean rocks , plastic plants , etc in a bucket of warm water with a cupful of household bleach .
clean rocks , plastic plants , [and so on] in a bucket of warm water with a cupful of household bleach .

What are their requirements , water , food , tankmates etc ?
what are their requirements , water , food , tankmates [and so on] ?

Feed foodsticks , earthworms , and most meaty foods , and vegetable matter such as apple , lettuce etc .
feed foodsticks , earthworms , and most meaty foods , and vegetable matter such as apple , lettuce [and so on] .

Limestone , marble , and tufa are largely calcium carbonate which will make the water hard and alkaline , which would be fine for Rift Valley Cichlids , but not for community fish such as tetras , danios , gouramis etc .
limestone , marble , and tufa are largely calcium carbonate which will make the water hard and alkaline , which would be fine for rift valley cichlids , but not for community fish such as tetras , danios , gouramis [and so on] .

Ask for non-calcareous , or lime-free rock , or for granite , etc by name .
ask for non-calcareous , or lime-free rock , or for granite , [and so on] by name .

Calcium soluble mineral found in limestone etc , which makes water unsuitable for most fish .
calcium soluble mineral found in limestone [and so on] , which makes water unsuitable for most fish .

Wash well in tap water , removing any deposits or growths of algae , lichens etc .
wash well in tap water , removing any deposits or growths of algae , lichens [and so on] .

While a barred fish is inconspicuous against a striped , mottled , or blotched background such as vegetation , stones , roots etc , or areas of light and shade , a white , yellow , or orange fish will stand out as a sitting target for any passing predator .
while a barred fish is inconspicuous against a striped , mottled , or blotched background such as vegetation , stones , roots [and so on] , or areas of light and shade , a white , yellow , or orange fish will stand out as a sitting target for any passing predator .

Fishkeepers should always bear in mind that the majority of their fish have over the period of evolution become adapted to live in a certain environment — sea , river , swamp , lake , etc … each with its own specific limits of water chemistry and quality .
fishkeepers should always bear in mind that the majority of their fish have over the period of evolution become adapted to live in a certain environment — sea , river , swamp , lake , [and so on] … each with its own specific limits of water chemistry and quality .

Check for any potential pests , such as Water Tigers , Dragonfly larvae , etc .
check for any potential pests , such as water tigers , dragonfly larvae , [and so on] .

handshape , movement etc . )
handshape , movement [and so on] . )

‘ he did this , then he went there , then this happened ’ etc . )
‘ he did this , then he went there , then this happened ’ [and so on] . )

the continue develops from signed Danish , Swedish , English and so on to Danish Sign Language , Swedish Sign Language , British Sign Language etc .
the continue develops from signed danish , swedish , english and so on to danish sign language , swedish sign language , british sign language [and so on] .

It has grooved mdf jaws which open to 160mm ; ideal for holding timber , pipes , etc .
it has grooved mdf jaws which open to 160mm ; ideal for holding timber , pipes , [and so on] .

It 's often associated with large-scale traditional patterns used in Victorian times , but there 's a wide range of smaller-scale geometrics , as well as textures , some of which imitate natural materials like grasscloth , tree bark , woven material , etc .
it 's often associated with large-scale traditional patterns used in victorian times , but there 's a wide range of smaller-scale geometrics , as well as textures , some of which imitate natural materials like grasscloth , tree bark , woven material , [and so on] .

Or try the other option : practise your painting techniques on offcut samples of textured Anaglyptas or relief papers ( which imitate grasscloth , etc ) .
or try the other option : practise your painting techniques on offcut samples of textured anaglyptas or relief papers ( which imitate grasscloth , [and so on] ) .

An essential item for a comprehensive tool kit , the Multi-Check has dozens of uses , including checking batteries fuses , appliances , circuits ( ac and dc ) , cables , flexes , car electrics , power tools , toys , radios , etc .
an essential item for a comprehensive tool kit , the multi-check has dozens of uses , including checking batteries fuses , appliances , circuits ( ac and dc ) , cables , flexes , car electrics , power tools , toys , radios , [and so on] .

Also supplied as standard is a nylon webbing harness , and a collection bag for leaves and loose grit etc , which are sucked through the plastic nozzle when in its vacuuming mode .
also supplied as standard is a nylon webbing harness , and a collection bag for leaves and loose grit [and so on] , which are sucked through the plastic nozzle when in its vacuuming mode .

When undertaking any sizeable d-i-y project , a large number of documents of awkward shapes and sizes accumulate , involves , bills , instructions , letters , etc .
when undertaking any sizeable d-i-y project , a large number of documents of awkward shapes and sizes accumulate , involves , bills , instructions , letters , [and so on] .

Place a length of board , well supported on bricks , etc , along the front edge of the step , to support the repair .
place a length of board , well supported on bricks , [and so on] , along the front edge of the step , to support the repair .

In developing countries there are many contrasts in that high technology ( airlines , nuclear power , information systems ; etc . )
in developing countries there are many contrasts in that high technology ( airlines , nuclear power , information systems ; [and so on] . )

Cold climates are said to affect blacks adversely because of their body fat deficiencies , weak ankles would account for the lack of black hockey players , etc .
cold climates are said to affect blacks adversely because of their body fat deficiencies , weak ankles would account for the lack of black hockey players , [and so on] .

Not only does it discredit the emphasis on ‘ partnership ’ between Central Government and the faith communities which has been highlighted by the recent establishment of the Inner Cities Religious Council ( and re-emphasised at the meetings which you attended in Bradford on May 21st and Kirklees on October 27th ) but it also means that church and other faith communities will be less likely to play their full part in the implementation of other aspects of Government policy such as the forthcoming Community Care changes which will require the use of local premises , volunteers etc .
not only does it discredit the emphasis on ‘ partnership ’ between central government and the faith communities which has been highlighted by the recent establishment of the inner cities religious council ( and re-emphasised at the meetings which you attended in bradford on may 21st and kirklees on october 27th ) but it also means that church and other faith communities will be less likely to play their full part in the implementation of other aspects of government policy such as the forthcoming community care changes which will require the use of local premises , volunteers [and so on] .

The more social cohesion was rendered problematic by the existence of cleavages in relation to ethnicity , language etc .
the more social cohesion was rendered problematic by the existence of cleavages in relation to ethnicity , language [and so on] .

The contrast between work experience schemes and informal work experience lies in the fact that the latter is taken by employers as evidence of initiative , an interest in earning money and the ability to sustain regular work discipline ( getting up early , etc . )
the contrast between work experience schemes and informal work experience lies in the fact that the latter is taken by employers as evidence of initiative , an interest in earning money and the ability to sustain regular work discipline ( getting up early , [and so on] . )

etc .
[and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Girls ' subject choices , their lack of competition with boys , their restricted career choices , etc .
girls ' subject choices , their lack of competition with boys , their restricted career choices , [and so on] .

In contrast , the issue of separate provision is suggested by anti-sexist policies , which might prioritize the creation of girls-only classes , women-run support groups , assertiveness training , etc .
in contrast , the issue of separate provision is suggested by anti-sexist policies , which might prioritize the creation of girls-only classes , women-run support groups , assertiveness training , [and so on] .

They still have personal jewellery ( rings , neck-chains , etc . )
they still have personal jewellery ( rings , neck-chains , [and so on] . )

Examining the desk , papers , etc .
examining the desk , papers , [and so on] .

It looks slightly different each time the adventurers walk along it — slightly longer , shorter , thinner , lower ceiling height , etc — but it always terminates in a door which gives access to location 7a When the adventurers have entered 7a , the door behind them disappears .
it looks slightly different each time the adventurers walk along it — slightly longer , shorter , thinner , lower ceiling height , [and so on] — but it always terminates in a door which gives access to location 7a when the adventurers have entered 7a , the door behind them disappears .

Rooms 34–43 are guest bedroom suites , mostly the same , with furnishings as one would expect ( bed , chaise longue , chairs , table , dresser , etc . )
rooms 34–43 are guest bedroom suites , mostly the same , with furnishings as one would expect ( bed , chaise longue , chairs , table , dresser , [and so on] . )

If they offer a brief story of their exploits against Chaos and Evil , with some supporting evidence ( eg , if they have the bones belonging to a Ghost which they have offered to bury in hallowed ground , if they have Lermontov 's Grimoire , etc ) , Thadeus stops to listen .
if they offer a brief story of their exploits against chaos and evil , with some supporting evidence ( eg , if they have the bones belonging to a ghost which they have offered to bury in hallowed ground , if they have lermontov 's grimoire , [and so on] ) , thadeus stops to listen .

Only when he has drained ( killed ) a victim will he attack more logically ( with spells , etc . )
only when he has drained ( killed ) a victim will he attack more logically ( with spells , [and so on] . )

‘ The Master ’ ( Constant Drachenfels himself ) is away for a while , and the adventurers have to pose as friends or messengers , etc .
‘ the master ’ ( constant drachenfels himself ) is away for a while , and the adventurers have to pose as friends or messengers , [and so on] .

Inside this chest is a delicate glass globe packed with Yellow Mould spores , and if the chest is tipped up , broken into , etc .
inside this chest is a delicate glass globe packed with yellow mould spores , and if the chest is tipped up , broken into , [and so on] .

Remember that a character with one hand holding a wand ca n't cast spells , use a shield , etc .
remember that a character with one hand holding a wand ca n't cast spells , use a shield , [and so on] .

, fear effects have caused people to be rooted to the spot , they 're trying to talk to the Ghost , etc ) then the spirit is a dangerous opponent .
, fear effects have caused people to be rooted to the spot , they 're trying to talk to the ghost , [and so on] ) then the spirit is a dangerous opponent .

Conversely , in the case of the metalworking industry in all these five countries the main body is exclusively an employers ' association , since the great diversity and heterogeneous product range of the industry ( basic steel , cars , electrical equipment , etc . )
conversely , in the case of the metalworking industry in all these five countries the main body is exclusively an employers ' association , since the great diversity and heterogeneous product range of the industry ( basic steel , cars , electrical equipment , [and so on] . )

It will effectively clean paint roller sleeves , hammer in or extract mails or tacks , remove grout , putty , etc , and it can also be used as a filling knife , and as an emergency screwdriver .
it will effectively clean paint roller sleeves , hammer in or extract mails or tacks , remove grout , putty , [and so on] , and it can also be used as a filling knife , and as an emergency screwdriver .

Left and below : If you like the effect of gravel , but do n't want it sticking to your boots on wet days , lay ‘ stepping stones ’ or brick , paving , etc , in concrete at regular intervals .
left and below : if you like the effect of gravel , but do n't want it sticking to your boots on wet days , lay ‘ stepping stones ’ or brick , paving , [and so on] , in concrete at regular intervals .

Small cobbles will form just about any pattern you want : tight curves , circles , squares , etc — modern ones are flatter and kinder to your feet
small cobbles will form just about any pattern you want : tight curves , circles , squares , [and so on] — modern ones are flatter and kinder to your feet

Have you ever calculated the value of the tools , implements , cycles , etc that are kept in your garage or shed ? The danger of their being stolen if often not appreciated , and stolen tools are seldom recovered .
have you ever calculated the value of the tools , implements , cycles , [and so on] that are kept in your garage or shed ? the danger of their being stolen if often not appreciated , and stolen tools are seldom recovered .

For instance , garage floor paints are made to withstand the suction and abrasive effects of tyres , as well as being resistant to oil , etc .
for instance , garage floor paints are made to withstand the suction and abrasive effects of tyres , as well as being resistant to oil , [and so on] .

They should only be used on paths , etc , or to clear a derelict patch of ground that you want to clear a derelict patch of ground that you want to clear but not replant for some time .
they should only be used on paths , [and so on] , or to clear a derelict patch of ground that you want to clear a derelict patch of ground that you want to clear but not replant for some time .

Wherever possible , re-use water that 's been used for washing vegetables , not-too dirty dishes , bathwater , rinse cycle of washing machine , etc ( again , only on outdoor plants ) .
wherever possible , re-use water that 's been used for washing vegetables , not-too dirty dishes , bathwater , rinse cycle of washing machine , [and so on] ( again , only on outdoor plants ) .

To understand modernity , then , involves an investigation of modern ideologies and methodologies — in science , theology , philosophy , literature , etc .
to understand modernity , then , involves an investigation of modern ideologies and methodologies — in science , theology , philosophy , literature , [and so on] .

These men and women always belong to and are made sense of only as a part of the collective — the race , the nation , the state , the republic , the class , etc .
these men and women always belong to and are made sense of only as a part of the collective — the race , the nation , the state , the republic , the class , [and so on] .

It is precisely because so many of us experience the world of work , government , the military , multinational corporations , etc .
it is precisely because so many of us experience the world of work , government , the military , multinational corporations , [and so on] .

For example , they can do more when they can produce written language because they can write to people who are far away , or to institutions , government departments , newspapers etc .
for example , they can do more when they can produce written language because they can write to people who are far away , or to institutions , government departments , newspapers [and so on] .

Standard English should form an important part of the teaching of knowledge about language : its historical , geographical and social distribution and the uses to which it is put ( in different countries , in different areas of society , in print and in the mass media , etc . )
standard english should form an important part of the teaching of knowledge about language : its historical , geographical and social distribution and the uses to which it is put ( in different countries , in different areas of society , in print and in the mass media , [and so on] . )

Role-play may often be appropriate : in drama , or in media work ( for example in producing news programmes ) , but also in class panel discussions , debates , etc .
role-play may often be appropriate : in drama , or in media work ( for example in producing news programmes ) , but also in class panel discussions , debates , [and so on] .

Pupils should be able to take the roles in which spoken Standard English is conventional : radio presenter , interviewer , expert in front of lay audience , etc .
pupils should be able to take the roles in which spoken standard english is conventional : radio presenter , interviewer , expert in front of lay audience , [and so on] .

When talking about terminology there is a tendency to focus on terms such as noun , verb , etc .
when talking about terminology there is a tendency to focus on terms such as noun , verb , [and so on] .

, and on isolated features of surface structure ( punctuation , the apostrophe , spelling of individual words , etc . )
, and on isolated features of surface structure ( punctuation , the apostrophe , spelling of individual words , [and so on] . )

letter , full stop , sentence , etc . )
letter , full stop , sentence , [and so on] . )

presupposition , genre , creole , etc . )
presupposition , genre , creole , [and so on] . )

the structure of ( written ) texts : paragraph , sentence , phrase , topic sentence , cohesion , reference , heading , sub-heading , etc .
the structure of ( written ) texts : paragraph , sentence , phrase , topic sentence , cohesion , reference , heading , sub-heading , [and so on] .

describe , report , summarise , explain , request , instruct , argue , etc .
describe , report , summarise , explain , request , instruct , argue , [and so on] .

for different speech events : e.g. conversation , lecture , discussion , narrative , report , etc .
for different speech events : e.g. conversation , lecture , discussion , narrative , report , [and so on] .

for different kinds of meaning , direct or indirect : inference , presupposition , connotation , referential v. emotive meaning , irony , etc .
for different kinds of meaning , direct or indirect : inference , presupposition , connotation , referential v. emotive meaning , irony , [and so on] .

Many of the terms proposed above are relevant to discussing the features of poems and prose from a literary point of view , and English teachers have many other terms at their disposal for discussing genre , stylistic effects , etc .
many of the terms proposed above are relevant to discussing the features of poems and prose from a literary point of view , and english teachers have many other terms at their disposal for discussing genre , stylistic effects , [and so on] .

for aspects of literary texts : genre , point of view , irony , metaphor , simile , etc. ; plot , character , setting , denouement , etc. ; alliteration , rhyme , stress , rhythm , metre , etc .
for aspects of literary texts : genre , point of view , irony , metaphor , simile , etc. ; plot , character , setting , denouement , etc. ; alliteration , rhyme , stress , rhythm , metre , [and so on] .

There is no reason why any description of grammar should avoid terms such as : noun , verb , adjective , etc .
there is no reason why any description of grammar should avoid terms such as : noun , verb , adjective , [and so on] .

; word , sentence , paragraph , text , etc .
; word , sentence , paragraph , text , [and so on] .

So chronological sequence may be marked by next , after , that , subsequently , etc .
so chronological sequence may be marked by next , after , that , subsequently , [and so on] .

; cause-and-effect relationships can be expressed by so , therefore , accordingly , consequently , etc .
; cause-and-effect relationships can be expressed by so , therefore , accordingly , consequently , [and so on] .

; simultaneous actions can be joined by while or as ; additive relationships can be indicated by also , in addition , furthermore , moreover , etc .
; simultaneous actions can be joined by while or as ; additive relationships can be indicated by also , in addition , furthermore , moreover , [and so on] .

Comparative study ( of different languages , dialects , styles , etc . )
comparative study ( of different languages , dialects , styles , [and so on] . )

( a ) Language variation according to situation , purpose , language mode , regional or social group , etc .
( a ) language variation according to situation , purpose , language mode , regional or social group , [and so on] .

These include selection ( of information , viewpoint , etc . )
these include selection ( of information , viewpoint , [and so on] . )

, editing , author , audience , medium , genre , stereotype , etc .
, editing , author , audience , medium , genre , stereotype , [and so on] .

help in the production and reception of written language for different audiences ( e.g. by using desk top publishing , spelling checkers , thesaurus , etc . ) ;
help in the production and reception of written language for different audiences ( e.g. by using desk top publishing , spelling checkers , thesaurus , [and so on] . ) ;

Work on knowledge about language should involve discussion of matters such as sexist language ; styles of interaction in social groups ( see below ) ; how hidden messages about social groups ( such as teenagers or older people ) which are conveyed by advertising etc .
work on knowledge about language should involve discussion of matters such as sexist language ; styles of interaction in social groups ( see below ) ; how hidden messages about social groups ( such as teenagers or older people ) which are conveyed by advertising [and so on] .

Members of the Commission who have been involved with Cafod 's Latin America Campaign , would like to share their enthusiasm and resources with any parish , womens group , ecumenical group , youth group , senior citizens group etc , who would like to learn a little more about Latin America .
members of the commission who have been involved with cafod 's latin america campaign , would like to share their enthusiasm and resources with any parish , womens group , ecumenical group , youth group , senior citizens group [and so on] , who would like to learn a little more about latin america .

Trips , etc .
trips , [and so on] .

We stayed in Nairobi for ten days , working with a Kenyan street evangelist , doing dramas etc .
we stayed in nairobi for ten days , working with a kenyan street evangelist , doing dramas [and so on] .

It intends to use its contacts with architects , builders , joiners , electricians etc to provide a building and hopefully also assist in raising income for the first few years ' running costs .
it intends to use its contacts with architects , builders , joiners , electricians [and so on] to provide a building and hopefully also assist in raising income for the first few years ' running costs .

Missionary societies and church denominations are involved not only in church planting but also in giving advice and assistance in such fields as Education and Health Care , etc .
missionary societies and church denominations are involved not only in church planting but also in giving advice and assistance in such fields as education and health care , [and so on] .

Bank credit card ( Access , Barclaycard , Trustcard ) Flexible credit facility up to an agreed limit averaging £400 ) , for cash loans or credit purchases from the 100,000-plus shops etc .
bank credit card ( access , barclaycard , trustcard ) flexible credit facility up to an agreed limit averaging £400 ) , for cash loans or credit purchases from the 100,000-plus shops [and so on] .

Taking all recent purchases into account , credit now finances about two-thirds of cars and over half of domestic appliances , TVs , stereos etc .
taking all recent purchases into account , credit now finances about two-thirds of cars and over half of domestic appliances , tvs , stereos [and so on] .

Camping/accommodation etc : The Count House Climber 's Club Hut is ideally sited above the cliff and accommodation can be pre-booked by affiliated clubs .
camping/accommodation [and so on] : the count house climber 's club hut is ideally sited above the cliff and accommodation can be pre-booked by affiliated clubs .

But new techniques were needed to find landing points for assault craft and ships , for not only minor craft and major craft ( LCTs etc ) would be put ashore but also Landing Ships Tank ( LSTs ) of over 300 feet ( 90+m ) weighing 4,080 short tons would beach .
but new techniques were needed to find landing points for assault craft and ships , for not only minor craft and major craft ( lcts [and so on] ) would be put ashore but also landing ships tank ( lsts ) of over 300 feet ( 90+m ) weighing 4,080 short tons would beach .

Above : An unusual ‘ porthole ’ feature window is included in the selection of archway kits from Oakhill . Made up of solid pine architrave sections , inner plywood lengths which form the soffit , and supporting cross-members ( left ) , they can be varnished to match existing skirting boards etc , ( below )
above : an unusual ‘ porthole ’ feature window is included in the selection of archway kits from oakhill . made up of solid pine architrave sections , inner plywood lengths which form the soffit , and supporting cross-members ( left ) , they can be varnished to match existing skirting boards [and so on] , ( below )

Alternatively , all moulding sections can be stained , finished , etc , before cutting
alternatively , all moulding sections can be stained , finished , [and so on] , before cutting

Look out for the logo , above , in supermarkets , banks , libraries , etc , on leaflets describing how you can cut energy consumption , and on products which can help .
look out for the logo , above , in supermarkets , banks , libraries , [and so on] , on leaflets describing how you can cut energy consumption , and on products which can help .

Other uses include removing Artex , lifting vinyl floor tiles , killing weeds and sterilising soil , etc .
other uses include removing artex , lifting vinyl floor tiles , killing weeds and sterilising soil , [and so on] .

As they are used single-handed , they make it easier to dead-head flowers , prune shrubs , cut up chicken for the barbecue , and shape materials like leather , canvas , etc , for craftwork .
as they are used single-handed , they make it easier to dead-head flowers , prune shrubs , cut up chicken for the barbecue , and shape materials like leather , canvas , [and so on] , for craftwork .

All are strong and made to high-quality standards , and provide a useful means of securing valuables such as workshops , tool sheds , tool boxes , etc .
all are strong and made to high-quality standards , and provide a useful means of securing valuables such as workshops , tool sheds , tool boxes , [and so on] .

Master locksmiths can make duplicates of most keys — including those for cars , safes , padlocks , etc .
master locksmiths can make duplicates of most keys — including those for cars , safes , padlocks , [and so on] .

Ecclesiastes 3:1–8 well illustrates their way of thinking , ‘ There is a time for everything , a time for every occupation under heaven : a time for giving birth , dying , planting , killing , healing , knocking down , building , etc .
ecclesiastes 3:1–8 well illustrates their way of thinking , ‘ there is a time for everything , a time for every occupation under heaven : a time for giving birth , dying , planting , killing , healing , knocking down , building , [and so on] .

‘ Culture is an integrated system of beliefs ( about God or reality or ultimate meanings ) , of values ( about what is true , good , beautiful and normative ) , of customs ( how to behave , relate to others , talk , pray , dress , work , trade , farm , eat , etc . )
‘ culture is an integrated system of beliefs ( about god or reality or ultimate meanings ) , of values ( about what is true , good , beautiful and normative ) , of customs ( how to behave , relate to others , talk , pray , dress , work , trade , farm , eat , [and so on] . )

, and of institutions which express these beliefs , values and customs ( government , law courts , temples or churches , family , school , hospitals , factories , shops , unions , clubs , etc . )
, and of institutions which express these beliefs , values and customs ( government , law courts , temples or churches , family , school , hospitals , factories , shops , unions , clubs , [and so on] . )

Accidents ; danger from natural sources , such as animals , storms , landfall etc .
accidents ; danger from natural sources , such as animals , storms , landfall [and so on] .

Moving house ; preliminary and formal procedures , packing , redecorating etc .
moving house ; preliminary and formal procedures , packing , redecorating [and so on] .

With them came a small retinue of mainland filing clerks , bodyguards , etc .
with them came a small retinue of mainland filing clerks , bodyguards , [and so on] .

Paint : a pigment ground into a vehicle for application by brush etc .
paint : a pigment ground into a vehicle for application by brush [and so on] .

Given that the purpose of the video is to provide a resource for language learning and teaching , any decisions concerning presentation , acting , editing , etc will be taken so as to give precedence to this educative purpose .
given that the purpose of the video is to provide a resource for language learning and teaching , any decisions concerning presentation , acting , editing , [and so on] will be taken so as to give precedence to this educative purpose .

Given that the purpose of the video is to provide a resource for language learning and teaching , any decisions concerning presentation , acting , editing , etc will be taken so as to give precedence to this educative purpose .
given that the purpose of the video is to provide a resource for language learning and teaching , any decisions concerning presentation , acting , editing , [and so on] will be taken so as to give precedence to this educative purpose .

Given that the purpose of the video is to provide a resource for language learning and teaching , any decisions concerning presentation , acting , editing , etc will be taken so as to give precedence to this educative purpose .
given that the purpose of the video is to provide a resource for language learning and teaching , any decisions concerning presentation , acting , editing , [and so on] will be taken so as to give precedence to this educative purpose .

These men have no industrial history and owe their presence there to men like Will Thorne , Jack Jones , etc .
these men have no industrial history and owe their presence there to men like will thorne , jack jones , [and so on] .

That in view of the many matters of vital interest to the Cooperative Movement , such as the excess profits duty , the threatened income tax on dividends , the state control of wheat , sugar , coal , etc .
that in view of the many matters of vital interest to the cooperative movement , such as the excess profits duty , the threatened income tax on dividends , the state control of wheat , sugar , coal , [and so on] .

The bibliographer Lowndes , over a hundred years ago , categorically listed eight different title-pages for the first edition of Milton 's Paradise Lost , pointing out such differences as large or small italic capitals for the poet 's name ; in one case the use of his initials only-groups of stars between words , or none ; with or without fleur-de-lis ornaments , etc .
the bibliographer lowndes , over a hundred years ago , categorically listed eight different title-pages for the first edition of milton 's paradise lost , pointing out such differences as large or small italic capitals for the poet 's name ; in one case the use of his initials only-groups of stars between words , or none ; with or without fleur-de-lis ornaments , [and so on] .

Such printer 's inscriptions form a study in themselves , varying greatly in length and detail and often being attractively arranged in the shape of a diamond , a wine or hour-glass , etc .
such printer 's inscriptions form a study in themselves , varying greatly in length and detail and often being attractively arranged in the shape of a diamond , a wine or hour-glass , [and so on] .

Devotees can explore the mysteries of ‘ hard grain ' , ‘ straight grain ' , ‘ levant ’ , ‘ crushed ’ , ‘ turkey ’ , etc .
devotees can explore the mysteries of ‘ hard grain ' , ‘ straight grain ' , ‘ levant ’ , ‘ crushed ’ , ‘ turkey ’ , [and so on] .

Unhappily , too , extended works which have taken much love and toil to compile can be a quarry for the despoiler , who will ruthlessly remove for separate sale topographical prints , autograph letters , etc .
unhappily , too , extended works which have taken much love and toil to compile can be a quarry for the despoiler , who will ruthlessly remove for separate sale topographical prints , autograph letters , [and so on] .

If the demand holds there can also be second , third , fourth , etc .
if the demand holds there can also be second , third , fourth , [and so on] .

Sometimes the original number of volumes is found to be inconvenient and a work is compressed , and so that we can get ‘ four volumes in two ’ , ‘ eight volumes in four ’ , etc .
sometimes the original number of volumes is found to be inconvenient and a work is compressed , and so that we can get ‘ four volumes in two ’ , ‘ eight volumes in four ’ , [and so on] .

Thereafter confusion set in and , from scenes of events , groups of figures , etc .
thereafter confusion set in and , from scenes of events , groups of figures , [and so on] .

For example , health management problems overlap with social security management , which overlaps with economic management , which overlaps with local government management , which etc .
for example , health management problems overlap with social security management , which overlaps with economic management , which overlaps with local government management , which [and so on] .

He says that both are simple notions or objects without parts , contrasting them in this with the object horse which has parts , ( head , hooves , tail etc ) which can be mentioned in explaining the nature of this object .
he says that both are simple notions or objects without parts , contrasting them in this with the object horse which has parts , ( head , hooves , tail [and so on] ) which can be mentioned in explaining the nature of this object .

The following case is a reflection of the desire for neat classifications — rapist , robber , etc .
the following case is a reflection of the desire for neat classifications — rapist , robber , [and so on] .

Thirty-five ( one-third ) of the visual representations ( photographs , drawings , etc . )
thirty-five ( one-third ) of the visual representations ( photographs , drawings , [and so on] . )

If you have to share , clean the used equipment immediately it was last used , separate the needle , barrel and plunger and clean them in hot tap water and washing up liquid , remove all traces of blood , rinse the works thoroughly with clean water and do the same with any spoons etc .
if you have to share , clean the used equipment immediately it was last used , separate the needle , barrel and plunger and clean them in hot tap water and washing up liquid , remove all traces of blood , rinse the works thoroughly with clean water and do the same with any spoons [and so on] .

Kissing inner thighs , armpits , backs , behind the knees etc .
kissing inner thighs , armpits , backs , behind the knees [and so on] .

Complementary therapies , such as vitamin supplements , meditation etc .
complementary therapies , such as vitamin supplements , meditation [and so on] .

or any infection such as ear-ache , or a cough , etc .
or any infection such as ear-ache , or a cough , [and so on] .

You may also want to know about free condoms and clean needles etc .
you may also want to know about free condoms and clean needles [and so on] .

Many , many thanks to everyone who bought or sold a ticket ! and all those who very kindly donated a prize … You 're brilliant … fantastic … unbelievable … etc
many , many thanks to everyone who bought or sold a ticket ! and all those who very kindly donated a prize … you 're brilliant … fantastic … unbelievable … [and so on]

The criteria for assessment of these proposals would be quality of coaching , facility provision , managerial quality , pastoral care , educational provision etc .
the criteria for assessment of these proposals would be quality of coaching , facility provision , managerial quality , pastoral care , educational provision [and so on] .

The Gwili would be very interested to hear from anyone who may have parts suitable for the carriage such as door handles , windows etc and also a 30 foot underframe .
the gwili would be very interested to hear from anyone who may have parts suitable for the carriage such as door handles , windows [and so on] and also a 30 foot underframe .

Recommendations for training visually handicapped pupils to use any sight that they have as effectively as possible should be given , as should training in the use of low vision aids ( magnifiers , etc . )
recommendations for training visually handicapped pupils to use any sight that they have as effectively as possible should be given , as should training in the use of low vision aids ( magnifiers , [and so on] . )

Some idea as to the value of the tournament , not only to Key Biscayne but also to the City of Miami , can be gauged from the fact that the tournament alone books 8,000 bed nights in local hotels for players etc , officials and media .
some idea as to the value of the tournament , not only to key biscayne but also to the city of miami , can be gauged from the fact that the tournament alone books 8,000 bed nights in local hotels for players [and so on] , officials and media .

First , how conflict permeates and shapes human interaction and social organization , and second , how the idea of conflict helps elucidate the genesis , escalation , de-escalation , and consequences of combat , violent confrontation , wars , etc .
first , how conflict permeates and shapes human interaction and social organization , and second , how the idea of conflict helps elucidate the genesis , escalation , de-escalation , and consequences of combat , violent confrontation , wars , [and so on] .

Such appears to be the case among the unstratified , yam-cultivating peoples of Papua New Guinea ( see Strathern , Godelier , etc . )
such appears to be the case among the unstratified , yam-cultivating peoples of papua new guinea ( see strathern , godelier , [and so on] . )

‘ Goodness ’ was shown to be defined primarily in terms of nurturance ( generosity , helping , etc ) , and ‘ badness ’ in terms of behaviours inimical to affiliation , especially fighting and anger ( see Robarchek 1986a ) .
‘ goodness ’ was shown to be defined primarily in terms of nurturance ( generosity , helping , [and so on] ) , and ‘ badness ’ in terms of behaviours inimical to affiliation , especially fighting and anger ( see robarchek 1986a ) .

The word is most often heard in response to an order to do something : fetch firewood , haul water , etc .
the word is most often heard in response to an order to do something : fetch firewood , haul water , [and so on] .

The Malaysian aboriginals are usually classified as non-violent , non-aggressive , peaceful etc .
the malaysian aboriginals are usually classified as non-violent , non-aggressive , peaceful [and so on] .

As fearful , angry , brave , quarrelsome , competitive , kind , generous , cooperative etc .
as fearful , angry , brave , quarrelsome , competitive , kind , generous , cooperative [and so on] .

Ta'kwakomenae ( will , etc . )
ta'kwakomenae ( will , [and so on] . )

John and Polly take great pleasure in making Wellfield House seem like home to their guests and are more than willing to give advice on sight-seeing , walks etc .
john and polly take great pleasure in making wellfield house seem like home to their guests and are more than willing to give advice on sight-seeing , walks [and so on] .

Similar omnibus rates may be used in other trades — groundwork , carpentry and joinery , etc .
similar omnibus rates may be used in other trades — groundwork , carpentry and joinery , [and so on] .

These would normally comprise such materials as cement , sand , aggregate , bricks , blocks , concrete and steel lintels , timber , sheet materials ( plasterboard , plywood , etc . )
these would normally comprise such materials as cement , sand , aggregate , bricks , blocks , concrete and steel lintels , timber , sheet materials ( plasterboard , plywood , [and so on] . )

, windows , doors , joinery , kitchen fittings , roofing and floor tiles , sanitary ware , plumber 's fittings , structural steel work , glass , paint , drainage goods , etc .
, windows , doors , joinery , kitchen fittings , roofing and floor tiles , sanitary ware , plumber 's fittings , structural steel work , glass , paint , drainage goods , [and so on] .

Whichever method is used , certain factors have to be taken into account by the valuer in reaching a decision as to a realistic estimate of site value , such as : Economic factors State of national economy Availability of finance for developer and purchaser Interest rates Supply and demand in locality ( need for accurate market research ) Demographic changes Local employment conditions Proximity and availability of schools , shops , etc .
whichever method is used , certain factors have to be taken into account by the valuer in reaching a decision as to a realistic estimate of site value , such as : economic factors state of national economy availability of finance for developer and purchaser interest rates supply and demand in locality ( need for accurate market research ) demographic changes local employment conditions proximity and availability of schools , shops , [and so on] .

lead works , chemicals , asbestos , etc . )
lead works , chemicals , asbestos , [and so on] . )

Invoices for hired plant , etc .
invoices for hired plant , [and so on] .

Other cost documentation such as wages , certified payments , etc .
other cost documentation such as wages , certified payments , [and so on] .

It is helpful if all orders are coded and , if possible , separate orders are used for different elements , work sections , etc .
it is helpful if all orders are coded and , if possible , separate orders are used for different elements , work sections , [and so on] .

Jews allowed to keep pets ; budgies and puppies , etc .
jews allowed to keep pets ; budgies and puppies , [and so on] .

Clutton Town nine , Athletico none , etc .
clutton town nine , athletico none , [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

Trade associations : many industries have a central organization which may function fairly innocuously , handling public relations at the industry-wide level and organizing conventions , trade fairs , etc .
trade associations : many industries have a central organization which may function fairly innocuously , handling public relations at the industry-wide level and organizing conventions , trade fairs , [and so on] .

You do n't have much choice : cook ( every house has its own cook ) , on the gardens , workroom , works , etc .
you do n't have much choice : cook ( every house has its own cook ) , on the gardens , workroom , works , [and so on] .

For instance , suppose that in criminal law a question consists of a chain of short problems on insanity numbered ( i ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) , etc .
for instance , suppose that in criminal law a question consists of a chain of short problems on insanity numbered ( i ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) , [and so on] .

Use the Cumulative Supplement , etc .
use the cumulative supplement , [and so on] .

Amendments , etc .
amendments , [and so on] .

In addition to his living there will be professional expenses , including rent of chambers , clerk 's commission , secretarial assistance , travel etc .
in addition to his living there will be professional expenses , including rent of chambers , clerk 's commission , secretarial assistance , travel [and so on] .

The legal adviser helps to negotiate the firm 's contracts ( and may have to travel all over the world in order to do so ) , keeps it right on matters of company law and employment law , pilots takeovers , etc .
the legal adviser helps to negotiate the firm 's contracts ( and may have to travel all over the world in order to do so ) , keeps it right on matters of company law and employment law , pilots takeovers , [and so on] .

There are opportunities for foreign travel , as adviser to international conferences , etc .
there are opportunities for foreign travel , as adviser to international conferences , [and so on] .

It suggests that the reader should know what inspired Rimbaud , etc .
it suggests that the reader should know what inspired rimbaud , [and so on] .

if the themes of most of the sentences of a paragraph refer to one semantic field ( say location , parts of some object , wisdom vs chance , etc . )
if the themes of most of the sentences of a paragraph refer to one semantic field ( say location , parts of some object , wisdom vs chance , [and so on] . )

Topic-comment structures such as those given above are sometimes translated into English as , for instance , Concerning animals … , About this field , … , As for fish , … , etc .
topic-comment structures such as those given above are sometimes translated into english as , for instance , concerning animals … , about this field , … , as for fish , … , [and so on] .

Word-order patterns fulfil a number of functions in all languages : syntactically , they indicate the roles of subject , object , etc ; semantically , they indicate roles such as actor , patient , beneficiary ; communicatively , they indicate the flow of information ( however we may wish to represent this : in terms of theme/rheme , given/new or communicative dynamism ) .
word-order patterns fulfil a number of functions in all languages : syntactically , they indicate the roles of subject , object , [and so on] ; semantically , they indicate roles such as actor , patient , beneficiary ; communicatively , they indicate the flow of information ( however we may wish to represent this : in terms of theme/rheme , given/new or communicative dynamism ) .

So , reference is a device which allows the reader/hearer to trace participants , entities , events , etc .
so , reference is a device which allows the reader/hearer to trace participants , entities , events , [and so on] .

Generally speaking , rechunking is done for two main reasons : ( a ) the source text is divided into chunks ( whether sections , paragraphs , sentences , or clauses ) that are either too long or too short in terms of target-language average chunking of similar material ; or ( b ) the nature of the target audience is different in terms of level of specialization , age , etc .
generally speaking , rechunking is done for two main reasons : ( a ) the source text is divided into chunks ( whether sections , paragraphs , sentences , or clauses ) that are either too long or too short in terms of target-language average chunking of similar material ; or ( b ) the nature of the target audience is different in terms of level of specialization , age , [and so on] .

This divides the use of time into essential activities ( sleeping , eating , etc ) ; work ; travel to work ; and the residue , leisure time ( Martin and Mason , 1976 ) .
this divides the use of time into essential activities ( sleeping , eating , [and so on] ) ; work ; travel to work ; and the residue , leisure time ( martin and mason , 1976 ) .

The general conclusions that can be drawn from these and other studies are , first , that it is not possible to separate fully the effects of education on earnings from those of other factors , particularly those of such abstract personal qualities as motivation , perseverance , ability to make decisions , etc .
the general conclusions that can be drawn from these and other studies are , first , that it is not possible to separate fully the effects of education on earnings from those of other factors , particularly those of such abstract personal qualities as motivation , perseverance , ability to make decisions , [and so on] .

Ethnic minorities suffer more than the general population from all the main housing disadvantages — overcrowding , sharing of dwellings , lacking basic amenities , older housing , etc .
ethnic minorities suffer more than the general population from all the main housing disadvantages — overcrowding , sharing of dwellings , lacking basic amenities , older housing , [and so on] .

The same claim , however , can not be made in relation to the social aspects of housing — central heating , play space , garden , location of housing , garage , etc .
the same claim , however , can not be made in relation to the social aspects of housing — central heating , play space , garden , location of housing , garage , [and so on] .

The various government measures — regional policies , anti-discrimination legislation , etc .
the various government measures — regional policies , anti-discrimination legislation , [and so on] .

This brief examination of the main benefits derived directly from work leaves out the significance of various lesser benefits — cars , interest-free or low interest loans , subsidised lunches , private school fees assistance , expense allowances , etc .
this brief examination of the main benefits derived directly from work leaves out the significance of various lesser benefits — cars , interest-free or low interest loans , subsidised lunches , private school fees assistance , expense allowances , [and so on] .

Earnings from work of manual and non-manual workers have become slightly less unequal though the same can not be claimed for the value of such fringe benefits as sick pay , retirement pensions , subsidies for cars , private schooling , house purchase , etc .
earnings from work of manual and non-manual workers have become slightly less unequal though the same can not be claimed for the value of such fringe benefits as sick pay , retirement pensions , subsidies for cars , private schooling , house purchase , [and so on] .

It is likely to be a very expensive policy , for it implies the improvement of housing , schools , social amenities , etc .
it is likely to be a very expensive policy , for it implies the improvement of housing , schools , social amenities , [and so on] .

Thus the various hospital plans , the community care plans , the comprehensive school reorganisations , the positive discrimination policies , the community development projects , the urban aid programmes , etc .
thus the various hospital plans , the community care plans , the comprehensive school reorganisations , the positive discrimination policies , the community development projects , the urban aid programmes , [and so on] .

Apart from these various policies of positive discrimination for deprived areas , a series of Acts of Parliament during the 1960s and 1970s sought to strengthen the rights of workers against unfair dismissal , the rights of tenants against unfair eviction , and the rights of immigrants and women against discrimination in the areas of employment , finance , housing , etc .
apart from these various policies of positive discrimination for deprived areas , a series of acts of parliament during the 1960s and 1970s sought to strengthen the rights of workers against unfair dismissal , the rights of tenants against unfair eviction , and the rights of immigrants and women against discrimination in the areas of employment , finance , housing , [and so on] .

All these four reasons are subject to varying degrees of criticism : Unskilled manual jobs may well be done just as well , if not better , by the less educated ; resistance to change in employment can be affected more by the alternative job opportunities that are available than by levels of education ; advanced industrialisation has so atomised and de-skilled the production process that for many workers further or higher education is not necessary in their jobs , etc .
all these four reasons are subject to varying degrees of criticism : unskilled manual jobs may well be done just as well , if not better , by the less educated ; resistance to change in employment can be affected more by the alternative job opportunities that are available than by levels of education ; advanced industrialisation has so atomised and de-skilled the production process that for many workers further or higher education is not necessary in their jobs , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Vice versa , substantial immigration into growth areas causes social problems of crime , mental illness , etc .
vice versa , substantial immigration into growth areas causes social problems of crime , mental illness , [and so on] .

’ Non-marketed services include all those public services which are provided free of charge at the point of consumption — health , defence , civil service , most schools , police , etc .
’ non-marketed services include all those public services which are provided free of charge at the point of consumption — health , defence , civil service , most schools , police , [and so on] .

Public services which are sold — electricity , coal , etc .
public services which are sold — electricity , coal , [and so on] .

It has to provide the financial resources for at least a minimum number of services — defence , roads , education , income support , etc .
it has to provide the financial resources for at least a minimum number of services — defence , roads , education , income support , [and so on] .

These studies collect statistical data on a number of items considered important to the hours worked by employees who are free to vary their work effort — wage rates , family size , unearned income , type of employment , etc .
these studies collect statistical data on a number of items considered important to the hours worked by employees who are free to vary their work effort — wage rates , family size , unearned income , type of employment , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Property : Owns real estate for parking , storage , garage etc …
property : owns real estate for parking , storage , garage [and so on] …

What had begun as a process — the Mods ' narcissism and the Beatles ' androgyny illustrating new ways of regarding gender and the self — quickly became a sales device ( Beatles ' wigs , etc ) ; yet as this public exploration of sexuality met no barriers and the blurring effect of drugs took hold , it turned back , in 1966/7 , into an ever deeper examination of more ‘ private ’ layers of sexual divergence , of which homosexuality had always been the most easily codified .
what had begun as a process — the mods ' narcissism and the beatles ' androgyny illustrating new ways of regarding gender and the self — quickly became a sales device ( beatles ' wigs , [and so on] ) ; yet as this public exploration of sexuality met no barriers and the blurring effect of drugs took hold , it turned back , in 1966/7 , into an ever deeper examination of more ‘ private ’ layers of sexual divergence , of which homosexuality had always been the most easily codified .

Even the provision of free or almost free housing leaves the farm worker no better off when comparisons are made with workers elsewhere , for the latter often receive benefits — cheap meals , pension funds , medical facilities , etc .
even the provision of free or almost free housing leaves the farm worker no better off when comparisons are made with workers elsewhere , for the latter often receive benefits — cheap meals , pension funds , medical facilities , [and so on] .

Increasingly it is merely used for its amenities — schools , shops , etc .
increasingly it is merely used for its amenities — schools , shops , [and so on] .

There may be room left for additions to the number of products , product types , factories , categories , etc .
there may be room left for additions to the number of products , product types , factories , categories , [and so on] .

The logical extension of avoiding multiples of 2 , 3 , 5 , 10 , etc .
the logical extension of avoiding multiples of 2 , 3 , 5 , 10 , [and so on] .

In reality , as pointed out above , these curves are likely to represent a ‘ best ’ case , as additions to a file are usually new customers , products , personnel , etc .
in reality , as pointed out above , these curves are likely to represent a ‘ best ’ case , as additions to a file are usually new customers , products , personnel , [and so on] .

The dashed and dotted curves do not intersect , which makes it clear that the rate of deterioration caused by adding records of average activity to an access frequency loaded file is only dependent on the starting point of the random load , and not on the particular file access situation , such as 90/10 , 85/25 , etc .
the dashed and dotted curves do not intersect , which makes it clear that the rate of deterioration caused by adding records of average activity to an access frequency loaded file is only dependent on the starting point of the random load , and not on the particular file access situation , such as 90/10 , 85/25 , [and so on] .

Because it is necessary for indexed sequential software to build indexes , insert records , etc .
because it is necessary for indexed sequential software to build indexes , insert records , [and so on] .

There is some advantage in treating the whole embedded overflow area as a single large blocked record , and manufacturers ' software often does transfer the whole track into main storage when an addition is to be made ; this allows for the addition itself , creation of link fields , changes of index , etc .
there is some advantage in treating the whole embedded overflow area as a single large blocked record , and manufacturers ' software often does transfer the whole track into main storage when an addition is to be made ; this allows for the addition itself , creation of link fields , changes of index , [and so on] .

Statistics on the number of embedded overflow areas that are full , how much space remains in the independent overflow area , how many non-first overflow records are being directly referenced , etc .
statistics on the number of embedded overflow areas that are full , how much space remains in the independent overflow area , how many non-first overflow records are being directly referenced , [and so on] .

The fact that fewer people were participating in the ‘ cash ’ economy , since more and more were having their rent , bills etc .
the fact that fewer people were participating in the ‘ cash ’ economy , since more and more were having their rent , bills [and so on] .

These three disciplines sometimes relate to the objects of study ( physical , biological , human , etc . )
these three disciplines sometimes relate to the objects of study ( physical , biological , human , [and so on] . )

The purpose of these questions was to try to get some sense of the spaces occupied by each discipline , how well that space was defined , and to what extent disciplinary identity or integrity was a matter of epistemological structure ( unifying theories , concepts , methods , etc . )
the purpose of these questions was to try to get some sense of the spaces occupied by each discipline , how well that space was defined , and to what extent disciplinary identity or integrity was a matter of epistemological structure ( unifying theories , concepts , methods , [and so on] . )

It has always had significant overlaps with Anthropology , History , Psychology , Economics , Politics , Social Geography , etc .
it has always had significant overlaps with anthropology , history , psychology , economics , politics , social geography , [and so on] .

Thus undergraduate physics is always being decapitated — once an aspect grows to be important , it is lopped off and becomes an engineering subject ( electronics , semiconductor devices , fibre optics , acoustics , quantum electronics , electron microscopy , etc .
thus undergraduate physics is always being decapitated — once an aspect grows to be important , it is lopped off and becomes an engineering subject ( electronics , semiconductor devices , fibre optics , acoustics , quantum electronics , electron microscopy , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

, etc . )
, [and so on] . )

Sociology is a pluralistic discipline with different norms , etc .
sociology is a pluralistic discipline with different norms , [and so on] .

Practitioners , it is claimed , have their heads filled with jargon and are no longer adequately prepared for the ‘ real world ’ ; the ‘ contributory disciplines ’ do not contribute much ; there is too much emphasis on analysis , not enough on decisions , relevance , etc .
practitioners , it is claimed , have their heads filled with jargon and are no longer adequately prepared for the ‘ real world ’ ; the ‘ contributory disciplines ’ do not contribute much ; there is too much emphasis on analysis , not enough on decisions , relevance , [and so on] .

First , there is the single-subject course , variously labelled ( single honours , special honours , etc . )
first , there is the single-subject course , variously labelled ( single honours , special honours , [and so on] . )

Robbins ( 1963 ) presented dual-subject courses ( joint honours , combined studies , etc . )
robbins ( 1963 ) presented dual-subject courses ( joint honours , combined studies , [and so on] . )

Figure 3.3 Recession of palatization in middle-aged males in car , cat , etc .
figure 3.3 recession of palatization in middle-aged males in car , cat , [and so on] .

The study of ( ht ) in Havelok is of course relevant to the date at which the velar fricative [ x ] before [ t ] ( in right , might , etc . )
the study of ( ht ) in havelok is of course relevant to the date at which the velar fricative [ x ] before [ t ] ( in right , might , [and so on] . )

The unreliability of reported mergers has been argued for most strongly by Labov and his colleagues ( Labov , Yaeger and Steiner , 1972 ; Labov , 1975 etc . )
the unreliability of reported mergers has been argued for most strongly by labov and his colleagues ( labov , yaeger and steiner , 1972 ; labov , 1975 [and so on] . )

Moscovici ( 1984 ) suggests that social representations are elaborated in ‘ theories '' , ‘ stories ’ , ‘ rules ’ , ‘ legends ’ etc .
moscovici ( 1984 ) suggests that social representations are elaborated in ‘ theories '' , ‘ stories ’ , ‘ rules ’ , ‘ legends ’ [and so on] .

General remarks have been made about the role of mass media , pluralism , breakdown of traditional morality , etc .
general remarks have been made about the role of mass media , pluralism , breakdown of traditional morality , [and so on] .

Those groups with other forms of consciousness anchor their thoughts and perceptions into ‘ common sense ’ , ‘ mythology ’ , etc .
those groups with other forms of consciousness anchor their thoughts and perceptions into ‘ common sense ’ , ‘ mythology ’ , [and so on] .

General theories are formulated about supposedly universal topics , for instance , about attribution of emotions , or friendship formation or schematic information-processing , etc .
general theories are formulated about supposedly universal topics , for instance , about attribution of emotions , or friendship formation or schematic information-processing , [and so on] .

Social psychologists have conducted thousands of studies about stereotypes of outgroups or desired social distance from outgroup members , etc .
social psychologists have conducted thousands of studies about stereotypes of outgroups or desired social distance from outgroup members , [and so on] .

National sentiments , instincts , feelings , etc .
national sentiments , instincts , feelings , [and so on] .

might be defended , and indeed be given a ‘ rational ’ ( non-instinctual , etc . )
might be defended , and indeed be given a ‘ rational ’ ( non-instinctual , [and so on] . )

It is possible to identify in Gillray 's positions a number of ideological themes , such as nationalism , anti-authoritarianism , traditionalism , libertarianism , etc .
it is possible to identify in gillray 's positions a number of ideological themes , such as nationalism , anti-authoritarianism , traditionalism , libertarianism , [and so on] .

The catering business by which that person is employed enters into many different contracts , both with suppliers for equipment and stores , etc .
the catering business by which that person is employed enters into many different contracts , both with suppliers for equipment and stores , [and so on] .

theft , assault , etc . )
theft , assault , [and so on] . )

This covers the granting of liquor licences , gaming licences , etc .
this covers the granting of liquor licences , gaming licences , [and so on] .

Limited liability is today of reduced significance , since many major creditors , such as banks , leasing companies , etc .
limited liability is today of reduced significance , since many major creditors , such as banks , leasing companies , [and so on] .

Hence a company has its own legal capacity and is able to contract , etc .
hence a company has its own legal capacity and is able to contract , [and so on] .

On all business letters , etc .
on all business letters , [and so on] .

Common sense tells us that this requires some form of trading activity , and although this will cover such things as the purchase of raw materials , capital equipment , etc .
common sense tells us that this requires some form of trading activity , and although this will cover such things as the purchase of raw materials , capital equipment , [and so on] .

The accounts , records , etc .
the accounts , records , [and so on] .

Should partners neglect to do their work or fail to ‘ pull their weight ’ through absence , etc .
should partners neglect to do their work or fail to ‘ pull their weight ’ through absence , [and so on] .

By s. 288 ( 1 ) of the 1985 Act every company must keep a register of its directors at its registered office , giving details of each director — name , address , nationality , business occupation , etc .
by s. 288 ( 1 ) of the 1985 act every company must keep a register of its directors at its registered office , giving details of each director — name , address , nationality , business occupation , [and so on] .

Company fraud , etc .
company fraud , [and so on] .

Easements cover such things as the erection of advertising hoardings , etc , on the premises of the owner .
easements cover such things as the erection of advertising hoardings , [and so on] , on the premises of the owner .

the Fire Safety and Places of Sport Act 1987 , etc .
the fire safety and places of sport act 1987 , [and so on] .

the building of highways , etc .
the building of highways , [and so on] .

The landlords are therefore entitled to all those rights of ownership other than those which they grant to the tenants under the lease , and those which they are prevented from exercising due to statutory restrictions imposed by the Rent Acts , etc .
the landlords are therefore entitled to all those rights of ownership other than those which they grant to the tenants under the lease , and those which they are prevented from exercising due to statutory restrictions imposed by the rent acts , [and so on] .

The Acts relate to the development of land , which encompasses building , etc .
the acts relate to the development of land , which encompasses building , [and so on] .

In the many instances of old warehouses , barns , etc .
in the many instances of old warehouses , barns , [and so on] .

Though tasks may be clearly stated ( school visiting , crime prevention enquiries , contact with ethnic minorities , etc . )
though tasks may be clearly stated ( school visiting , crime prevention enquiries , contact with ethnic minorities , [and so on] . )

( 8 ) Children , vagabonds , peasants , etc .
( 8 ) children , vagabonds , peasants , [and so on] .

Bruitage musical for village life : birdsong , cocks crowing , pigs grunting , cows lowing , horses being shod , cows being milked , hens ' necks being wrung , wood being cut , etc .
bruitage musical for village life : birdsong , cocks crowing , pigs grunting , cows lowing , horses being shod , cows being milked , hens ' necks being wrung , wood being cut , [and so on] .

Children 's voices , objects being hurled about schoolroom , books banged shut , games of chase , etc .
children 's voices , objects being hurled about schoolroom , books banged shut , games of chase , [and so on] .

Creativity and innovation in Quadrant 3 is more about where ‘ known ’ technologies , recent breakthroughs , etc .
creativity and innovation in quadrant 3 is more about where ‘ known ’ technologies , recent breakthroughs , [and so on] .

If this is accepted , the obvious caveats about the need for having a balanced portfolio and for not having too many eggs in one basket , etc .
if this is accepted , the obvious caveats about the need for having a balanced portfolio and for not having too many eggs in one basket , [and so on] .

In actuality , the expertise needed to evaluate complex ideas is housed within different sectors of large , highly bureaucratic , and mature organizations : in research and development , marketing , manufacturing , administration , finance , etc .
in actuality , the expertise needed to evaluate complex ideas is housed within different sectors of large , highly bureaucratic , and mature organizations : in research and development , marketing , manufacturing , administration , finance , [and so on] .

That is , leaders can sometimes charge rather ordinary products or markets , etc .
that is , leaders can sometimes charge rather ordinary products or markets , [and so on] .

The nature of the organization itself can vary , in ownership , in structure , in size , in developmental stage , etc .
the nature of the organization itself can vary , in ownership , in structure , in size , in developmental stage , [and so on] .

So too can the industry and the broader environment , from traditional mass production to contemporary high technology , etc .
so too can the industry and the broader environment , from traditional mass production to contemporary high technology , [and so on] .

The functional managers are responsible for the material resources and the suitability of the staff in terms of motivation , know-how , capacity , etc .
the functional managers are responsible for the material resources and the suitability of the staff in terms of motivation , know-how , capacity , [and so on] .

Designing in its various forms ( product , graphic , packaging , advertising , etc . )
designing in its various forms ( product , graphic , packaging , advertising , [and so on] . )

The variables examined include product development performance ( lead time , engineering hours , design quality , etc . )
the variables examined include product development performance ( lead time , engineering hours , design quality , [and so on] . )

, project characteristics ( product complexity , supplier involvement , parts commonality , etc . )
, project characteristics ( product complexity , supplier involvement , parts commonality , [and so on] . )

First , the effective management of development — and perhaps basic research as well — has many of the same goals as manufacturing : faster throughput time , reduction of inventory , better upstream-downstream communication , continuous improvement , subtle balances between discipline and creativity , quick problem solving , etc .
first , the effective management of development — and perhaps basic research as well — has many of the same goals as manufacturing : faster throughput time , reduction of inventory , better upstream-downstream communication , continuous improvement , subtle balances between discipline and creativity , quick problem solving , [and so on] .

( The Labour Party in Great Britain was created to promote the interests of the working class against those of the capitalist class , for example ; before that , much of the contesting within the nineteenth century British state involved different capitalist interest groups — manufacturing vs. agriculture vs. trade , etc .
( the labour party in great britain was created to promote the interests of the working class against those of the capitalist class , for example ; before that , much of the contesting within the nineteenth century british state involved different capitalist interest groups — manufacturing vs. agriculture vs. trade , [and so on] .

This concern is expressed at field level in a much more cautious approach : ‘ You take extra care where pollution could be visible — parks , lakes etc .
this concern is expressed at field level in a much more cautious approach : ‘ you take extra care where pollution could be visible — parks , lakes [and so on] .

They comprise affixes ( dis like , kind ness , John ' s , wait ed , com ing , black en , etc . )
they comprise affixes ( dis like , kind ness , john ' s , wait ed , com ing , black en , [and so on] . )

In this case it is clearer , because of the greater number of possibilities , that the substitutes for table which normalise the sentence ( lit , buffet , journal , balcon , etc . )
in this case it is clearer , because of the greater number of possibilities , that the substitutes for table which normalise the sentence ( lit , buffet , journal , balcon , [and so on] . )

etc .
[and so on] .

John saw the cat carpet cushion etc .
john saw the cat carpet cushion [and so on] .

Thus , a raspberry is a type of berry , a bullfinch a type of finch , a dormouse a type of mouse , a padlock a type of lock , etc .
thus , a raspberry is a type of berry , a bullfinch a type of finch , a dormouse a type of mouse , a padlock a type of lock , [and so on] .

( i ) slimy , sleazy , slut , slouch , slovenly , slob , slattern , slither , slink , etc. ( ii ) glow , glimmer , gleam , glisten , glitter , glare , etc. and possibly the vowel in ( iii ) coon , goofy , goon , loony , fool , drool , moon ( around ) , noodle ( fig. ) , etc .
( i ) slimy , sleazy , slut , slouch , slovenly , slob , slattern , slither , slink , etc. ( ii ) glow , glimmer , gleam , glisten , glitter , glare , etc. and possibly the vowel in ( iii ) coon , goofy , goon , loony , fool , drool , moon ( around ) , noodle ( fig. ) , [and so on] .

The morphemes constituting a single word have a rigidly fixed sequential order : we find unwillingly but not lywillingun or unlywilling etc .
the morphemes constituting a single word have a rigidly fixed sequential order : we find unwillingly but not lywillingun or unlywilling [and so on] .

It has long been recognised that expressions such as to pull someone 's leg , to have a bee in one 's bonnet , to kick the bucket , to cook someone 's goose , to be off one 's rocker , round the bend , up the creek , etc .
it has long been recognised that expressions such as to pull someone 's leg , to have a bee in one 's bonnet , to kick the bucket , to cook someone 's goose , to be off one 's rocker , round the bend , up the creek , [and so on] .

As a first approximation , we may say that an idiom 's syntactic behaviour is broadly determined by two factors : the syntactic structure of the literal counterpart of the idiom ( if it has one ) , and the fact that distinguishable syntactic constituents are not semantic constituents , and therefore are not open , for instance , to adjectival and adverbial modification , nor can they be isolated for emphasis , etc .
as a first approximation , we may say that an idiom 's syntactic behaviour is broadly determined by two factors : the syntactic structure of the literal counterpart of the idiom ( if it has one ) , and the fact that distinguishable syntactic constituents are not semantic constituents , and therefore are not open , for instance , to adjectival and adverbial modification , nor can they be isolated for emphasis , [and so on] .

As degree of opacity diminishes , we approach the somewhat indeterminate transitional zone between opacity and transparency : indeed , some of the irreversible binominals are hard to categorise as one or the other : salt and vinegar ( in chip-shop parlance ) , soap and water , etc .
as degree of opacity diminishes , we approach the somewhat indeterminate transitional zone between opacity and transparency : indeed , some of the irreversible binominals are hard to categorise as one or the other : salt and vinegar ( in chip-shop parlance ) , soap and water , [and so on] .

This sense of heavy requires fairly narrowly defined contextual conditions : one may speak of a heavy smoker , or a heavy drug-user , a car may be heavy on petrol , etc .
this sense of heavy requires fairly narrowly defined contextual conditions : one may speak of a heavy smoker , or a heavy drug-user , a car may be heavy on petrol , [and so on] .

This is because cousin has a general meaning which covers all the more specific possibilities ( not only with regard to sex , but also with regard to an indefinitely large number of other matters , such as height , age , eye-colour , etc . )
this is because cousin has a general meaning which covers all the more specific possibilities ( not only with regard to sex , but also with regard to an indefinitely large number of other matters , such as height , age , eye-colour , [and so on] . )

First , some part of an object ( or process , etc . )
first , some part of an object ( or process , [and so on] . )

It is highly unlikely that any reader of this sentence will interpret rare in the sense of ‘ undercooked ’ ( as in a rare steak ) , or steep in the sense of ‘ unjustifiably high ’ ( as in steep charges ) , or bank in the sense of ‘ financial institution ’ , or burn in the sense of ‘ injury caused by fire ’ , or run in the sense of ‘ progress by advancing each foot alternately never having both feet on the ground simultaneously ’ , etc .
it is highly unlikely that any reader of this sentence will interpret rare in the sense of ‘ undercooked ’ ( as in a rare steak ) , or steep in the sense of ‘ unjustifiably high ’ ( as in steep charges ) , or bank in the sense of ‘ financial institution ’ , or burn in the sense of ‘ injury caused by fire ’ , or run in the sense of ‘ progress by advancing each foot alternately never having both feet on the ground simultaneously ’ , [and so on] .

oppositeness , synonymy , etc . )
oppositeness , synonymy , [and so on] . )

It is derived entirely from the general meaning of car , together with the semantic properties of the context ( remember that general knowledge concerning cars and operations carried out on them is , on the view of meaning adopted in this book , embedded in the meanings of car , wash , polish , etc . )
it is derived entirely from the general meaning of car , together with the semantic properties of the context ( remember that general knowledge concerning cars and operations carried out on them is , on the view of meaning adopted in this book , embedded in the meanings of car , wash , polish , [and so on] . )

This parasite attaches itself to the mouths of fishes , sea-squirts , etc .
this parasite attaches itself to the mouths of fishes , sea-squirts , [and so on] .

( It may sometimes happen that of two senses , either one could plausibly be a metaphorical extension of the other , as with , for example , expire ( driving licence , etc . )
( it may sometimes happen that of two senses , either one could plausibly be a metaphorical extension of the other , as with , for example , expire ( driving licence , [and so on] . )

That is to say , we shall recognise sense-units along a sense-spectrum — to be called local senses — by their participation in distinct lexical fields ( here , to be understood merely as sets of lexical items interrelated by determinate meaning relations such as oppositeness , hyponymy , part-whole , etc . )
that is to say , we shall recognise sense-units along a sense-spectrum — to be called local senses — by their participation in distinct lexical fields ( here , to be understood merely as sets of lexical items interrelated by determinate meaning relations such as oppositeness , hyponymy , part-whole , [and so on] . )

Each affix is obligatorily attached to a stem containing or consisting of an open set item : dis-obey , un-popular , central-ise , dismount-ed , long-er , etc .
each affix is obligatorily attached to a stem containing or consisting of an open set item : dis-obey , un-popular , central-ise , dismount-ed , long-er , [and so on] .

These may be termed the primary lexical units of a lexeme — a category that would include , for instance , dog ( ’ species ’ ) , heavy ( ’ weight ’ ) , novel ( ’ text ’ ) , etc .
these may be termed the primary lexical units of a lexeme — a category that would include , for instance , dog ( ’ species ’ ) , heavy ( ’ weight ’ ) , novel ( ’ text ’ ) , [and so on] .

This is true of dog ( ’ male ’ ) , heavy ( ’ copious consumption ’ ) , etc .
this is true of dog ( ’ male ’ ) , heavy ( ’ copious consumption ’ ) , [and so on] .

count nouns , etc . )
count nouns , [and so on] . )

However , while the logical principles are straightforward , the application to natural language is not quite so straightforward , because the crucial factors — negatives , conditionality , etc .
however , while the logical principles are straightforward , the application to natural language is not quite so straightforward , because the crucial factors — negatives , conditionality , [and so on] .

animal : cat , dog , lion , elephant , aardvark , etc .
animal : cat , dog , lion , elephant , aardvark , [and so on] .

As an example of a pair of partial synonyms , consider finish and complete ( in the usual sense , not the specific legal sense of ‘ fulfil all legal requirements ’ , as in house-buying , etc . )
as an example of a pair of partial synonyms , consider finish and complete ( in the usual sense , not the specific legal sense of ‘ fulfil all legal requirements ’ , as in house-buying , [and so on] . )

Highly fast cars crash violently shows that the mis-match in the latter is between highly and fast , not highly and cars , or highly and crash , etc .
highly fast cars crash violently shows that the mis-match in the latter is between highly and fast , not highly and cars , or highly and crash , [and so on] .

Thus , in the case of drink , liquid satisfies these conditions : superordinates , such as substance , or fluid ( in the scientific sense which includes gases ) are tautonyms ; incompatibles , such as solids , are xenonyms ; and all hyponyms — beer , water , etc .
thus , in the case of drink , liquid satisfies these conditions : superordinates , such as substance , or fluid ( in the scientific sense which includes gases ) are tautonyms ; incompatibles , such as solids , are xenonyms ; and all hyponyms — beer , water , [and so on] .

For instance , many speakers of English feel that the sub-classification of garden birds into sparrows , robins , thrushes , blackbirds , etc .
for instance , many speakers of english feel that the sub-classification of garden birds into sparrows , robins , thrushes , blackbirds , [and so on] .

Just as Robert Morris in 1736 recommended that the classical orders of architecture should be matched to the situation of a house ( Doric for open country , Ionic for the ‘ cheerful vale ’ , etc . )
just as robert morris in 1736 recommended that the classical orders of architecture should be matched to the situation of a house ( doric for open country , ionic for the ‘ cheerful vale ’ , [and so on] . )

On both sides of the Atlantic the decisions of architects , civil engineers , environmental planners , doctors etc .
on both sides of the atlantic the decisions of architects , civil engineers , environmental planners , doctors [and so on] .

We would argue that depending on the concept of accountability ( moral , professional , contractual ) that the procedure seeks to satisfy , and the features of the particular context ( sector of education , local pressures etc . )
we would argue that depending on the concept of accountability ( moral , professional , contractual ) that the procedure seeks to satisfy , and the features of the particular context ( sector of education , local pressures [and so on] . )

It is evident that the deputy record lesson format , materials used , pupil activities , teacher involvement and questioning , pupil responses , etc .
it is evident that the deputy record lesson format , materials used , pupil activities , teacher involvement and questioning , pupil responses , [and so on] .

‘ That variety of horrors art has spread at the bottom [ of Coalbrookdale ] ; the noise of the forges , mills , etc .
‘ that variety of horrors art has spread at the bottom [ of coalbrookdale ] ; the noise of the forges , mills , [and so on] .

warehouses , etc .
warehouses , [and so on] .

As a consequence , the complexity of the processes by which texts which form part of particular school disciplines — history or geography , etc .
as a consequence , the complexity of the processes by which texts which form part of particular school disciplines — history or geography , [and so on] .

Secondly , although the diverse bases of cultural differentiation — ethnicity , class , gender , region , etc .
secondly , although the diverse bases of cultural differentiation — ethnicity , class , gender , region , [and so on] .

So it 's not surprising they draw the racist conclusions — the blacks are getting jobs , housing etc .
so it 's not surprising they draw the racist conclusions — the blacks are getting jobs , housing [and so on] .

‘ Grassing up your mates ’ and cooperating with the ‘ enemy within ' ( antiracists , liberals , etc . )
‘ grassing up your mates ’ and cooperating with the ‘ enemy within ' ( antiracists , liberals , [and so on] . )

All the costs of running the school ( staff salaries , provision of buildings and grounds etc . )
all the costs of running the school ( staff salaries , provision of buildings and grounds [and so on] . )

The only expense attributable to the education of the taxpayers ' children ( additional food , laundry , stationery etc . )
the only expense attributable to the education of the taxpayers ' children ( additional food , laundry , stationery [and so on] . )

Were Lascars and Chinamen to benefit from the improvements in food , accommodation , repatriation etc .
were lascars and chinamen to benefit from the improvements in food , accommodation , repatriation [and so on] .

It is at this stage that a major computer study may be undertaken into the integrity of the proposed design , in terms of function , strength , economics , etc .
it is at this stage that a major computer study may be undertaken into the integrity of the proposed design , in terms of function , strength , economics , [and so on] .

The design department is thus broken into a number of manageable teams , with , taking the aircraft industry as an example , separate responsibilities for engines , wings , mainframe , control surfaces , services , etc .
the design department is thus broken into a number of manageable teams , with , taking the aircraft industry as an example , separate responsibilities for engines , wings , mainframe , control surfaces , services , [and so on] .

The company 's brand may be recognized as being associated with a whole range of products with similar environmental usages and styles , such as kitchen utensils , office equipment etc .
the company 's brand may be recognized as being associated with a whole range of products with similar environmental usages and styles , such as kitchen utensils , office equipment [and so on] .

Some designs will thus be better , preferred over others due to their ease of manufacture , their simplicity , their rigorousness , etc .
some designs will thus be better , preferred over others due to their ease of manufacture , their simplicity , their rigorousness , [and so on] .

This initially breaks the space up into its major divisions : the engine unit , passenger unit , suspension , transmission , etc .
this initially breaks the space up into its major divisions : the engine unit , passenger unit , suspension , transmission , [and so on] .

Conversely , correct gearbox functioning is unacceptable if it results in an unacceptable gear-lever movement ( either too small , too large , colliding with other fixed objects , difficult hand movements etc ) .
conversely , correct gearbox functioning is unacceptable if it results in an unacceptable gear-lever movement ( either too small , too large , colliding with other fixed objects , difficult hand movements [and so on] ) .

The geometric entities of line , point arc , etc need to be assembled to provide a simple surface or facet representation .
the geometric entities of line , point arc , [and so on] need to be assembled to provide a simple surface or facet representation .

The engineering file should thus contain only the instructions necessary for the complete manufacture of the item , and can be used to store detailed engineering drawings ( operations , related drawings , assemblies , etc ) , numerical control instructions and schedules .
the engineering file should thus contain only the instructions necessary for the complete manufacture of the item , and can be used to store detailed engineering drawings ( operations , related drawings , assemblies , [and so on] ) , numerical control instructions and schedules .

It is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , component purchasing details , etc ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .
it is envisaged that this section will contain text files ( instructions from the designer , component purchasing details , [and so on] ) , equations for calculating features and relationships , as well as pictorial data .

These may be scaled or distorted primitive three-dimensional shapes ( cylinders , blocks , wedges , etc ) .
these may be scaled or distorted primitive three-dimensional shapes ( cylinders , blocks , wedges , [and so on] ) .

In order to be able to cope with non-linear and complex assemblies ( such as cams , sliders , etc ) , it was decided to adopt an iterative approach to the assembly rather than apply , in this case , the simpler trigonometric relationships .
in order to be able to cope with non-linear and complex assemblies ( such as cams , sliders , [and so on] ) , it was decided to adopt an iterative approach to the assembly rather than apply , in this case , the simpler trigonometric relationships .

At the airport we bought a sheet of tourist slides ( the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace , the Forth Bridge , the pearly kings and queens of London , the Apollo moon landing , etc . )
at the airport we bought a sheet of tourist slides ( the changing of the guard at buckingham palace , the forth bridge , the pearly kings and queens of london , the apollo moon landing , [and so on] . )

For example , suppose that for some reason you wish to remember a long list of dissociated objects such as aeroplane , alarm clock , carrot , television , etc .
for example , suppose that for some reason you wish to remember a long list of dissociated objects such as aeroplane , alarm clock , carrot , television , [and so on] .

plot the points ( 0,0 ) ( 1,2 ) ( 2,4 ) etc .
plot the points ( 0,0 ) ( 1,2 ) ( 2,4 ) [and so on] .

You will be able to see that the laws you love and cherish ( Coulomb 's , Biot-Savart 's , Snell 's , etc . )
you will be able to see that the laws you love and cherish ( coulomb 's , biot-savart 's , snell 's , [and so on] . )

If the cross-section happens to be smaller at a certain place , then the forces are larger there than at the neighbouring cross-sections , so the beam will be further constricted , etc .
if the cross-section happens to be smaller at a certain place , then the forces are larger there than at the neighbouring cross-sections , so the beam will be further constricted , [and so on] .

If the magnetic field happens to be larger at one side than at the other side , then the beam will be deflected towards the weaker field which makes the field even weaker , etc .
if the magnetic field happens to be larger at one side than at the other side , then the beam will be deflected towards the weaker field which makes the field even weaker , [and so on] .

Section 4 ( 2 ) lists three exceptions to the general proposition that a person can not steal land etc .
section 4 ( 2 ) lists three exceptions to the general proposition that a person can not steal land [and so on] .

1 . Cossacks etc
1 . cossacks [and so on]

Cossacks etc
cossacks [and so on]

Although the majority of each of these groups were soldiers , organised with varying degrees of cohesion and discipline on military lines , and had fought either as part of German armies or under German overall command , there were also large groups of women , children , priests , camp followers etc , most notably with Domanov 's Cossacks , where these totalled some 8,000 .
although the majority of each of these groups were soldiers , organised with varying degrees of cohesion and discipline on military lines , and had fought either as part of german armies or under german overall command , there were also large groups of women , children , priests , camp followers [and so on] , most notably with domanov 's cossacks , where these totalled some 8,000 .

German PoWs : `` In addition to the Yugoslavs `` Macmillan continues , `` Gen Keightley has to deal with nearly 400,000 surrendered or surrendering Germans , not yet disarmed ( except as to tanks and guns ) who must be shepherded into some place or other , fed and given camps etc .
german pows : `` in addition to the yugoslavs `` macmillan continues , `` gen keightley has to deal with nearly 400,000 surrendered or surrendering germans , not yet disarmed ( except as to tanks and guns ) who must be shepherded into some place or other , fed and given camps [and so on] .

No attempt at organised march was made whatsoever , but by the time the Croats , both soldiers and civilians , had passed the road junction … leading to Bleiburg , they had been stripped of everything they possessed , including animals , carts , bicycles , food and personal belongings etc .
no attempt at organised march was made whatsoever , but by the time the croats , both soldiers and civilians , had passed the road junction … leading to bleiburg , they had been stripped of everything they possessed , including animals , carts , bicycles , food and personal belongings [and so on] .

There seems no good reason why herbs should not be used at home to cure many minor ills , in the same way that aspirin are useful for headaches , toothache , etc .
there seems no good reason why herbs should not be used at home to cure many minor ills , in the same way that aspirin are useful for headaches , toothache , [and so on] .

At the same time , if the soil is one of those obviously dry , gritty or chalky ones , from which the minerals plants need as part of their food — potassium , magnesium , nitrogen , etc .
at the same time , if the soil is one of those obviously dry , gritty or chalky ones , from which the minerals plants need as part of their food — potassium , magnesium , nitrogen , [and so on] .

If containers do not have any drainage outlets , cover the base with at least 1 cm ( ½ in ) depth of drainage crocks , shingle , etc .
if containers do not have any drainage outlets , cover the base with at least 1 cm ( ½ in ) depth of drainage crocks , shingle , [and so on] .

It seems a more unlikely plant than most to be a herb , but the whole of it , leaves , stems etc .
it seems a more unlikely plant than most to be a herb , but the whole of it , leaves , stems [and so on] .

4 . How much of the historical information were you able to actually visualise-the physical appearance of people , the towns , the landscape , etc ?
4 . how much of the historical information were you able to actually visualise-the physical appearance of people , the towns , the landscape , [and so on] ?

difficulties with comprehension , slow reading speeds etc . )
difficulties with comprehension , slow reading speeds [and so on] . )

( ii ) What factors have produced this variation ( e.g. your creative powers , your contextual knowledge , your understanding of vocabulary , etc . ) ?
( ii ) what factors have produced this variation ( e.g. your creative powers , your contextual knowledge , your understanding of vocabulary , [and so on] . ) ?

( a ) You must have a good framework of prior knowledge-of individuals , places , events , central ideas , etc .
( a ) you must have a good framework of prior knowledge-of individuals , places , events , central ideas , [and so on] .

seminar discussions , research supervision , proof-readers , etc . )
seminar discussions , research supervision , proof-readers , [and so on] . )

( i ) Visual clues : italics , bold-type , numeration of points , etc .
( i ) visual clues : italics , bold-type , numeration of points , [and so on] .

When reading a new book , approach it from the outside ( Title , introductions , index , skim reading , etc . )
when reading a new book , approach it from the outside ( title , introductions , index , skim reading , [and so on] . )

to the inside ( main chapter and paragraph ideas etc . )
to the inside ( main chapter and paragraph ideas [and so on] . )

Furthermore , strive to synthesise the various notes you make-from books , your own thoughts , television , etc .
furthermore , strive to synthesise the various notes you make-from books , your own thoughts , television , [and so on] .

Essays , class reports , etc .
essays , class reports , [and so on] .

( b ) local and national developments ( e.g. economic distress , political changes , religious reforms , etc . ) ?
( b ) local and national developments ( e.g. economic distress , political changes , religious reforms , [and so on] . ) ?

The nature of the structure allows for the early addition of new information without messy scratching out or squeezing in etc .
the nature of the structure allows for the early addition of new information without messy scratching out or squeezing in [and so on] .

In the more creative areas of note-making such as essay preparations etc .
in the more creative areas of note-making such as essay preparations [and so on] .

( e ) dissonance between " old " and " new " Liberalism etc .
( e ) dissonance between " old " and " new " liberalism [and so on] .

Do the different morphs ( be they different colour , adult size , shell shape , etc . )
do the different morphs ( be they different colour , adult size , shell shape , [and so on] . )

etc .
[and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Occasional sounds from the matinee of Coriolanus ( stage management calls etc . )
occasional sounds from the matinee of coriolanus ( stage management calls [and so on] . )

We found that towards the end of the rehearsal period the actors during run-throughs referred to each other and related to each other in the offstage character ( Joyce , Neil , etc . )
we found that towards the end of the rehearsal period the actors during run-throughs referred to each other and related to each other in the offstage character ( joyce , neil , [and so on] . )

In our view , we ought not to shut our eyes to these facts , or mask the dark sides of tsarist activities , or look for a justification for them in the need to protect Russian settlements from nomad onslaughts , and in the voevody 's disobedience to the tsar , etc .
in our view , we ought not to shut our eyes to these facts , or mask the dark sides of tsarist activities , or look for a justification for them in the need to protect russian settlements from nomad onslaughts , and in the voevody 's disobedience to the tsar , [and so on] .

In contrast to this , wild-caught specimens tend to be finicky feeders and require a diet of live food — tubifex , bloodworm etc .
in contrast to this , wild-caught specimens tend to be finicky feeders and require a diet of live food — tubifex , bloodworm [and so on] .

The Marbled Hatchetfish is an interesting example of specific evolution developments ( shape etc . )
the marbled hatchetfish is an interesting example of specific evolution developments ( shape [and so on] . )

However , after combating the poisoning , the fish were vulnerable to secondary infections ( fin rot , velvet etc . )
however , after combating the poisoning , the fish were vulnerable to secondary infections ( fin rot , velvet [and so on] . )

for administering and wiping away surplus ointment , antiseptic washes etc .
for administering and wiping away surplus ointment , antiseptic washes [and so on] .

While the audience in the cinema now accepts a slackness of narrative logic ( though not of narrative drive ) that would have been rare and frowned on in the 1940s , it still expects — even in a send-up — more than token adherence to the rules of the genre or of the individual film type itself : horror , sci-fi , the Spielberg ‘ Indiana Jones ’ series , the Lucas Star Wars series , the Broccoli ‘ James Bond ’ series etc .
while the audience in the cinema now accepts a slackness of narrative logic ( though not of narrative drive ) that would have been rare and frowned on in the 1940s , it still expects — even in a send-up — more than token adherence to the rules of the genre or of the individual film type itself : horror , sci-fi , the spielberg ‘ indiana jones ’ series , the lucas star wars series , the broccoli ‘ james bond ’ series [and so on] .

The next chapter , however , discusses physical effects in the narrower sense of the elements , especially fire and explosions , wirework , falls through glass etc .
the next chapter , however , discusses physical effects in the narrower sense of the elements , especially fire and explosions , wirework , falls through glass [and so on] .

But in style and technique it denoted a big advance , notably in terms of realism ; this involved such elements as exact motion control , detail in modelling , quality in matte printing , and inventiveness in the creation of robots , monsters etc .
but in style and technique it denoted a big advance , notably in terms of realism ; this involved such elements as exact motion control , detail in modelling , quality in matte printing , and inventiveness in the creation of robots , monsters [and so on] .

Health is seldom the primary concern of a community though primary concerns , for example , land rights , agricultural production and marketing etc .
health is seldom the primary concern of a community though primary concerns , for example , land rights , agricultural production and marketing [and so on] .

Looking at pictures , churches , etc ?
looking at pictures , churches , [and so on] ?

( 'Non-marketable wealth ' includes items such as salaries , non-transferable pensions , etc . )
( 'non-marketable wealth ' includes items such as salaries , non-transferable pensions , [and so on] . )

Science is based on what we can see and hear and touch , etc .
science is based on what we can see and hear and touch , [and so on] .

The scientific observer should have normal , unimpaired sense organs and should faithfully record what he can see , hear , etc .
the scientific observer should have normal , unimpaired sense organs and should faithfully record what he can see , hear , [and so on] .

Various kinds of metals should be heated , long iron bars , short iron bars , silver bars , copper bars , etc .
various kinds of metals should be heated , long iron bars , short iron bars , silver bars , copper bars , [and so on] .

Again , the laws of planetary motion , derived from observations of planetary positions etc .
again , the laws of planetary motion , derived from observations of planetary positions [and so on] .

The principle of induction worked successfully on occasion x 2 etc .
the principle of induction worked successfully on occasion x 2 [and so on] .

The use of the same word in everyday language ( the force of circumstance , gale-force-winds , the force of an argument , etc . )
the use of the same word in everyday language ( the force of circumstance , gale-force-winds , the force of an argument , [and so on] . )

If he is to be totally unbiased when making his observations , then he will be obliged to record not only the readings on various meters , the presence or absence of sparks at various critical locations in the electrical circuits , the dimensions of the circuit etc .
if he is to be totally unbiased when making his observations , then he will be obliged to record not only the readings on various meters , the presence or absence of sparks at various critical locations in the electrical circuits , the dimensions of the circuit [and so on] .

Bats are able to fly with ease and at speed , avoiding the branches of trees , telegraph wires , other bats , etc .
bats are able to fly with ease and at speed , avoiding the branches of trees , telegraph wires , other bats , [and so on] .

This ahistorical theory of confirmation would seem to have the unappealing consequence that innumerable observations made on falling stones , planetary positions , etc .
this ahistorical theory of confirmation would seem to have the unappealing consequence that innumerable observations made on falling stones , planetary positions , [and so on] .

The latter are in some sense ‘ given ’ to individuals in the act of observing , but there is no straightforward step from those private experiences ( which will depend on factors peculiar to each individual observer such as his expectations , prior knowledge , etc . )
the latter are in some sense ‘ given ’ to individuals in the act of observing , but there is no straightforward step from those private experiences ( which will depend on factors peculiar to each individual observer such as his expectations , prior knowledge , [and so on] . )

Any empirical scientific statement can be presented ( by describing experimental arrangements etc . )
any empirical scientific statement can be presented ( by describing experimental arrangements [and so on] . )

The orbits could be further refined by adding epicycles to epicycles etc .
the orbits could be further refined by adding epicycles to epicycles [and so on] .

It was also possible to investigate the departure of the planets from Kepler 's laws due to the finite mass of the sun , interplanetary forces , etc .
it was also possible to investigate the departure of the planets from kepler 's laws due to the finite mass of the sun , interplanetary forces , [and so on] .

In those circumstances , it will be necessary to attempt to spell out the general laws , metaphysical and methodological principles , etc .
in those circumstances , it will be necessary to attempt to spell out the general laws , metaphysical and methodological principles , [and so on] .

The first real planning act , the Housing Town Planning [ etc . ]
the first real planning act , the housing town planning [ [and so on] . ]

Act 1909 , was followed by two other important measures during the interwar years ; the Housing Town Planning [ etc . ]
act 1909 , was followed by two other important measures during the interwar years ; the housing town planning [ [and so on] . ]

We asked respondents whether they had been stopped ( on foot or in a vehicle ) or had their house searched in the last year , and whether they had been arrested in the last five years ( called here , ‘ stopped , etc .
we asked respondents whether they had been stopped ( on foot or in a vehicle ) or had their house searched in the last year , and whether they had been arrested in the last five years ( called here , ‘ stopped , [and so on] .

In relating these results to our measures of attitude to the police we found those who had been stopped etc .
in relating these results to our measures of attitude to the police we found those who had been stopped [and so on] .

But , besides this we found those who had not been stopped etc .
but , besides this we found those who had not been stopped [and so on] .

These areas tended to be socially deprived , with more unemployment , more manual workers , etc .
these areas tended to be socially deprived , with more unemployment , more manual workers , [and so on] .

Instead of finding Whites had more favourable attitudes to the police than Blacks , and had been stopped , etc .
instead of finding whites had more favourable attitudes to the police than blacks , and had been stopped , [and so on] .

Asians tended to be more favourable on every measure , and to have had less experience of stops , etc .
asians tended to be more favourable on every measure , and to have had less experience of stops , [and so on] .

we have far more reliably formed true beliefs about it , than we do about our own beliefs about what goes on in the world : beliefs about honey , thistles , etc .
we have far more reliably formed true beliefs about it , than we do about our own beliefs about what goes on in the world : beliefs about honey , thistles , [and so on] .

We have very few beliefs , true or false , about what our beliefs about honey etc .
we have very few beliefs , true or false , about what our beliefs about honey [and so on] .

By reporting the character ’ s thoughts in the third person , past tense , as in traditional narrative , but keeping to vocabulary appropriate to the character , and omitting some or all of the tags that normally introduce reported speech ( like ‘ he thought ’ , ‘ she wondered ’ , etc . )
by reporting the character ’ s thoughts in the third person , past tense , as in traditional narrative , but keeping to vocabulary appropriate to the character , and omitting some or all of the tags that normally introduce reported speech ( like ‘ he thought ’ , ‘ she wondered ’ , [and so on] . )

‘ the political obstacles to advance within the practices of the Labour Left and the labour movement itself ; … broadening the base of mass support , creating institutions and organisations which extend the socialist movement beyond the minority of organised labour ; … fighting for specific reforms in the organisation of capital that will create new positions of struggle and control for working people ( limitations of shareholders ’ and managements ' powers , workers ' representation etc . )
‘ the political obstacles to advance within the practices of the labour left and the labour movement itself ; … broadening the base of mass support , creating institutions and organisations which extend the socialist movement beyond the minority of organised labour ; … fighting for specific reforms in the organisation of capital that will create new positions of struggle and control for working people ( limitations of shareholders ’ and managements ' powers , workers ' representation [and so on] . )

In terms of the concepts outlined above we could express Marx 's views thus : the economic class of proletarians ( propertyless sellers of labour power ) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and conditions of life and work ; this will result in the increasing ‘ non-pertinence ’ of social collectivities based on branch of industry , religion , nationality , sex etc .
in terms of the concepts outlined above we could express marx 's views thus : the economic class of proletarians ( propertyless sellers of labour power ) will necessarily become increasingly homogeneous in respect of income levels and conditions of life and work ; this will result in the increasing ‘ non-pertinence ’ of social collectivities based on branch of industry , religion , nationality , sex [and so on] .

‘ If we keep labour alone in view , we may designate the division of social production into its main general such as agriculture , industry , etc .
‘ if we keep labour alone in view , we may designate the division of social production into its main general such as agriculture , industry , [and so on] .

The possible divisions between workers considered as car workers , textile workers , railwaymen etc .
the possible divisions between workers considered as car workers , textile workers , railwaymen [and so on] .

People seemed to separate into camps , or to be misrepresented under labels — ‘ deconstructionists ’ , ‘ essentialist ’ , etc — and the crossover of information and ideas which could possibly have been so fruitful seemed instead a potentially explosive exchange .
people seemed to separate into camps , or to be misrepresented under labels — ‘ deconstructionists ’ , ‘ essentialist ’ , [and so on] — and the crossover of information and ideas which could possibly have been so fruitful seemed instead a potentially explosive exchange .

All Japanese businesses are corrupt , eh ? So what about Maxwell , Guinness , Salomon Bros , etc ? Their underhanded practices include taking America 's best ideas , buying hi-tech companies and using lobbyists ? Why does n't Ferry ask instead why some Western companies did n't buy these companies or develop those ideas ?
all japanese businesses are corrupt , eh ? so what about maxwell , guinness , salomon bros , [and so on] ? their underhanded practices include taking america 's best ideas , buying hi-tech companies and using lobbyists ? why does n't ferry ask instead why some western companies did n't buy these companies or develop those ideas ?

The penal system needs to legitimate itself with three groups of people : with the public ( including politicians , commentators etc . )
the penal system needs to legitimate itself with three groups of people : with the public ( including politicians , commentators [and so on] . )

The Old Testament ius talionis ( an eye for an eye , a life for a life , etc . )
the old testament ius talionis ( an eye for an eye , a life for a life , [and so on] . )

The bourgeoisie or capitalist class ( the ruling class under capitalism ) is the class of people which owns the means of production ( including factories , industrial machinery etc .
the bourgeoisie or capitalist class ( the ruling class under capitalism ) is the class of people which owns the means of production ( including factories , industrial machinery [and so on] .

As Althusser put it ( 1969 : 113 ) : ‘ the economic dialectic is never active in the pure state ; in History , these instances , the superstructures , etc .
as althusser put it ( 1969 : 113 ) : ‘ the economic dialectic is never active in the pure state ; in history , these instances , the superstructures , [and so on] .

The winner of the Black Swan 10th Anniversary Quiz is Sue Kimber of Books Etc , Victoria , who wins a stay in Stratford-upon-Avon for two , plus tickets to a Shakespeare play and a meal afterwards .
the winner of the black swan 10th anniversary quiz is sue kimber of books [and so on] , victoria , who wins a stay in stratford-upon-avon for two , plus tickets to a shakespeare play and a meal afterwards .

The purposes of the Health and Safety at Work etc .
the purposes of the health and safety at work [and so on] .

It has demonstrated its concern in three main ways : by aiding parents in their job of child-rearing through the provision of services such as maternity and child welfare , schooling , etc .
it has demonstrated its concern in three main ways : by aiding parents in their job of child-rearing through the provision of services such as maternity and child welfare , schooling , [and so on] .

Mothers are given ante- and post-natal care and children are medically inspected , vaccinated , etc .
mothers are given ante- and post-natal care and children are medically inspected , vaccinated , [and so on] .

But it also meant trying to contact families and individuals — doctors , schools , health visitors , housing departments , etc .
but it also meant trying to contact families and individuals — doctors , schools , health visitors , housing departments , [and so on] .

They deserve a more sensitive environment that does not so harshly relegate them en masse to the category of ‘ old people ’ and does not emphasize , in attitudes and actions , their increasing dependency ; many need help , too , in coming to terms with the process of ageing and the major adjustments it entails — to retirement , to relinquishing their home , etc .
they deserve a more sensitive environment that does not so harshly relegate them en masse to the category of ‘ old people ’ and does not emphasize , in attitudes and actions , their increasing dependency ; many need help , too , in coming to terms with the process of ageing and the major adjustments it entails — to retirement , to relinquishing their home , [and so on] .

But the extent to which a given disability will handicap a person in education , work , social relationships , enjoyment of leisure , etc .
but the extent to which a given disability will handicap a person in education , work , social relationships , enjoyment of leisure , [and so on] .

But much still needs to be done to recruit staff at every level ( consultant psychiatrists , mental nurses , social workers , teachers , etc . )
but much still needs to be done to recruit staff at every level ( consultant psychiatrists , mental nurses , social workers , teachers , [and so on] . )

The bulk of the money is raised by taxation — by taxes on income or taxes on expenditure — and the remainder by rent and interests , etc .
the bulk of the money is raised by taxation — by taxes on income or taxes on expenditure — and the remainder by rent and interests , [and so on] .

As we have seen from the chapters on health , education and other services , there are still many unsolved social problems and unmet needs for residential care , for housing , for better education facilities for children with special needs , for trained staff , etc .
as we have seen from the chapters on health , education and other services , there are still many unsolved social problems and unmet needs for residential care , for housing , for better education facilities for children with special needs , for trained staff , [and so on] .

If demographic facts on numbers of old people , school-age children , etc .
if demographic facts on numbers of old people , school-age children , [and so on] .

So the National Health Service Act , the Children Act , the National Assistance Act , etc .
so the national health service act , the children act , the national assistance act , [and so on] .

The central government raises much of the money used by local authorities for education , welfare , housing , etc .
the central government raises much of the money used by local authorities for education , welfare , housing , [and so on] .

It is becoming increasingly clear that this whole process , defined in one recent study as ‘ a set of procedures for uniting those who control the resources necessary for certain tasks ( the members of a municipal council or the shareholders in a company for example ) with those who use the goods or services produced from these resources ( pupils , patients , tenants , customers , etc . )
it is becoming increasingly clear that this whole process , defined in one recent study as ‘ a set of procedures for uniting those who control the resources necessary for certain tasks ( the members of a municipal council or the shareholders in a company for example ) with those who use the goods or services produced from these resources ( pupils , patients , tenants , customers , [and so on] . )

It is backed by research chemists , biologists , etc .
it is backed by research chemists , biologists , [and so on] .

This is so in every field of social service : we need teachers , social workers , housing managers and town planners , etc .
this is so in every field of social service : we need teachers , social workers , housing managers and town planners , [and so on] .

Or he can remain silent except for nodding , smiling and liking his glass , allowing the bride to speak on their behalf , making due reference to him — my husband has asked me , etc .
or he can remain silent except for nodding , smiling and liking his glass , allowing the bride to speak on their behalf , making due reference to him — my husband has asked me , [and so on] .

‘ But ( bridegroom 's name ) works for the paper read by the people who want to buy a Ford Granada for fourpence/by twenty stone women who want to be as slim as Twiggy by Tuesday/Saturday ( day of wedding ) , etc .
‘ but ( bridegroom 's name ) works for the paper read by the people who want to buy a ford granada for fourpence/by twenty stone women who want to be as slim as twiggy by tuesday/saturday ( day of wedding ) , [and so on] .

Mike Sullivan , department manager of Books Etc , Charing Cross lists new and old authors that will sell in 1993
mike sullivan , department manager of books [and so on] , charing cross lists new and old authors that will sell in 1993

the balance of the playing staff , the choice of captain , stewarding of sightscreens , etc .
the balance of the playing staff , the choice of captain , stewarding of sightscreens , [and so on] .

The point of health service contact for patients with cerebrovascular disease and dementia is variable and dependent on several factors that we did not evaluate — for example , location and progression of cerebral disease , relative dominance of symptoms , etc .
the point of health service contact for patients with cerebrovascular disease and dementia is variable and dependent on several factors that we did not evaluate — for example , location and progression of cerebral disease , relative dominance of symptoms , [and so on] .

Estimates of the effectiveness of preventive approaches for 73 congenital abnormality entities were based on data from the registry , epidemiological studies ( such as for neural tube defect and Down 's syndrome ) , studies of the effects of , for example , genetic counselling in reducing further conceptions in families at risk , avoidance of alcohol and other teratogens during pregnancy , and early paediatric surgery in congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis , congenital inguinal hernia , ventricular septal defect , etc .
estimates of the effectiveness of preventive approaches for 73 congenital abnormality entities were based on data from the registry , epidemiological studies ( such as for neural tube defect and down 's syndrome ) , studies of the effects of , for example , genetic counselling in reducing further conceptions in families at risk , avoidance of alcohol and other teratogens during pregnancy , and early paediatric surgery in congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis , congenital inguinal hernia , ventricular septal defect , [and so on] .

6–8–1880 Archibald Currie etc appeared and `` mutually acknowledged that they had been guilty of quarrelling some time ago in a way scandalous to religion in the community where they reside .
6–8–1880 archibald currie [and so on] appeared and `` mutually acknowledged that they had been guilty of quarrelling some time ago in a way scandalous to religion in the community where they reside .

This may be too large ( or too small ) inconveniently situated for transport , social support , shops etc or in an isolated locality in a confusing environment , eg in a multi-storey block or a large housing estate which can lead to difficulties in orientation liable to vandalism in poor repair be poorly insulated/difficult to heat have dangerous wiring Elderly owner-occupiers with few financial resources have particular problems ; others may have resources but do not recognise the need for repairs .
this may be too large ( or too small ) inconveniently situated for transport , social support , shops [and so on] or in an isolated locality in a confusing environment , eg in a multi-storey block or a large housing estate which can lead to difficulties in orientation liable to vandalism in poor repair be poorly insulated/difficult to heat have dangerous wiring elderly owner-occupiers with few financial resources have particular problems ; others may have resources but do not recognise the need for repairs .

It is viewed by some as having a prime role as a respite for carers , others additionally see their role as assisting in the more practical needs such as baths , chiropody , medication etc .
it is viewed by some as having a prime role as a respite for carers , others additionally see their role as assisting in the more practical needs such as baths , chiropody , medication [and so on] .

In looking at future development the service providers must address the geographic problems that can occur and also the duration of provision ( days , hours , weekends etc ) and consider whether these can best be met in a joint planning context .
in looking at future development the service providers must address the geographic problems that can occur and also the duration of provision ( days , hours , weekends [and so on] ) and consider whether these can best be met in a joint planning context .

Planners need to look at the long term provision of locally based day care as well as reviewing current provision in terms of suitability , costs etc .
planners need to look at the long term provision of locally based day care as well as reviewing current provision in terms of suitability , costs [and so on] .

Planners need to look thoroughly into transport from various points of view ; lack of provision , inappropriateness ( no tail lift , ambulances etc ) the unavailability at certain times , eg public holidays , weekends , and into the more flexible use of transport within the duration of the day .
planners need to look thoroughly into transport from various points of view ; lack of provision , inappropriateness ( no tail lift , ambulances [and so on] ) the unavailability at certain times , eg public holidays , weekends , and into the more flexible use of transport within the duration of the day .

Although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .
although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology [and so on] are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .

The day centre manager is totally responsible for the day to day management of the centre including transport , meals etc .
the day centre manager is totally responsible for the day to day management of the centre including transport , meals [and so on] .

The next part of the day is an exercise session and other simple games , eg passing of a ball and saying their name , use of coloured bean bags , large coloured floor dominoes , hoopla etc .
the next part of the day is an exercise session and other simple games , eg passing of a ball and saying their name , use of coloured bean bags , large coloured floor dominoes , hoopla [and so on] .

ii Example of a resident 's day 8 — 10.30 am Rise when awake assisted to dress/with personal hygiene assisted with breakfast 11– 12 noon group activities newspaper groups music/movement plan afternoon outings etc 12.00 — 12.30 Set tables for dinner 12.30 — 1.30 Lunch/assist with dishes 1.30– 2.00 Quiet period — neighbours 2.00– 3.15 Small group activities outings using mini bus Hairdressing games/quiz walks 3.15– 4.45 tea and relaxation 4.45– 6.00 set tables , Supper and dishwashing 6.00– 7.00 news/informal period 7.00– 9.00 Structured evenings can include : singsong videos bingo outside entertainers come in Drinks served at 8 pm Summary In all these activities we attempt to restore some choices to our residents , and having assessed each one individually before and after admission to the home , we can tailor each programme/activity to the individual strengths of our residents .
ii example of a resident 's day 8 — 10.30 am rise when awake assisted to dress/with personal hygiene assisted with breakfast 11– 12 noon group activities newspaper groups music/movement plan afternoon outings [and so on] 12.00 — 12.30 set tables for dinner 12.30 — 1.30 lunch/assist with dishes 1.30– 2.00 quiet period — neighbours 2.00– 3.15 small group activities outings using mini bus hairdressing games/quiz walks 3.15– 4.45 tea and relaxation 4.45– 6.00 set tables , supper and dishwashing 6.00– 7.00 news/informal period 7.00– 9.00 structured evenings can include : singsong videos bingo outside entertainers come in drinks served at 8 pm summary in all these activities we attempt to restore some choices to our residents , and having assessed each one individually before and after admission to the home , we can tailor each programme/activity to the individual strengths of our residents .

Bring up all your little highlight tones , etc .
bring up all your little highlight tones , [and so on] .

Consultation details , recording of clinical signs ( pulse rate , blood pressure , etc ) , treatment given , drugs taken after the attack ( at the time of final medical contact ) , and follow up arrangements were sought whether or not the patient was seen by a general practitioner or an accident and emergency department , was admitted to hospital , or experienced a combination of all three .
consultation details , recording of clinical signs ( pulse rate , blood pressure , [and so on] ) , treatment given , drugs taken after the attack ( at the time of final medical contact ) , and follow up arrangements were sought whether or not the patient was seen by a general practitioner or an accident and emergency department , was admitted to hospital , or experienced a combination of all three .

If propositions purporting to be about fictional things are to be accepted as meaningful , then it is only on condition that they can be paraphrased into propositions about non-fictional things ; for example , into propositions about persons who are thinking , alleging , claiming , etc .
if propositions purporting to be about fictional things are to be accepted as meaningful , then it is only on condition that they can be paraphrased into propositions about non-fictional things ; for example , into propositions about persons who are thinking , alleging , claiming , [and so on] .

We say `` true `` , `` correct `` , so it is , etc .
we say `` true `` , `` correct `` , so it is , [and so on] .

actually existed , that Napoleon actually existed , that Carthage once existed but no longer does , etc .
actually existed , that napoleon actually existed , that carthage once existed but no longer does , [and so on] .

This is not a particularly happy way of phrasing the objection , though , for the question immediately arises what is meant by `` can be used in the same way `` , `` the same sort of conditions `` , `` the same effect `` , etc .
this is not a particularly happy way of phrasing the objection , though , for the question immediately arises what is meant by `` can be used in the same way `` , `` the same sort of conditions `` , `` the same effect `` , [and so on] .

Basically , there are two types of identifying references to particulars : one involving the use of `` demonstratives `` ( demonstrative pronouns , personal pronouns , adverbs such as `` here `` , `` there `` , `` today `` etc . )
basically , there are two types of identifying references to particulars : one involving the use of `` demonstratives `` ( demonstrative pronouns , personal pronouns , adverbs such as `` here `` , `` there `` , `` today `` [and so on] . )

Thus that no more than three lines can intersect at right angles in a point ; that a line ( theoretically ) can be extended into infinity ; that congruent figures can be superimposed upon each other , while incongruent figures ca n't ( even though they are completely alike in all points ) etc .
thus that no more than three lines can intersect at right angles in a point ; that a line ( theoretically ) can be extended into infinity ; that congruent figures can be superimposed upon each other , while incongruent figures ca n't ( even though they are completely alike in all points ) [and so on] .

In a psychological context it means the compresence of simultaneously experienced qualities — visual , acoustic , tactile , etc .
in a psychological context it means the compresence of simultaneously experienced qualities — visual , acoustic , tactile , [and so on] .

On the other hand , to describe a person as a `` friend `` , or a `` colleague `` , or a `` cousin `` , etc .
on the other hand , to describe a person as a `` friend `` , or a `` colleague `` , or a `` cousin `` , [and so on] .

is implicitly to presuppose the existence of non-relational features of some kind or other , physical and/or non-physical characteristics , actions , attitudes , etc .
is implicitly to presuppose the existence of non-relational features of some kind or other , physical and/or non-physical characteristics , actions , attitudes , [and so on] .

Jones loves himself , blames himself , is his own severest critic , is conscious of what he is doing , etc .
jones loves himself , blames himself , is his own severest critic , is conscious of what he is doing , [and so on] .

Similarly no pluralist inferences can be drawn from `` mental `` relations such as desiring , believing , etc .
similarly no pluralist inferences can be drawn from `` mental `` relations such as desiring , believing , [and so on] .

It is sometimes claimed , and more often tacitly assumed , that spatio-temporal relations belong in this category , and that , accordingly , relational expressions such as `` to the left of `` , `` before `` , etc should be treated as logically basic simple symbols .
it is sometimes claimed , and more often tacitly assumed , that spatio-temporal relations belong in this category , and that , accordingly , relational expressions such as `` to the left of `` , `` before `` , [and so on] should be treated as logically basic simple symbols .

that x is to the left of y , or above y , or that it precedes yin a time series , etc .
that x is to the left of y , or above y , or that it precedes yin a time series , [and so on] .

We learnt prenatal diagnostic methods ( screening of α fetoprotein concentration , triple testing , etc ) from experts in Britain and have helped to develop new primary preventive methods .
we learnt prenatal diagnostic methods ( screening of α fetoprotein concentration , triple testing , [and so on] ) from experts in britain and have helped to develop new primary preventive methods .

For example , it may be possible to determine that one group of contexts represents a building , which was covered by a group of contexts representing a paved area , which in turn was covered by a group of contexts representing another building , etc .
for example , it may be possible to determine that one group of contexts represents a building , which was covered by a group of contexts representing a paved area , which in turn was covered by a group of contexts representing another building , [and so on] .

Likewise , this pattern of organization extends into associations of employers , professionals , etc .
likewise , this pattern of organization extends into associations of employers , professionals , [and so on] .

The modern notion of a distinctive regional identity dates from the 1930s and was reinforced by the involvement of significant local elites in regional planning , etc .
the modern notion of a distinctive regional identity dates from the 1930s and was reinforced by the involvement of significant local elites in regional planning , [and so on] .

The growth areas over the period 1971–84 were financial services , with an increase of 11 000 jobs ( more than twice the 1971 figures ) , and distribution , etc .
the growth areas over the period 1971–84 were financial services , with an increase of 11 000 jobs ( more than twice the 1971 figures ) , and distribution , [and so on] .

In 1987 , a consultant 's report estimated that some 250 jobs ( including road haulage , etc . )
in 1987 , a consultant 's report estimated that some 250 jobs ( including road haulage , [and so on] . )

However , the North East has another related tradition of ultra-incorporated labourism in local government and involving trade union officials in corporatist regional boards , etc .
however , the north east has another related tradition of ultra-incorporated labourism in local government and involving trade union officials in corporatist regional boards , [and so on] .

One race , de Human Race etc ,
one race , de human race [and so on] ,

Chinese traded wid de Arabs etc ,
chinese traded wid de arabs [and so on] ,

My belief that all men are mortal is caused , but not by the fact that all men are mortal ; if any facts cause it , they are the facts that this man , that man , etc .
my belief that all men are mortal is caused , but not by the fact that all men are mortal ; if any facts cause it , they are the facts that this man , that man , [and so on] .

It is true that you are sitting etc .
it is true that you are sitting [and so on] .

, you believe that you are sitting etc .
, you believe that you are sitting [and so on] .

, if you were not sitting etc .
, if you were not sitting [and so on] .

you would not believe that you are , and if you were sitting etc .
you would not believe that you are , and if you were sitting [and so on] .

First , it can reinforce our intuitions that you know that you are sitting reading etc .
first , it can reinforce our intuitions that you know that you are sitting reading [and so on] .

, that you know that if you are sitting reading etc .
, that you know that if you are sitting reading [and so on] .

It is a research programme which sets out to show how it is that our beliefs about an external world , about science , about a past and a future , about other minds , etc .
it is a research programme which sets out to show how it is that our beliefs about an external world , about science , about a past and a future , about other minds , [and so on] .

Alston ( 1971 ) analyses the differences between infallibility , incorrigibility , indubitability etc .
alston ( 1971 ) analyses the differences between infallibility , incorrigibility , indubitability [and so on] .

Now there is nothing wrong with this argument as it stands , but it is weak ; it assumes that there are other minds than our own , and argues only that we may be mistaken about their states , thinking someone to be happy when she is really sad , etc .
now there is nothing wrong with this argument as it stands , but it is weak ; it assumes that there are other minds than our own , and argues only that we may be mistaken about their states , thinking someone to be happy when she is really sad , [and so on] .

Might n't it be the case that those other bodies with which we seem to have personal relations of friendship , dislike etc .
might n't it be the case that those other bodies with which we seem to have personal relations of friendship , dislike [and so on] .

Objectivity is that element of the practice which involves checking , reassessing , abandoning old positions , complaining about others , etc .
objectivity is that element of the practice which involves checking , reassessing , abandoning old positions , complaining about others , [and so on] .

Here , there are also formal links ( So , she , etc . )
here , there are also formal links ( so , she , [and so on] . )

These are also utterances in which saying is doing , and they too are only successful if certain felicity conditions are fulfilled , but , unlike declarations , their related verbs ( vow , arrest , declare , etc . )
these are also utterances in which saying is doing , and they too are only successful if certain felicity conditions are fulfilled , but , unlike declarations , their related verbs ( vow , arrest , declare , [and so on] . )

the non-linguistic context : pictures , diagrams , etc .
the non-linguistic context : pictures , diagrams , [and so on] .

Whereas , as we shall note , written language is , in general , used for primarily transactional purposes , it is possible to find written genres whose purpose is not primarily to inform but to maintain social relationships-'thank you' letters , love letters , games of consequences , etc .
whereas , as we shall note , written language is , in general , used for primarily transactional purposes , it is possible to find written genres whose purpose is not primarily to inform but to maintain social relationships-'thank you' letters , love letters , games of consequences , [and so on] .

The remaining features of context which Hymes discusses ( in 1964 ) include large-scale features like channel ( how is contact between the participants in the event being maintained — by speech , writing , signing , smoke signals ) , code ( what language , or dialect , or style of language is being used ) , message-form ( what form is intended — chat , debate , sermon , fairy-tale , sonnet , love-letter , etc . )
the remaining features of context which hymes discusses ( in 1964 ) include large-scale features like channel ( how is contact between the participants in the event being maintained — by speech , writing , signing , smoke signals ) , code ( what language , or dialect , or style of language is being used ) , message-form ( what form is intended — chat , debate , sermon , fairy-tale , sonnet , love-letter , [and so on] . )

In later recensions Hymes adds other features , for example key ( which involves evaluation — was it a good sermon , a pathetic explanation , etc . )
in later recensions hymes adds other features , for example key ( which involves evaluation — was it a good sermon , a pathetic explanation , [and so on] . )

audience co-ordinate : to account for sentences including you , yours , yourself , etc .
audience co-ordinate : to account for sentences including you , yours , yourself , [and so on] .

indicated object co-ordinate : to account for sentences containing demonstrative phrases like this , those , etc .
indicated object co-ordinate : to account for sentences containing demonstrative phrases like this , those , [and so on] .

previous discourse co-ordinate : to account for sentences including phrases like the latter , the aforementioned , etc .
previous discourse co-ordinate : to account for sentences including phrases like the latter , the aforementioned , [and so on] .

We suggested there that the strategy available to him would be , on the one hand , to work predictively in terms of his previous experience ( similar speakers , similar genres , etc . )
we suggested there that the strategy available to him would be , on the one hand , to work predictively in terms of his previous experience ( similar speakers , similar genres , [and so on] . )

Within the domain of a particular discourse fragment are the people , places , entities , events , facts , etc .
within the domain of a particular discourse fragment are the people , places , entities , events , facts , [and so on] .

What is ‘ the topic ’ of ( 6 ) — little Richard or his Toronto school or his Newfie jokes , etc .
what is ‘ the topic ’ of ( 6 ) — little richard or his toronto school or his newfie jokes , [and so on] .

The paragraph structure of different genres , such as scientific textbook writing , repair manuals , nineteenth-century novels , etc .
the paragraph structure of different genres , such as scientific textbook writing , repair manuals , nineteenth-century novels , [and so on] .

Desirable though the four parters might be story-wise , both Whitaker and Verity Lambert recognised the expense overheads in having so many ‘ first nights ’ ( ie : new serials with new props , sets , cast , etc . )
desirable though the four parters might be story-wise , both whitaker and verity lambert recognised the expense overheads in having so many ‘ first nights ’ ( ie : new serials with new props , sets , cast , [and so on] . )

Stock film of snowy wastelands , blizzard conditions , howling wolves , etc .
stock film of snowy wastelands , blizzard conditions , howling wolves , [and so on] .

Not only was production somewhat slipshod — with cameras crashing into scenery , sound effects drowning out voices , etc — but the whole dramatic structure was wrong in their eyes too .
not only was production somewhat slipshod — with cameras crashing into scenery , sound effects drowning out voices , [and so on] — but the whole dramatic structure was wrong in their eyes too .

Consequently when commercial artists and manufacturers began using these photographs as reference for comic strips , book illustrations , box tops etc .
consequently when commercial artists and manufacturers began using these photographs as reference for comic strips , book illustrations , box tops [and so on] .

It 's up to you to give him the visual reference material from which he can start planning his camera angles , his cast positionings , etc .
it 's up to you to give him the visual reference material from which he can start planning his camera angles , his cast positionings , [and so on] .

So when you have sets with collapsing walls , ceilings of spikes , etc .
so when you have sets with collapsing walls , ceilings of spikes , [and so on] .

Once all the correct lenses have been swung into place and focussing is complete , the initial dialogue between the time-travellers can be made more interesting by switching between close-ups , mid-shots , group shots , etc .
once all the correct lenses have been swung into place and focussing is complete , the initial dialogue between the time-travellers can be made more interesting by switching between close-ups , mid-shots , group shots , [and so on] .

In one school of thinking , durables , pharmaceutical goods , insurance , etc .
in one school of thinking , durables , pharmaceutical goods , insurance , [and so on] .

Marketing objectives are specific targets set in terms of sales , profit , share , distribution , consumer penetration , re-purchase , etc .
marketing objectives are specific targets set in terms of sales , profit , share , distribution , consumer penetration , re-purchase , [and so on] .

The market in which our brand competes : trends in sales , consumption , distribution ; the state of product development ; the level of competitive advertising and promotional activity ; patterns of consumption — are there heavy or light users of the products and who are they ? etc .
the market in which our brand competes : trends in sales , consumption , distribution ; the state of product development ; the level of competitive advertising and promotional activity ; patterns of consumption — are there heavy or light users of the products and who are they ? [and so on] .

In practice , one should consider here all the different forms of communication of the product to the consumer , and allocate to each , and to sales activity , product development , market research , etc .
in practice , one should consider here all the different forms of communication of the product to the consumer , and allocate to each , and to sales activity , product development , market research , [and so on] .

Meanwhile , the most useful descriptions remain a combination of the ‘ traditional ’ social grades , plus the other demographics ( age , sex , etc . )
meanwhile , the most useful descriptions remain a combination of the ‘ traditional ’ social grades , plus the other demographics ( age , sex , [and so on] . )

Econometrics relies on statistical analysis , chiefly of a kind called multiple regression , which is designed to establish correlations ( and — hopefully — the causal sequence ) between sales and advertising , price changes , promotions , competitive activity , etc .
econometrics relies on statistical analysis , chiefly of a kind called multiple regression , which is designed to establish correlations ( and — hopefully — the causal sequence ) between sales and advertising , price changes , promotions , competitive activity , [and so on] .

It seems unlikely , however , that the basic geography of the network will change , since a whole range of marketing data and infrastructure — market research panels , sales force organizations , etc .
it seems unlikely , however , that the basic geography of the network will change , since a whole range of marketing data and infrastructure — market research panels , sales force organizations , [and so on] .

Branches of Dillons , Books Etc and Bookland have been taken to task over the wording on their sale signposting and promotional material , including material provided by the National Book Sale .
branches of dillons , books [and so on] and bookland have been taken to task over the wording on their sale signposting and promotional material , including material provided by the national book sale .

Longman has retrieved Robert O'Neill — the maestro of short course writing ( Kernel , Fourth Dimension , etc ) — to produce Longman English Works .
longman has retrieved robert o'neill — the maestro of short course writing ( kernel , fourth dimension , [and so on] ) — to produce longman english works .

The video had originally come into use as a promotional device — a way for a group to receive television coverage , in Britain and abroad , without the expensive and time-consuming necessity of travel , hotel bills , etc .
the video had originally come into use as a promotional device — a way for a group to receive television coverage , in britain and abroad , without the expensive and time-consuming necessity of travel , hotel bills , [and so on] .

The individual squares will be called ’ a1 ’ , ’ b2 ’ , etc .
the individual squares will be called ’ a1 ’ , ’ b2 ’ , [and so on] .

mix the chopped mushrooms with the eggs ; etc .
mix the chopped mushrooms with the eggs ; [and so on] .

pour whisked eggs and mushrooms into hot fat in the pan ; etc .
pour whisked eggs and mushrooms into hot fat in the pan ; [and so on] .

There are two relevant preconditions before an order ‘ to take steps , ’ etc .
there are two relevant preconditions before an order ‘ to take steps , ’ [and so on] .

We find the reference in section 12 to duties , etc .
we find the reference in section 12 to duties , [and so on] .

Taxation is no more than a quantification machinery by means of which the recoverable amount of costs , disbursements , expenses , etc .
taxation is no more than a quantification machinery by means of which the recoverable amount of costs , disbursements , expenses , [and so on] .

Such representation must take the form of an onshore administrative unit of the undertaking , commensurate with the size of the latter and operating with responsibility for the technical and commercial management of the fishing vessels concerned ( manning , wages , welfare benefits , leave , taxation , repairs , ships ' supplies , etc . )
such representation must take the form of an onshore administrative unit of the undertaking , commensurate with the size of the latter and operating with responsibility for the technical and commercial management of the fishing vessels concerned ( manning , wages , welfare benefits , leave , taxation , repairs , ships ' supplies , [and so on] . )

Examples of such exactions are overtolls paid to the keepers of toll-bridges and turnpikes , excessive fees demanded by sheriffs , pound-keepers , etc .
examples of such exactions are overtolls paid to the keepers of toll-bridges and turnpikes , excessive fees demanded by sheriffs , pound-keepers , [and so on] .

Examples of such exactions are overtolls paid to the keepers of toll-bridges and turnpikes , excessive fees demanded by sheriffs , pound-keepers , etc .
examples of such exactions are overtolls paid to the keepers of toll-bridges and turnpikes , excessive fees demanded by sheriffs , pound-keepers , [and so on] .

‘ Though the agreement be void by the Statute of Frauds as to the duration of the lease , it must regulate the terms on which the tenancy subsists in other respects , as to the rent , the time of year when the tenant is to quit , etc .
‘ though the agreement be void by the statute of frauds as to the duration of the lease , it must regulate the terms on which the tenancy subsists in other respects , as to the rent , the time of year when the tenant is to quit , [and so on] .

Monetary limits applicable for small bankruptcies , a reference to an insolvency practitioner for a report on a possible voluntary arrangement etc , are set out in the Insolvency Proceedings ( Monetary Limits ) Order 1986 .
monetary limits applicable for small bankruptcies , a reference to an insolvency practitioner for a report on a possible voluntary arrangement [and so on] , are set out in the insolvency proceedings ( monetary limits ) order 1986 .

The remuneration of the interim receiver will be fixed by the court from time to time , taking into account the time spent , the complexity of the matter , the value and nature of the property , etc and will be paid either by the debtor ( if no bankruptcy order is made ) or out of the debtor 's assets as a charge upon them ( r6.56 ) .
the remuneration of the interim receiver will be fixed by the court from time to time , taking into account the time spent , the complexity of the matter , the value and nature of the property , [and so on] and will be paid either by the debtor ( if no bankruptcy order is made ) or out of the debtor 's assets as a charge upon them ( r6.56 ) .

4 Paper , forms etc
4 paper , forms [and so on]

Through our planning consultants we enquired of Fareham Council whether we could demolish it without the need to obtain planning permission to replace it ( in the same place , size , shape etc ) .
through our planning consultants we enquired of fareham council whether we could demolish it without the need to obtain planning permission to replace it ( in the same place , size , shape [and so on] ) .

The material consists of twenty-nine complete and fragmentary brooches of 1st century types — Colchester and Nauheim derivatives , thistle brooches etc — similar to those illustrated .
the material consists of twenty-nine complete and fragmentary brooches of 1st century types — colchester and nauheim derivatives , thistle brooches [and so on] — similar to those illustrated .

So far as modern alloys are concerned , their names ( eg ‘ copper-nickel ’ , aluminium-copper ’ etc ) often indicate the main ingredients . With the older alloys , however , the descriptions used seem more intended to conceal rather than reveal the ingredients !
so far as modern alloys are concerned , their names ( eg ‘ copper-nickel ’ , aluminium-copper ’ [and so on] ) often indicate the main ingredients . with the older alloys , however , the descriptions used seem more intended to conceal rather than reveal the ingredients !

Again , the finishes may be obvious from the terms used | ( eg ‘ chromium- plated ’ , ‘ silver plated ’ etc ) .
again , the finishes may be obvious from the terms used | ( eg ‘ chromium- plated ’ , ‘ silver plated ’ [and so on] ) .

However , readers are advised to phone the Club Secretary on before a long journey to check on meeting and/or speakers etc .
however , readers are advised to phone the club secretary on before a long journey to check on meeting and/or speakers [and so on] .

That item of news is of great interest to me , for if true , it must be one of the few surviving examples of how the church , since the earliest times , has absorbed Pagan shrines into Roman temples into Saxon churches , etc .
that item of news is of great interest to me , for if true , it must be one of the few surviving examples of how the church , since the earliest times , has absorbed pagan shrines into roman temples into saxon churches , [and so on] .

Once the prescription is dispensed , it 's sent to one of several pricing offices , which use this column to mark down how much the medicines or other products ( eg hosiery , dressings etc ) cost .
once the prescription is dispensed , it 's sent to one of several pricing offices , which use this column to mark down how much the medicines or other products ( eg hosiery , dressings [and so on] ) cost .

Deanne Petherbridge 's explosive imaginary architectonics emanate from this artist 's acute critical investigations into drawing as a genre and its media ; she brought her awareness of the new art history and gender studies to bear on a recent selection of works in pencil , charcoal , pen and ink , etc for a touring exhibition .
deanne petherbridge 's explosive imaginary architectonics emanate from this artist 's acute critical investigations into drawing as a genre and its media ; she brought her awareness of the new art history and gender studies to bear on a recent selection of works in pencil , charcoal , pen and ink , [and so on] for a touring exhibition .

Because of the present confusion in East Berlin , the owners of the buildings are unknown and many of them have been taken over by squatters from all over the world who make paintings , installations and sculpture frequently from old junk and scrap metal , create theatre and festivals , run parties and discos , bars etc .
because of the present confusion in east berlin , the owners of the buildings are unknown and many of them have been taken over by squatters from all over the world who make paintings , installations and sculpture frequently from old junk and scrap metal , create theatre and festivals , run parties and discos , bars [and so on] .

One reason given for the pig 's bad name ( ‘ pig-headed ’ etc ) is that it is probably the least subordinate of the mainstream domestic animals ( pace cats ) .
one reason given for the pig 's bad name ( ‘ pig-headed ’ [and so on] ) is that it is probably the least subordinate of the mainstream domestic animals ( pace cats ) .

In order to confront the denial system of the sufferer , but at the same time not cause it to be so aroused as to be counter productive , it may be helpful to avoid specific terms such as `` alcoholic `` , `` drug addict `` , `` anorexic `` , `` alcoholism `` , `` drug addiction `` , `` anorexia `` and substitute a phrase such as `` stress and depression and problems with alcohol ( or drugs or food etc ) `` or simply `` problems in your life `` .
in order to confront the denial system of the sufferer , but at the same time not cause it to be so aroused as to be counter productive , it may be helpful to avoid specific terms such as `` alcoholic `` , `` drug addict `` , `` anorexic `` , `` alcoholism `` , `` drug addiction `` , `` anorexia `` and substitute a phrase such as `` stress and depression and problems with alcohol ( or drugs or food [and so on] ) `` or simply `` problems in your life `` .

The above example also illustrates the point that if , in , any of Pi is a conditional , then it may be unfolded using , etc .
the above example also illustrates the point that if , in , any of pi is a conditional , then it may be unfolded using , [and so on] .

Where an application under the Act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , etc .
where an application under the act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , [and so on] .

( 2 ) ( b ) or ( 3 ) ( b ) where the failure has been caused by the removal , obscuring , etc .
( 2 ) ( b ) or ( 3 ) ( b ) where the failure has been caused by the removal , obscuring , [and so on] .

Remember that the clock , stop-watch , navigation instruments , engine gauges , etc , must be included for continuous or occasional scan .
remember that the clock , stop-watch , navigation instruments , engine gauges , [and so on] , must be included for continuous or occasional scan .

Check that de-icing equipment — Boots , Fluid , Heat etc — is operating .
check that de-icing equipment — boots , fluid , heat [and so on] — is operating .

This information is useful if you want to plot wind effect etc , on holding and let-down patterns .
this information is useful if you want to plot wind effect [and so on] , on holding and let-down patterns .

The time specified on a let-down chart such as 1 , 2 or 3 minutes , etc , is in fact quite meaningless and dangerous unless associated with a specific distance and speed .
the time specified on a let-down chart such as 1 , 2 or 3 minutes , [and so on] , is in fact quite meaningless and dangerous unless associated with a specific distance and speed .

Always `` Squawk Standby `` when changing codes to avoid accidental display of emergency codes etc .
always `` squawk standby `` when changing codes to avoid accidental display of emergency codes [and so on] .

That is why there is so much stress in Luke 's account of the life of Jesus that his deeds and words were at the inspiration of the Spirit ( Luke 4:1,14 ; 10:21 ; 23:46 , etc . )
that is why there is so much stress in luke 's account of the life of jesus that his deeds and words were at the inspiration of the spirit ( luke 4:1,14 ; 10:21 ; 23:46 , [and so on] . )

It is also a straightforward matter to create new words — and so to frame new concepts — by the use of prefixes , suffixes , etc , a quality sanctioned rather than frowned upon by the Sanskrit grammarians .
it is also a straightforward matter to create new words — and so to frame new concepts — by the use of prefixes , suffixes , [and so on] , a quality sanctioned rather than frowned upon by the sanskrit grammarians .

Since Satyagraha ( 1980 ) was in Sanskrit it posed a different set of problems for the singer than Einstein in which there were no words at all ( other than spoken monologues ) , the text being composed of numbers and solfege syllables ( do , re , mi etc ) .
since satyagraha ( 1980 ) was in sanskrit it posed a different set of problems for the singer than einstein in which there were no words at all ( other than spoken monologues ) , the text being composed of numbers and solfege syllables ( do , re , mi [and so on] ) .

The `` relevant population `` might be consumers , industrial buyers , retail outlets , government buying agencies etc .
the `` relevant population `` might be consumers , industrial buyers , retail outlets , government buying agencies [and so on] .

The sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing capability ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .
the sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing capability ( [and so on] ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .

This information will , again , come from government census statistics , classifications of residential neighbourhoods etc .
this information will , again , come from government census statistics , classifications of residential neighbourhoods [and so on] .

But this must be balanced by an overview about trends in customer behaviour , economic conditions ( etc ) that are likely to affect loner term market conditions .
but this must be balanced by an overview about trends in customer behaviour , economic conditions ( [and so on] ) that are likely to affect loner term market conditions .

It may then be able to forecast more clearly the outcome of variations in its product and marketing policies-advertising expenditures ( etc ) in terms of possible sales .
it may then be able to forecast more clearly the outcome of variations in its product and marketing policies-advertising expenditures ( [and so on] ) in terms of possible sales .

5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .
5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( [and so on] ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .

It involves an analysis of environmental trends likely to affect sales levels , and a detailed examination of those environmental conditions ( such as changes in people 's life-style , standard of education ( etc ) ) for which specific forecasts have to be constructed .
it involves an analysis of environmental trends likely to affect sales levels , and a detailed examination of those environmental conditions ( such as changes in people 's life-style , standard of education ( [and so on] ) ) for which specific forecasts have to be constructed .

For instance , the high rate of scientific and technological development in the field of semiconductors during the past two or three decades has meant that technological forecasting has become a crucial part of sales and market forecasting for companies manufacturing electronic and telecommunication products , computers etc .
for instance , the high rate of scientific and technological development in the field of semiconductors during the past two or three decades has meant that technological forecasting has become a crucial part of sales and market forecasting for companies manufacturing electronic and telecommunication products , computers [and so on] .

Forecasters may attempt to identify shifts as between , say : * preferences towards work and leisure orientations ; * preferences for individually determined as opposed to governmentally determined expenditure ( eg pressure for tax reductions , restricting local government expenditure etc ) ; * traditional authority/religious personal ethics as opposed to personal freedom and individualistic behaviour .
forecasters may attempt to identify shifts as between , say : * preferences towards work and leisure orientations ; * preferences for individually determined as opposed to governmentally determined expenditure ( eg pressure for tax reductions , restricting local government expenditure [and so on] ) ; * traditional authority/religious personal ethics as opposed to personal freedom and individualistic behaviour .

For instance , the value of the total toy market is a function of the number of children of the relevant ages , the access of these children ( as permitted by their parents ) to retail outlets , and industry or market research figures for per capita expenditure per child on toys , suitably adjusted for inflation , increased in personal disposable income ( etc ) .
for instance , the value of the total toy market is a function of the number of children of the relevant ages , the access of these children ( as permitted by their parents ) to retail outlets , and industry or market research figures for per capita expenditure per child on toys , suitably adjusted for inflation , increased in personal disposable income ( [and so on] ) .

Once these kinds of needs are satisfied , the theory suggests that individual motivations will be shaped by behaviour that is associated with : The need to gain self-esteem in the eyes of other people , for instance through the possession of prestigious objects , taking expensive holidays , making donations to charity , etc .
once these kinds of needs are satisfied , the theory suggests that individual motivations will be shaped by behaviour that is associated with : the need to gain self-esteem in the eyes of other people , for instance through the possession of prestigious objects , taking expensive holidays , making donations to charity , [and so on] .

Music , Self-catering and `` get away from it all `` holidays , book publishing , and creative pastimes such as painting , model building ( etc ) are all attractive to these personality traits .
music , self-catering and `` get away from it all `` holidays , book publishing , and creative pastimes such as painting , model building ( [and so on] ) are all attractive to these personality traits .

These subcultures may have distinct characteristics , being based on ethnic , religious , geographical , social or age factors ( etc ) .
these subcultures may have distinct characteristics , being based on ethnic , religious , geographical , social or age factors ( [and so on] ) .

2.4 Life-style Life-style refers to distinctive ways of living , purchase and consumption habits ( etc ) adopted by particular groups in society .
2.4 life-style life-style refers to distinctive ways of living , purchase and consumption habits ( [and so on] ) adopted by particular groups in society .

This has major marketing implications , for the Jones will now become active members in the markets for housing , mortgage finance , furniture and home appliances , do-it-yourself and gardening products insurance ( etc ) .
this has major marketing implications , for the jones will now become active members in the markets for housing , mortgage finance , furniture and home appliances , do-it-yourself and gardening products insurance ( [and so on] ) .

Notwithstanding her relationship to her husband , the young housewife is likely to pay particular heed to the views of her own mother , especially in expenditures on housewares and domestic consumer durables like cookers , freezers ( etc ) .
notwithstanding her relationship to her husband , the young housewife is likely to pay particular heed to the views of her own mother , especially in expenditures on housewares and domestic consumer durables like cookers , freezers ( [and so on] ) .

The marketer will , therefore , have to adapt his promotional and distribution arrangements ( etc ) to meet this additional complication .
the marketer will , therefore , have to adapt his promotional and distribution arrangements ( [and so on] ) to meet this additional complication .

For instance , the major suppliers of earthmoving plant , backhoe loaders , excavators ( etc ) have their own finance houses , who can offer attractive loan finance or leasing packages to the manufacturer 's existing and potential customers .
for instance , the major suppliers of earthmoving plant , backhoe loaders , excavators ( [and so on] ) have their own finance houses , who can offer attractive loan finance or leasing packages to the manufacturer 's existing and potential customers .

Contingency factors Industrial market conditions are usually subject to a variety of contingencies , such as the development of buyer power , large buyers seeking small customers , the placing of conditions on specification and terms of supply , etc .
contingency factors industrial market conditions are usually subject to a variety of contingencies , such as the development of buyer power , large buyers seeking small customers , the placing of conditions on specification and terms of supply , [and so on] .

* the user has perhaps to budget for the cost of the item , and will wish to maximise the value for money he or she can obtain from the expenditure ; * the user has to cope with the consequences of late delivery , faulty products , breakdowns and servicing requirements ( etc ) ; * the user will be concerned with product reliability and supplier reputation .
* the user has perhaps to budget for the cost of the item , and will wish to maximise the value for money he or she can obtain from the expenditure ; * the user has to cope with the consequences of late delivery , faulty products , breakdowns and servicing requirements ( [and so on] ) ; * the user will be concerned with product reliability and supplier reputation .

It must know about product ranges and specifications , production and servicing arrangements , the names of salespeople , addresses , phone numbers ( etc ) .
it must know about product ranges and specifications , production and servicing arrangements , the names of salespeople , addresses , phone numbers ( [and so on] ) .

For a start , the supplier 's marketing department must try to identify and reach technical specialists , engineers , technical buyers ( etc ) .
for a start , the supplier 's marketing department must try to identify and reach technical specialists , engineers , technical buyers ( [and so on] ) .

This image might be one of reliability and technical competence , of innovation or sensitivity to customer needs ( etc ) .
this image might be one of reliability and technical competence , of innovation or sensitivity to customer needs ( [and so on] ) .

Food is consumed at home , in restaurants or burger bars ( etc ) , or eaten `` on the hoof `` from takeaways .
food is consumed at home , in restaurants or burger bars ( [and so on] ) , or eaten `` on the hoof `` from takeaways .

They need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .
they need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship [and so on] ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .

Etc Etc
[and so on] [and so on]

Etc etc
[and so on] [and so on]

The actual content ( Anthrax plus hooker 's breasts , Manitoba 's Wild Kingdom plus a junk food mountain etc etc ad nauseum ) is insulting enough but the video magazine format soon gets right up your nose .
the actual content ( anthrax plus hooker 's breasts , manitoba 's wild kingdom plus a junk food mountain [and so on] [and so on] ad nauseum ) is insulting enough but the video magazine format soon gets right up your nose .

The work will involve the linking of crop-climate ( those that simulate how plant growth responds to weather ) to complex economic models of the world food systems ( its tariff structure , pricing mechanisms , etc ) .
the work will involve the linking of crop-climate ( those that simulate how plant growth responds to weather ) to complex economic models of the world food systems ( its tariff structure , pricing mechanisms , [and so on] ) .

17.01 : Address envelopes for begging letters to charities etc .
17.01 : address envelopes for begging letters to charities [and so on] .

Coats on and out for bikes etc .
coats on and out for bikes [and so on] .

Girls … are shown wallpapering across the door of a room … as prizes to be won by competing males … as onlookers while the boys cheer Match of the Day … as items to be scaled down from fat to thin , etc .
girls … are shown wallpapering across the door of a room … as prizes to be won by competing males … as onlookers while the boys cheer match of the day … as items to be scaled down from fat to thin , [and so on] .

Sociologists , as Oakley ( 1974 ) pointed out , have elected to focus on power , particularly as exercised through politics , the law , business etc .
sociologists , as oakley ( 1974 ) pointed out , have elected to focus on power , particularly as exercised through politics , the law , business [and so on] .

Firm infrastructure : planning , legal , financial , accounting , general management , etc .
firm infrastructure : planning , legal , financial , accounting , general management , [and so on] .

’ Obviously Miles did not trust her with his camera or there might have been a matching sequence of ‘ Miles in front of a shop … Miles in this bar place … ’ etc .
’ obviously miles did not trust her with his camera or there might have been a matching sequence of ‘ miles in front of a shop … miles in this bar place … ’ [and so on] .

He then performed some simple experiments to test whether the digger wasp recognized her own entrance by the distinctive array of odd objects ( haphazardly fallen sticks , pine cones , stones etc . )
he then performed some simple experiments to test whether the digger wasp recognized her own entrance by the distinctive array of odd objects ( haphazardly fallen sticks , pine cones , stones [and so on] . )

First , there is the notorious difficulty of deciding whether a case should be categorised as judicial , administrative , executive , etc .
first , there is the notorious difficulty of deciding whether a case should be categorised as judicial , administrative , executive , [and so on] .

In some it may approximate to the full panoply of procedural safeguards including notice , oral hearing , representation , discovery , right to cross examine and reasoned decisions , etc .
in some it may approximate to the full panoply of procedural safeguards including notice , oral hearing , representation , discovery , right to cross examine and reasoned decisions , [and so on] .

The elements in the bracket represent the need for time certain , intent of the parties , amount of fixture and fittings , etc .
the elements in the bracket represent the need for time certain , intent of the parties , amount of fixture and fittings , [and so on] .

Any blunder concerning a , b , c , etc .
any blunder concerning a , b , c , [and so on] .

First , in what may be termed classic jurisdictional fact cases such as ‘ if a furnished tenancy , or resources , etc .
first , in what may be termed classic jurisdictional fact cases such as ‘ if a furnished tenancy , or resources , [and so on] .

At one stage it appears as if the substantive meaning of unreasonable is simply one strand of the umbrella to be juxtaposed to irrelevancy , mala fide , etc .
at one stage it appears as if the substantive meaning of unreasonable is simply one strand of the umbrella to be juxtaposed to irrelevancy , mala fide , [and so on] .

common social factors ( age , race , social status etc )
common social factors ( age , race , social status [and so on] )

Roles played by members ( leader , peacemaker etc ) .
roles played by members ( leader , peacemaker [and so on] ) .

Nature of the task ( problem-solving , production etc )
nature of the task ( problem-solving , production [and so on] )

ie the things that can not be changed in the short-term ( task , group size , members ' knowhow etc )
ie the things that can not be changed in the short-term ( task , group size , members ' knowhow [and so on] )

The raw data are the basic facts and figures of operational life , such as output figures , hours worked , invoice values , part numbers etc .
the raw data are the basic facts and figures of operational life , such as output figures , hours worked , invoice values , part numbers [and so on] .

Control systems which monitor the organization 's activities and report on them , eg production output , sales revenue etc .
control systems which monitor the organization 's activities and report on them , eg production output , sales revenue [and so on] .

Enquiry systems , based on either internal or external databases , for carrying out investigations into the performance of departments , product lines , competitors etc .
enquiry systems , based on either internal or external databases , for carrying out investigations into the performance of departments , product lines , competitors [and so on] .

Decision support systems , providing computer-based facilities for conducting analyses , simulations etc .
decision support systems , providing computer-based facilities for conducting analyses , simulations [and so on] .

— Analyses of costs/expenditure etc
— analyses of costs/expenditure [and so on]

Events are shown as a circle or node and are usually identified by a short description of the event or by a number ( l , 2 , 3 etc ) .
events are shown as a circle or node and are usually identified by a short description of the event or by a number ( l , 2 , 3 [and so on] ) .

Work in progress ( partly-finished goods/sub-assemblies etc )
work in progress ( partly-finished goods/sub-assemblies [and so on] )

The two basic costs of inventory items are ( i ) ordering costs ie wages , administration and transport costs etc , and ( ii ) carrying , or holding costs ie interest on money invested in stock , storage costs , insurance costs etc .
the two basic costs of inventory items are ( i ) ordering costs ie wages , administration and transport costs [and so on] , and ( ii ) carrying , or holding costs ie interest on money invested in stock , storage costs , insurance costs [and so on] .

Most integrated circuits are what are called ‘ general purpose chips ’ with circuits designed to handle one or more major functions of the host device ( eg microcomputer , washing-machine programmer etc ) .
most integrated circuits are what are called ‘ general purpose chips ’ with circuits designed to handle one or more major functions of the host device ( eg microcomputer , washing-machine programmer [and so on] ) .

improved productivity in processing documents , reports , letters etc
improved productivity in processing documents , reports , letters [and so on]

The new systems are gradually being integrated into the other leading office systems ( computer networks , word-processors etc ) .
the new systems are gradually being integrated into the other leading office systems ( computer networks , word-processors [and so on] ) .

the general implications ( economic , social etc )
the general implications ( economic , social [and so on] )

Substantial savings on overheads due to reduction in office space required as disk storage replaces filing cabinets etc
substantial savings on overheads due to reduction in office space required as disk storage replaces filing cabinets [and so on]

One way of distinguishing between them is to define needs as basic physical and psychological drives arising from being human ( eg need for food , clothing , self-esteem etc ) , and to define wants as specific desires directed towards fulfilling the basic needs .
one way of distinguishing between them is to define needs as basic physical and psychological drives arising from being human ( eg need for food , clothing , self-esteem [and so on] ) , and to define wants as specific desires directed towards fulfilling the basic needs .

Once the market situation ( customers , competitors , suppliers , middlemen etc ) has been identified and evaluated , and once the decision has been made to penetrate , or develop , a particular market , then the role of the marketing mix is crucial .
once the market situation ( customers , competitors , suppliers , middlemen [and so on] ) has been identified and evaluated , and once the decision has been made to penetrate , or develop , a particular market , then the role of the marketing mix is crucial .

the press — newspapers , magazines , journals etc
the press — newspapers , magazines , journals [and so on]

outdoor — hoardings , transport advertisements etc
outdoor — hoardings , transport advertisements [and so on]

increase customer familiarity with a product ( or variations of it eg brand , product-range etc )
increase customer familiarity with a product ( or variations of it eg brand , product-range [and so on] )

after-sales servicing ( dealing with technical queries , delivery matters etc )
after-sales servicing ( dealing with technical queries , delivery matters [and so on] )

gathering information ( feedback on customer reactions , competitors ' activities etc )
gathering information ( feedback on customer reactions , competitors ' activities [and so on] )

communicating regular information to customers and prospective buyers ( new catalogues etc )
communicating regular information to customers and prospective buyers ( new catalogues [and so on] )

his own organization ( Customer policies , resources available , organization structure etc )
his own organization ( customer policies , resources available , organization structure [and so on] )

the products on offer ( goods , services , ranges etc )
the products on offer ( goods , services , ranges [and so on] )

customers ( size , type , location etc )
customers ( size , type , location [and so on] )

promotional material ( brochures , catalogues etc )
promotional material ( brochures , catalogues [and so on] )

techniques of selling ( creating interest , dealing with objections , closing a sale etc )
techniques of selling ( creating interest , dealing with objections , closing a sale [and so on] )

Net sales achieved ( per product , per customer etc )
net sales achieved ( per product , per customer [and so on] )

Other methods of evaluation could include interviewing a sample of consumers in the target market ( eg to check if they had seen the promotion , changed their buying habits etc ) , and checking on dealers ' stock-levels , shelf-space etc .
other methods of evaluation could include interviewing a sample of consumers in the target market ( eg to check if they had seen the promotion , changed their buying habits [and so on] ) , and checking on dealers ' stock-levels , shelf-space [and so on] .

Thus direct mail , cash and carry , and ‘ pick your own ’ ( fruit , vegetables etc ) operations are increasing in response to consumer interest in this approach .
thus direct mail , cash and carry , and ‘ pick your own ’ ( fruit , vegetables [and so on] ) operations are increasing in response to consumer interest in this approach .

Type of buyer — Government , public service , private firm etc .
type of buyer — government , public service , private firm [and so on] .

End-use-Routine/non-routine , specialised/general etc .
end-use-routine/non-routine , specialised/general [and so on] .

Location — Domestic or overseas , regional/national etc .
location — domestic or overseas , regional/national [and so on] .

Design of study/project , with particular reference to data collection methods ( surveys etc ) , instrumentation ( questionnaires etc ) and sample design ( of target population )
design of study/project , with particular reference to data collection methods ( surveys [and so on] ) , instrumentation ( questionnaires [and so on] ) and sample design ( of target population )

Suppliers , Middlemen , etc
suppliers , middlemen , [and so on]

The degree of conflict which may occur depends largely on the way in which departmental or functional objectives have been drawn up , and whether suitable conflict-resolution mechanisms exist ( eg regular meetings between common interest groups , inter-departmental committees etc ) .
the degree of conflict which may occur depends largely on the way in which departmental or functional objectives have been drawn up , and whether suitable conflict-resolution mechanisms exist ( eg regular meetings between common interest groups , inter-departmental committees [and so on] ) .

The principal structural options open to marketing departments are ( a ) a functional structure , based on individual specialisms eg sales etc , and ( b ) a matrix structure , based on functional roles eg sales managers , market research managers etc and groups of operational roles eg product managers , market managers etc .
the principal structural options open to marketing departments are ( a ) a functional structure , based on individual specialisms eg sales [and so on] , and ( b ) a matrix structure , based on functional roles eg sales managers , market research managers [and so on] and groups of operational roles eg product managers , market managers [and so on] .

Providers also have a duty of care in relation to any property ( eg motor vehicle , television set etc ) which a customer leaves with them .
providers also have a duty of care in relation to any property ( eg motor vehicle , television set [and so on] ) which a customer leaves with them .

Another protection for consumers in their dealings with commercial organizations is provided by the Unfair Contract Terms Act , 1977 , which protects individuals against possible loss of rights from exclusion clauses and disclaimer notices on posters , tickets etc .
another protection for consumers in their dealings with commercial organizations is provided by the unfair contract terms act , 1977 , which protects individuals against possible loss of rights from exclusion clauses and disclaimer notices on posters , tickets [and so on] .

Disclaimer notices , such as ‘ Articles left at owner 's risk … etc ’ are not valid unless the firm concerned can show in court that they were reasonable in the circumstances , and in any case would not protect the firm against any claim arising out of the negligence in respect of the articles .
disclaimer notices , such as ‘ articles left at owner 's risk … [and so on] ’ are not valid unless the firm concerned can show in court that they were reasonable in the circumstances , and in any case would not protect the firm against any claim arising out of the negligence in respect of the articles .

Statutory duties are imposed on manufacturers by the Health and Safety at Work etc , Act 1974 .
statutory duties are imposed on manufacturers by the health and safety at work [and so on] , act 1974 .

These Councils are composed of representatives from various user-groups , including local authorities , Citizens Advice Bureaux , welfare groups etc .
these councils are composed of representatives from various user-groups , including local authorities , citizens advice bureaux , welfare groups [and so on] .

Segmentation is usually undertaken on the basis of three major variables in target populations — geography , demography ( age , sex , occupation etc ) , and buyer behaviour ( brand loyalty , usage rate etc ) .
segmentation is usually undertaken on the basis of three major variables in target populations — geography , demography ( age , sex , occupation [and so on] ) , and buyer behaviour ( brand loyalty , usage rate [and so on] ) .

They include the following examples — type of buyer ( Government , private firm etc ) , trade group , and end-use ( specialised application or general etc ) .
they include the following examples — type of buyer ( government , private firm [and so on] ) , trade group , and end-use ( specialised application or general [and so on] ) .

Physical distribution is concerned with the physical aspects of moving goods from the manufacturer or supplier to the customer ie transporting , warehousing , packaging etc .
physical distribution is concerned with the physical aspects of moving goods from the manufacturer or supplier to the customer ie transporting , warehousing , packaging [and so on] .

The principal purposes of legislation are to ensure , so far as practicable , that ( i ) goods and services fulfil basic standards of quality and fitness for purpose , ( ii ) goods and services are fairly described in advertising etc , ( iii ) goods are safe , and ( iv ) any financial arrangements ( esp .
the principal purposes of legislation are to ensure , so far as practicable , that ( i ) goods and services fulfil basic standards of quality and fitness for purpose , ( ii ) goods and services are fairly described in advertising [and so on] , ( iii ) goods are safe , and ( iv ) any financial arrangements ( esp .

Manufacturing Manager — this person is responsible for the manufacturing and assembly processes , together with their associated product processes ( heat treatment , painting etc ) ; this work is carried out in accordance with Works Orders and schedules submitted by Production Planning & control ; Inspection has been included here , although it could have been located separately to provide an independent inspection service ; the Manufacturing Manager has a heavy responsibility for the recruitment , training , rewarding and retention of employees .
manufacturing manager — this person is responsible for the manufacturing and assembly processes , together with their associated product processes ( heat treatment , painting [and so on] ) ; this work is carried out in accordance with works orders and schedules submitted by production planning & control ; inspection has been included here , although it could have been located separately to provide an independent inspection service ; the manufacturing manager has a heavy responsibility for the recruitment , training , rewarding and retention of employees .

Plan the supply of materials , parts , components etc .
plan the supply of materials , parts , components [and so on] .

Plan availability of machines , specify jigs , tools etc .
plan availability of machines , specify jigs , tools [and so on] .

Raise final production documents ( delivery notes , invoices etc ) .
raise final production documents ( delivery notes , invoices [and so on] ) .

Plans for materials etc involve stock control and purchasing , which will be referred to later in the chapter .
plans for materials [and so on] involve stock control and purchasing , which will be referred to later in the chapter .

Collation of up-to-date information on suppliers , prices , distribution methods etc .
collation of up-to-date information on suppliers , prices , distribution methods [and so on] .

It is in these discussions that the knowledge of materials , their quality , prices , availability etc enables the Purchasing Manager to contribute significantly to the ultimate decision to buy , or not to buy .
it is in these discussions that the knowledge of materials , their quality , prices , availability [and so on] enables the purchasing manager to contribute significantly to the ultimate decision to buy , or not to buy .

Purchasing maintains records of orders made , orders fulfilled , delivery dates , invoices etc .
purchasing maintains records of orders made , orders fulfilled , delivery dates , invoices [and so on] .

The ideal to be aimed at is to find the optimum way of balancing the costs of insufficient stock against the costs of holding stock ( tied-up capital , storage space , insurance , damage etc ) .
the ideal to be aimed at is to find the optimum way of balancing the costs of insufficient stock against the costs of holding stock ( tied-up capital , storage space , insurance , damage [and so on] ) .

to produce products which are satisfactory to the customer , ( quality , reliability , variety etc ) .
to produce products which are satisfactory to the customer , ( quality , reliability , variety [and so on] ) .

to produce products that are consistent with the organization 's responsibility to its workforce , shareholders and other stakeholders , ( safety of production , ethically acceptable etc ) .
to produce products that are consistent with the organization 's responsibility to its workforce , shareholders and other stakeholders , ( safety of production , ethically acceptable [and so on] ) .

Breakdown maintenance , to rectify breakdowns and prepare contingency plans for possible breakdowns ( provision of important spare parts etc ) .
breakdown maintenance , to rectify breakdowns and prepare contingency plans for possible breakdowns ( provision of important spare parts [and so on] ) .

Standards are usually based on detailed scientific investigations of the effects of various levels of individual pollutants ( or combinations of pollutants ) on public health , animals , vegetation , materials , etc .
standards are usually based on detailed scientific investigations of the effects of various levels of individual pollutants ( or combinations of pollutants ) on public health , animals , vegetation , materials , [and so on] .

Thus , they argue , why not short-circuit the development of ambient air quality standards , air monitoring , diffusion modelling , etc .
thus , they argue , why not short-circuit the development of ambient air quality standards , air monitoring , diffusion modelling , [and so on] .

The civil service provides its staff with fewer incentives to encourage efficiency than in the private sector ( where bonus , commissions , ‘ perks ’ etc .
the civil service provides its staff with fewer incentives to encourage efficiency than in the private sector ( where bonus , commissions , ‘ perks ’ [and so on] .

Income from charges is derived from fees , rents , tolls , fares , interest , etc .
income from charges is derived from fees , rents , tolls , fares , interest , [and so on] .

In the sense of working together on common tasks partnership is a banal truism — of course both central and local government are involved in education , housing , transport , social services etc .
in the sense of working together on common tasks partnership is a banal truism — of course both central and local government are involved in education , housing , transport , social services [and so on] .

So did Dyson , intent upon pushing a heavy agenda through committee-roast lamb , the state of the newspaper industry , the beauties of Tessa 's native Somerset , second helpings of lamb , the shortcomings of primary education , the exact age of poor old Eddy Moulton , apple crumble , and how funny it was that only the morning that poor old Eddy had died , etc .
so did dyson , intent upon pushing a heavy agenda through committee-roast lamb , the state of the newspaper industry , the beauties of tessa 's native somerset , second helpings of lamb , the shortcomings of primary education , the exact age of poor old eddy moulton , apple crumble , and how funny it was that only the morning that poor old eddy had died , [and so on] .

In this society , while trade in bullion and material commodities ( clothing , jewellery and household effects etc . )
in this society , while trade in bullion and material commodities ( clothing , jewellery and household effects [and so on] . )

In deeper waters are sculpins ( Family Cottidae ) , eel-pouts ( Zoarcidae ) , polar cod Arctogadus glacialus , polar halibut Reinhardtius hippoglossoides ; further south these give way to the more familiar cold water species — northern cod , haddock , coalfish , skate , halibut , herrings , etc .
in deeper waters are sculpins ( family cottidae ) , eel-pouts ( zoarcidae ) , polar cod arctogadus glacialus , polar halibut reinhardtius hippoglossoides ; further south these give way to the more familiar cold water species — northern cod , haddock , coalfish , skate , halibut , herrings , [and so on] .

odd jobs — tuck shop , festivals , etc .
odd jobs — tuck shop , festivals , [and so on] .

We uncovered four quite distinct ways in which the curriculum in practice was defined and delivered : first , as areas or subjects ( mathematics , language , and so on ) ; second , as organizational strategies ( topic work , thematic enquiry , ‘ choosing ’ , etc . )
we uncovered four quite distinct ways in which the curriculum in practice was defined and delivered : first , as areas or subjects ( mathematics , language , and so on ) ; second , as organizational strategies ( topic work , thematic enquiry , ‘ choosing ’ , [and so on] . )

; third , as generic activities ( reading , writing , collaboration , construction , drawing/painting etc . )
; third , as generic activities ( reading , writing , collaboration , construction , drawing/painting [and so on] . )

He reported after the Sixth Comintern Congress that ’ As a rule , when we tell our Latin American comrades , on meeting them for the first time , that the situation of their country is that of a semi-colony and consequently we must consider the problems concerning it from the viewpoint of our colonial or semi-colonial tactics , they are indignant at this notion and assert that their country is independent , that it is represented in the League of Nations , has its own diplomats , consulates , etc .
he reported after the sixth comintern congress that ’ as a rule , when we tell our latin american comrades , on meeting them for the first time , that the situation of their country is that of a semi-colony and consequently we must consider the problems concerning it from the viewpoint of our colonial or semi-colonial tactics , they are indignant at this notion and assert that their country is independent , that it is represented in the league of nations , has its own diplomats , consulates , [and so on] .

Here Smith ( 1976 ) includes ‘ natural rivalries ’ between spectators , based on nation , region , religion , ethnicity , etc .
here smith ( 1976 ) includes ‘ natural rivalries ’ between spectators , based on nation , region , religion , ethnicity , [and so on] .

Nor did Gustave — shouting for wine , leading the animal round the room and bellowing its virtues : ‘ The young phenomenon is three years old , has passed the Académie de Métecine , and has been honoured by visits from several crowned heads , etc .
nor did gustave — shouting for wine , leading the animal round the room and bellowing its virtues : ‘ the young phenomenon is three years old , has passed the académie de métecine , and has been honoured by visits from several crowned heads , [and so on] .

Wearers of the red badge of courage include Flaubert , Daudet , Maupassant , Jules de Goncourt , Baudelaire , etc .
wearers of the red badge of courage include flaubert , daudet , maupassant , jules de goncourt , baudelaire , [and so on] .

Changes in technology have made it possible to imagine means of communication that would have been unthinkable two hundred years ago : radio broadcasts , instant word-processing , telephone conversations , etc .
changes in technology have made it possible to imagine means of communication that would have been unthinkable two hundred years ago : radio broadcasts , instant word-processing , telephone conversations , [and so on] .

Like the discourse of the realist novel , the discourse of the news media operates according to a specific set of technical conventions ( reliance on the word of ‘ experts ’ , abundant statistical and other quantitative information , scrupulous use of qualification , etc . )
like the discourse of the realist novel , the discourse of the news media operates according to a specific set of technical conventions ( reliance on the word of ‘ experts ’ , abundant statistical and other quantitative information , scrupulous use of qualification , [and so on] . )

It will be one which relies on its oral counterpart for its survival ( through television and radio adaptations , interviews with authors , etc . )
it will be one which relies on its oral counterpart for its survival ( through television and radio adaptations , interviews with authors , [and so on] . )

Each quotation describes a journey in a carriage taken by the protagonists of works which are in many cases those whose titles bear their names : Emma , Madame Bovary , Clarissa , etc .
each quotation describes a journey in a carriage taken by the protagonists of works which are in many cases those whose titles bear their names : emma , madame bovary , clarissa , [and so on] .

tottering transvestite , etc .
tottering transvestite , [and so on] .

safety harness for car seat , pushchair , etc .
safety harness for car seat , pushchair , [and so on] .

Give her plenty of opportunities to practice eye/hand coordination besides dressing , ie by picking up small objects , playing with threading toys , building with bricks , etc .
give her plenty of opportunities to practice eye/hand coordination besides dressing , ie by picking up small objects , playing with threading toys , building with bricks , [and so on] .

You will be given a routine ultrasound scan at 16 and 32 weeks to determine the exact age of the fetus , the presence of twins , etc .
you will be given a routine ultrasound scan at 16 and 32 weeks to determine the exact age of the fetus , the presence of twins , [and so on] .

• The Women 's Guide to Starting Your Own Business by Deborah Fowler ( Thorsons , £6.99 ) is really helpful and includes ideas on different ways of earning money from home by jewellery-making , picture-framing , etc .
• the women 's guide to starting your own business by deborah fowler ( thorsons , £6.99 ) is really helpful and includes ideas on different ways of earning money from home by jewellery-making , picture-framing , [and so on] .

a bulletin produced every 3 weeks which gives up-to-date information on funding opportunities , calls for proposals , new initiatives , publications , seminars , etc .
a bulletin produced every 3 weeks which gives up-to-date information on funding opportunities , calls for proposals , new initiatives , publications , seminars , [and so on] .

It is expected that adoption of each of these programmes will be delayed and this in turn will affect dates for calls for proposals , publicity events , etc , although we can not tell at the moment how long the delay will last and the consequences it may have .
it is expected that adoption of each of these programmes will be delayed and this in turn will affect dates for calls for proposals , publicity events , [and so on] , although we can not tell at the moment how long the delay will last and the consequences it may have .

The environment — smells , glare , noise , food contaminants , chemical , radiation etc .
the environment — smells , glare , noise , food contaminants , chemical , radiation [and so on] .

Our occupations — unsociable hours , quantative overload , difficult debtors etc .
our occupations — unsociable hours , quantative overload , difficult debtors [and so on] .

There is a well-stocked shop which sells souvenirs , gifts , books , guides , postcards , educational resources , etc .
there is a well-stocked shop which sells souvenirs , gifts , books , guides , postcards , educational resources , [and so on] .

Which ? reported that for safety reasons some firms would n't take on jobs where cleaners might have to stand on a ladder , etc . And most wo n't take rubbish away , but some will ‘ bag it up ’ ready for collection
which ? reported that for safety reasons some firms would n't take on jobs where cleaners might have to stand on a ladder , [and so on] . and most wo n't take rubbish away , but some will ‘ bag it up ’ ready for collection

When it comes to construction , you 'll probably need builders , plumbers , electricians , roofers , etc .
when it comes to construction , you 'll probably need builders , plumbers , electricians , roofers , [and so on] .

Digging spade Essential for winter digging to leave the soil rough , for digging trenches and large planting holes for shrubs , etc , and any other general shovelling .
digging spade essential for winter digging to leave the soil rough , for digging trenches and large planting holes for shrubs , [and so on] , and any other general shovelling .

To this end they have collectively built up an enormous fund of local knowledge and experience , not just of the water and its peculiar hydrodynamics but also the sides of the gorge as well , things like the best portage routes , where to escape out of the gorge in an emergency , where and how close you can get with transport , nearest telephone , helicopter landing sites , etc , a sad spinoff of being on call for river search duties in the event of tragic emergency .
to this end they have collectively built up an enormous fund of local knowledge and experience , not just of the water and its peculiar hydrodynamics but also the sides of the gorge as well , things like the best portage routes , where to escape out of the gorge in an emergency , where and how close you can get with transport , nearest telephone , helicopter landing sites , [and so on] , a sad spinoff of being on call for river search duties in the event of tragic emergency .

Our man comes , of course , complete with rescue equipment , first aid kit , space blanket , etc .
our man comes , of course , complete with rescue equipment , first aid kit , space blanket , [and so on] .

Liberalisation of capital movements relating to international movement of money , access to loans , etc
liberalisation of capital movements relating to international movement of money , access to loans , [and so on]

Fostering industrial co-operation definition of European company law , harmonisation of company taxation , trademark laws , protection of patents , etc
fostering industrial co-operation definition of european company law , harmonisation of company taxation , trademark laws , protection of patents , [and so on]

The proposal is : 9 dwellings , garaging etc . ( Outline )
the proposal is : 9 dwellings , garaging [and so on] . ( outline )

Invaluable brief on yachts , local area , weather patterns , shopping facilities etc .
invaluable brief on yachts , local area , weather patterns , shopping facilities [and so on] .

Makes : Neil Pryde , Gaastra , Lodey , Mouseloft , Hotwave , Tushingham , Hyline , Topsail etc
makes : neil pryde , gaastra , lodey , mouseloft , hotwave , tushingham , hyline , topsail [and so on]

Compared with all other invasions — China in Tibet , Indonesia in East Timor , Israel in the Lebanon , etc — it was heartwarming to witness the way in which the world community was taking a stand against an act of gross injustice and imposing unprecedented economic sanctions .
compared with all other invasions — china in tibet , indonesia in east timor , israel in the lebanon , [and so on] — it was heartwarming to witness the way in which the world community was taking a stand against an act of gross injustice and imposing unprecedented economic sanctions .

The ‘ slim margin ’ Fred Halliday suggests favours war is a very fat margin for Caterpillar , Bechtel , Fluor Daniel , Brown and Root , Foster Wheeler etc .
the ‘ slim margin ’ fred halliday suggests favours war is a very fat margin for caterpillar , bechtel , fluor daniel , brown and root , foster wheeler [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

money in bank accounts , building society savings accounts , the National Savings Bank , the Post Office , Unit Trusts , etc
money in bank accounts , building society savings accounts , the national savings bank , the post office , unit trusts , [and so on]

winnings from lotteries , pools , etc
winnings from lotteries , pools , [and so on]

If there are any other adults , other than you and your partner , living in the household ( eg adult children , parents etc , they should read section 5 ) .
if there are any other adults , other than you and your partner , living in the household ( eg adult children , parents [and so on] , they should read section 5 ) .

Table 1 Recent receiverships and administrations etc
table 1 recent receiverships and administrations [and so on]

If the original payee is stumped for funds at maturity , the final holder can approach the last endorser for payment , who in turn can claim from the previous endorser , etc .
if the original payee is stumped for funds at maturity , the final holder can approach the last endorser for payment , who in turn can claim from the previous endorser , [and so on] .

Reduced sugar versions of preserves , desserts etc
reduced sugar versions of preserves , desserts [and so on]

Write vocabulary , dates , formulae etc on brightly coloured cards and stick them where you will see them .
write vocabulary , dates , formulae [and so on] on brightly coloured cards and stick them where you will see them .

Half way across the gallery , high up , was a colourful banner banded by evergreens saying Happy Fiftieth Birthday , Robin , with a profusion of multi-coloured balloons around the walls , and one every table were bowls of flowers surrounded by children 's festive bags of sweets , crisps , Polos , Smarties etc .
half way across the gallery , high up , was a colourful banner banded by evergreens saying happy fiftieth birthday , robin , with a profusion of multi-coloured balloons around the walls , and one every table were bowls of flowers surrounded by children 's festive bags of sweets , crisps , polos , smarties [and so on] .

It had previously been a Rothschild mansion , and some of the best suites still have bathrooms with boiseries etc .
it had previously been a rothschild mansion , and some of the best suites still have bathrooms with boiseries [and so on] .

The police had to hand back their metal detectors etc , in the court .
the police had to hand back their metal detectors [and so on] , in the court .

An interesting development came with the introduction of ceramic sauce-boats shaped like leaves or scallop shells etc .
an interesting development came with the introduction of ceramic sauce-boats shaped like leaves or scallop shells [and so on] .

One of the many functions of local councils is the care and maintenance of local parks and commons etc , used by the public for recreation purposes .
one of the many functions of local councils is the care and maintenance of local parks and commons [and so on] , used by the public for recreation purposes .

Council officials ( Leisure Officers etc , ) will be most unlikely to give you detecting permission , since they often do not understand our hobby and may have already formed very definite wrong impressions about us .
council officials ( leisure officers [and so on] , ) will be most unlikely to give you detecting permission , since they often do not understand our hobby and may have already formed very definite wrong impressions about us .

Hand over all keys and gold rings etc to the police — especially , if it 's obvious that they are recent losses .
hand over all keys and gold rings [and so on] to the police — especially , if it 's obvious that they are recent losses .

The fundamental reason for increased participation is sought in social change , and in the availability of improved washing machines , shopping facilities etc .
the fundamental reason for increased participation is sought in social change , and in the availability of improved washing machines , shopping facilities [and so on] .

Under the ‘ post-war consensus ’ the long boom in the economy allowed Conservative governments ( 1951–64 , 1970–74 ) as well as Labour ( 1945–51 , 1964–70 , 1974–79 ) to engage in the redistribution of resources to poorer groups and areas through ‘ progressive taxation ’ ( taxing income at higher rates in higher-income groups ) and through expenditure on social security programmes , supplementary benefit , education , health , etc .
under the ‘ post-war consensus ’ the long boom in the economy allowed conservative governments ( 1951–64 , 1970–74 ) as well as labour ( 1945–51 , 1964–70 , 1974–79 ) to engage in the redistribution of resources to poorer groups and areas through ‘ progressive taxation ’ ( taxing income at higher rates in higher-income groups ) and through expenditure on social security programmes , supplementary benefit , education , health , [and so on] .

Health measures enacted at the Local Government Board between 1871 and 1918 extended and deepened state intervention in familiar areas : sanitation , working-class housing , the industrial environment , nuisances , water-supply , etc .
health measures enacted at the local government board between 1871 and 1918 extended and deepened state intervention in familiar areas : sanitation , working-class housing , the industrial environment , nuisances , water-supply , [and so on] .

Taking all courses together , there was a noticeable tendency to consider additional topics in the areas of ‘ Language and … Ideology , Gender , Race , etc .
taking all courses together , there was a noticeable tendency to consider additional topics in the areas of ‘ language and … ideology , gender , race , [and so on] .

Since these theories draw on a variety of disciplines including psychology , sociology , linguistics , etc .
since these theories draw on a variety of disciplines including psychology , sociology , linguistics , [and so on] .

Language is also a required component in all course files ( the mathematics file , the nursery file etc . )
language is also a required component in all course files ( the mathematics file , the nursery file [and so on] . )

In linguistic terms it is analyzable in terms of traditional parts of speech ( nouns are naming-words etc . )
in linguistic terms it is analyzable in terms of traditional parts of speech ( nouns are naming-words [and so on] . )

( There are optional tapes , games , suggestions for role-play etc . )
( there are optional tapes , games , suggestions for role-play [and so on] . )

What they lack , and this is what the induction course will principally offer , is formal knowledge about their own language and detailed information about British secondary education — school system , teacher and pupil roles and expectations , curricula , methods , materials , assessment and examinations , etc .
what they lack , and this is what the induction course will principally offer , is formal knowledge about their own language and detailed information about british secondary education — school system , teacher and pupil roles and expectations , curricula , methods , materials , assessment and examinations , [and so on] .

The Housing , Town Planning etc .
the housing , town planning [and so on] .

The four types were the vertebrates ( animals with backbones ) , the molluscs ( snails , octopus , etc . )
the four types were the vertebrates ( animals with backbones ) , the molluscs ( snails , octopus , [and so on] . )

In search of clues he began to study the one area where species can actually be seen to change , the production of new varieties of pigeons , dogs , etc .
in search of clues he began to study the one area where species can actually be seen to change , the production of new varieties of pigeons , dogs , [and so on] .

Only by studying how each species coped with different levels of moisture , heat , light , etc .
only by studying how each species coped with different levels of moisture , heat , light , [and so on] .

James by the grace of God , King of England , Scotland , France and Ireland , Defender of the Faith etc .
james by the grace of god , king of england , scotland , france and ireland , defender of the faith [and so on] .

Alternatively , if lifts and hoists etc .
alternatively , if lifts and hoists [and so on] .

Where the warehouse is primarily used for storage and distribution the supporting accommodation can comprise , receiving , and dispatch vehicle departments , with typical ‘ garage ’ type risks , the office accommodation to support these functions , as well as the offices for the ‘ paper-work ’ such as receipts of goods , retrieval/dispatch documentation and invoicing etc .
where the warehouse is primarily used for storage and distribution the supporting accommodation can comprise , receiving , and dispatch vehicle departments , with typical ‘ garage ’ type risks , the office accommodation to support these functions , as well as the offices for the ‘ paper-work ’ such as receipts of goods , retrieval/dispatch documentation and invoicing [and so on] .

Separation must be complete ; it is not sufficient to consider only the walls and floors directly dividing the occupancies , but the same provision will relate to any openings , doors , hatches , conveyor routes , etc .
separation must be complete ; it is not sufficient to consider only the walls and floors directly dividing the occupancies , but the same provision will relate to any openings , doors , hatches , conveyor routes , [and so on] .

Any offices , shops , etc .
any offices , shops , [and so on] .

, attached to the warehouse will be subject to approval and certification of the Fire Authority under the Fire Precautions Act which will require suitable provision for protected means of escape , the provisions of alarm systems , portable fire fighting equipment , possible emergency lighting etc .
, attached to the warehouse will be subject to approval and certification of the fire authority under the fire precautions act which will require suitable provision for protected means of escape , the provisions of alarm systems , portable fire fighting equipment , possible emergency lighting [and so on] .

, and the maintenance of these routes free at all times , as well as assurance of the management responsibilities for regular evacuation drills , training etc .
, and the maintenance of these routes free at all times , as well as assurance of the management responsibilities for regular evacuation drills , training [and so on] .

isolating services etc .
isolating services [and so on] .

— Non combustible products on wood pallets , such as metal parts , empty cans , non combustible food-stuffs , electrical appliances , etc .
— non combustible products on wood pallets , such as metal parts , empty cans , non combustible food-stuffs , electrical appliances , [and so on] .

The whole process of storing and moving goods tends to generate highly inflammable rubbish ( packaging etc . )
the whole process of storing and moving goods tends to generate highly inflammable rubbish ( packaging [and so on] . )

This would consist of a group of employees each of whom would be given the responsibility of monitoring the evacuation of a designated part of the building , checking that all rooms , toilets , cloakrooms , etc .
this would consist of a group of employees each of whom would be given the responsibility of monitoring the evacuation of a designated part of the building , checking that all rooms , toilets , cloakrooms , [and so on] .

In a high-bay warehouse , when and where the operators are working within the racking at a height above the ground , suitable means of egress should be provided , such as a ladder forming part of the equipment , inertia reels , rope , ladder , etc .
in a high-bay warehouse , when and where the operators are working within the racking at a height above the ground , suitable means of egress should be provided , such as a ladder forming part of the equipment , inertia reels , rope , ladder , [and so on] .

Particular attention should be given to accessibility so that an accumulation of inflammable materials , ( liquids , greases and rubbish ) can be easily seen and cleared away and areas likely to cause fire or overheating problems — electrical relays , switches , hot bearings , etc .
particular attention should be given to accessibility so that an accumulation of inflammable materials , ( liquids , greases and rubbish ) can be easily seen and cleared away and areas likely to cause fire or overheating problems — electrical relays , switches , hot bearings , [and so on] .

Wherever welding ( or similar flame producing equipment ) has to be used within the storage area , most careful precautions must be taken to prevent the welding itself or spares etc .
wherever welding ( or similar flame producing equipment ) has to be used within the storage area , most careful precautions must be taken to prevent the welding itself or spares [and so on] .

Set the body text , that 's the main volume of text , in a serif typeface , that 's one with those little ticks at the ends of the letters like Times , Palatino , Bookman , etc , and the headings in a sans serif face such as Helvetica , Avant Garde , etc .
set the body text , that 's the main volume of text , in a serif typeface , that 's one with those little ticks at the ends of the letters like times , palatino , bookman , [and so on] , and the headings in a sans serif face such as helvetica , avant garde , [and so on] .

Not all bureau have all the fonts and while most have a good range from the Adobe/Linotype collection few seem to cater for the other vendors such as Monotype , Compugraphic , etc , etc .
not all bureau have all the fonts and while most have a good range from the adobe/linotype collection few seem to cater for the other vendors such as monotype , compugraphic , [and so on] , [and so on] .

This should state the pages that are required , the number of copies , whether there are crop marks needed or colour separations , etc , etc .
this should state the pages that are required , the number of copies , whether there are crop marks needed or colour separations , [and so on] , [and so on] .

Books , newspapers , magazines , etc , are generally typeset with a resolution of 1,000 dots per inch or greater .
books , newspapers , magazines , [and so on] , are generally typeset with a resolution of 1,000 dots per inch or greater .

This is an excellent product for producing long documents ; books , manuals , reports , etc , where there is a rigid structure .
this is an excellent product for producing long documents ; books , manuals , reports , [and so on] , where there is a rigid structure .

It is possible to start off with just one or two tags which control the main typographic elements but by the time page numbers , headers , footers , indexes , etc have been added the list can get unwieldy .
it is possible to start off with just one or two tags which control the main typographic elements but by the time page numbers , headers , footers , indexes , [and so on] have been added the list can get unwieldy .

The measurement across the page can be in whatever units you are happy with ; picas , millimetres , etc , but the vertical measurements should be done in the same units as your leading .
the measurement across the page can be in whatever units you are happy with ; picas , millimetres , [and so on] , but the vertical measurements should be done in the same units as your leading .

printing papers which after making have had a surface coating with clay etc , to give a smoother , more even finish with greater opacity .
printing papers which after making have had a surface coating with clay [and so on] , to give a smoother , more even finish with greater opacity .

larger type used for headings etc .
larger type used for headings [and so on] .

Characters , drawings , etc , that can be transferred to the artwork by rubbing them off the back of the transfer sheet .
characters , drawings , [and so on] , that can be transferred to the artwork by rubbing them off the back of the transfer sheet .

a smooth high white board used for business cards etc .
a smooth high white board used for business cards [and so on] .

paper incorporating special features ( dyes , watermarks etc ) for use on cheques .
paper incorporating special features ( dyes , watermarks [and so on] ) for use on cheques .

gives protection to authors or originators of text , photographs or illustrations etc , to prevent use without permission or acknowledgment .
gives protection to authors or originators of text , photographs or illustrations [and so on] , to prevent use without permission or acknowledgment .

New features are constantly being asked for and added ; fractional leading , better hyphenation routines , faster transmission from remote sites , etc .
new features are constantly being asked for and added ; fractional leading , better hyphenation routines , faster transmission from remote sites , [and so on] .

This year 's offering is called PageMaker college and comprises an extended version of the video , a 10-site-licensed copy of PageMaker ( doctored , of course ) , all the training materials , workbooks etc for just £175 .
this year 's offering is called pagemaker college and comprises an extended version of the video , a 10-site-licensed copy of pagemaker ( doctored , of course ) , all the training materials , workbooks [and so on] for just £175 .

The majority of potential users of desktop publishing systems have a definite idea of what they want to do with the system ; publish a newsletter , produce catalogues , spruce up company reports , etc .
the majority of potential users of desktop publishing systems have a definite idea of what they want to do with the system ; publish a newsletter , produce catalogues , spruce up company reports , [and so on] .

Quite apart from the fact that they are bound to be different something approaching 60 % of the basic functions will be identical ; loading , saving , printing , editing , type selection , etc .
quite apart from the fact that they are bound to be different something approaching 60 % of the basic functions will be identical ; loading , saving , printing , editing , type selection , [and so on] .

It could use Apple 's bitmapped fonts , Apple 's Royal fonts , Adobe 's Type Manager PostScript fonts , Bitstream 's fonts , Berthold 's fonts , etc , etc , etc .
it could use apple 's bitmapped fonts , apple 's royal fonts , adobe 's type manager postscript fonts , bitstream 's fonts , berthold 's fonts , [and so on] , [and so on] , [and so on] .

The first is the ‘ voiced ’ or vowel-type sound ; oo , ar , ee , etc .
the first is the ‘ voiced ’ or vowel-type sound ; oo , ar , ee , [and so on] .

To start with it can replace taped announcements at railway stations , airports , etc .
to start with it can replace taped announcements at railway stations , airports , [and so on] .

Once information about frequency content , pitch , energy , etc has been extracted from the speech input , regardless of the method , the actual recognition is performed by comparing the current set of figures against a number of possibilities stored in the computer .
once information about frequency content , pitch , energy , [and so on] has been extracted from the speech input , regardless of the method , the actual recognition is performed by comparing the current set of figures against a number of possibilities stored in the computer .

Members battle for limited resources , status , rewards , professional values etc .
members battle for limited resources , status , rewards , professional values [and so on] .

This view still colours many people 's perspective on trade unionism , big business , the worker/management divide etc .
this view still colours many people 's perspective on trade unionism , big business , the worker/management divide [and so on] .

provide opportunity for catharsis ie. the release of hostile feelings etc that have been , or may be , repressed otherwise .
provide opportunity for catharsis ie. the release of hostile feelings [and so on] that have been , or may be , repressed otherwise .

One party can only do well at the expense of another , in competition for resources , recognition etc .
one party can only do well at the expense of another , in competition for resources , recognition [and so on] .

There may be conflicts of interest between local management of a branch or subsidiary and the organisation as a whole ; or between sales and production departments in a manufacturing firm ( over scheduling , product variation etc ) ; or between trade unions and management .
there may be conflicts of interest between local management of a branch or subsidiary and the organisation as a whole ; or between sales and production departments in a manufacturing firm ( over scheduling , product variation [and so on] ) ; or between trade unions and management .

Other interest groups include other organisations ( eg. suppliers or customers ) , shareholders , consumer associations , government , regulatory bodies etc all of whom are in positions to bring a certain amount of pressure to bear on organisations to have their interests preserved .
other interest groups include other organisations ( eg. suppliers or customers ) , shareholders , consumer associations , government , regulatory bodies [and so on] all of whom are in positions to bring a certain amount of pressure to bear on organisations to have their interests preserved .

ideologies of the relationship between manager and worker , about the value of work etc ) or to non-work factors ( eg .
ideologies of the relationship between manager and worker , about the value of work [and so on] ) or to non-work factors ( eg .

shareholders , managers etc ) and those who depend on access to those resources ( ie .
shareholders , managers [and so on] ) and those who depend on access to those resources ( ie .

Sociologists have more objective criteria for defining social class , based on categories such as occupation , income and wealth ( most importantly ) , and broadly speaking , following on from these education , lifestyle ( housing , leisure pursuits , dress , schooling for children etc ) , and behavioural characteristics .
sociologists have more objective criteria for defining social class , based on categories such as occupation , income and wealth ( most importantly ) , and broadly speaking , following on from these education , lifestyle ( housing , leisure pursuits , dress , schooling for children [and so on] ) , and behavioural characteristics .

It has been argued that you can identify a person 's class according to his dress , manner of speech , address , attitude to education , leisure habits etc .
it has been argued that you can identify a person 's class according to his dress , manner of speech , address , attitude to education , leisure habits [and so on] .

concepts of career , ‘ job satisfaction ’ , ‘ vocation ’ etc .
concepts of career , ‘ job satisfaction ’ , ‘ vocation ’ [and so on] .

monopolistic over definitions — the way things are , the only sensible way of doing things etc .
monopolistic over definitions — the way things are , the only sensible way of doing things [and so on] .

identify the symptoms in the situation ( eg low productivity , high labour turnover , severe industrial relations problems etc ) ;
identify the symptoms in the situation ( eg low productivity , high labour turnover , severe industrial relations problems [and so on] ) ;

the ability to rise above a situation and analyse it objectively ) etc .
the ability to rise above a situation and analyse it objectively ) [and so on] .

It is important to remember that management techniques such as time and motion study , financial controls etc are used by high producing managers ‘ at least as completely as by the low producing managers , but in quite different ways .
it is important to remember that management techniques such as time and motion study , financial controls [and so on] are used by high producing managers ‘ at least as completely as by the low producing managers , but in quite different ways .

‘ Experiences , relationships etc are considered to be supportive when the individual involved sees the experience tin terms of his values , goals , expectations , and aspirations ) as contributing to or maintaining his sense of personal worth and importance . ’
‘ experiences , relationships [and so on] are considered to be supportive when the individual involved sees the experience tin terms of his values , goals , expectations , and aspirations ) as contributing to or maintaining his sense of personal worth and importance . ’

Likert 's conclusion was that the style of supervision is more important in achieving better results than any more general factors such as job interest , loyalty towards the company etc .
likert 's conclusion was that the style of supervision is more important in achieving better results than any more general factors such as job interest , loyalty towards the company [and so on] .

( however , it remains true that employees must receive rewards ( pay etc ) which give them compensation for their efforts .
( however , it remains true that employees must receive rewards ( pay [and so on] ) which give them compensation for their efforts .

The writings of the human relations school ( McGregor etc ) tended to obscure the ‘ task ’ element of a manager 's responsibilities .
the writings of the human relations school ( mcgregor [and so on] ) tended to obscure the ‘ task ’ element of a manager 's responsibilities .

the needs of the group ( for self maintenance ) etc .
the needs of the group ( for self maintenance ) [and so on] .

the task — ie. the objectives of the job , the technology of the job , methods of working etc ;
the task — ie. the objectives of the job , the technology of the job , methods of working [and so on] ;

Every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .
every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice [and so on] ) .

Rewards may be given in terms of pay , promotion , status , official approval etc .
rewards may be given in terms of pay , promotion , status , official approval [and so on] .

to inform managers about policies , plans , actual results etc ;
to inform managers about policies , plans , actual results [and so on] ;

For example , if a company has only a limited amount of funds available to spend over the next few years , centralised management would be able to take a balanced view of how the funds should be shared out between production , marketing , research and development , motor vehicles , other fixed asset purchases in different departments etc .
for example , if a company has only a limited amount of funds available to spend over the next few years , centralised management would be able to take a balanced view of how the funds should be shared out between production , marketing , research and development , motor vehicles , other fixed asset purchases in different departments [and so on] .

However , this embraces a wide variety of behaviours ; the relationship between them may be cooperative or coercive ; their roles may be ill-defined or clearly-defined , overlapping , conflicting etc .
however , this embraces a wide variety of behaviours ; the relationship between them may be cooperative or coercive ; their roles may be ill-defined or clearly-defined , overlapping , conflicting [and so on] .

division of labour ) , specialisation , the setting of standards and measurement of results against them etc .
division of labour ) , specialisation , the setting of standards and measurement of results against them [and so on] .

Examples of an informal organisation are managers who regularly go together for lunch in a local cafeteria , a clique of workmates etc .
examples of an informal organisation are managers who regularly go together for lunch in a local cafeteria , a clique of workmates [and so on] .

every business exists to carry out certain activities such as manufacturing and selling motor cars , providing retail services , providing telecommunications services , etc .
every business exists to carry out certain activities such as manufacturing and selling motor cars , providing retail services , providing telecommunications services , [and so on] .

Bureaucracy : authority is bestowed by dividing an organisation into jurisdictional areas ( production , marketing , sales etc ) each with specified duties .
bureaucracy : authority is bestowed by dividing an organisation into jurisdictional areas ( production , marketing , sales [and so on] ) each with specified duties .

stability : the reward for employees who do their jobs well is stability , regular pay , a retirement pension , the chance of promotion , etc .
stability : the reward for employees who do their jobs well is stability , regular pay , a retirement pension , the chance of promotion , [and so on] .

The complexity of decision-making ( eg. to obtain the go-ahead for new projects etc ) slows down the decision-making process , causing unwanted delays .
the complexity of decision-making ( eg. to obtain the go-ahead for new projects [and so on] ) slows down the decision-making process , causing unwanted delays .

Decisions which he regards as important must be continually referred up the line to his superiors , for inter-departmental consultations etc .
decisions which he regards as important must be continually referred up the line to his superiors , for inter-departmental consultations [and so on] .

The difficulties of coordinating the efforts of managers : problems of conflict ( line versus staff ; interdepartmental rivalries etc ) .
the difficulties of coordinating the efforts of managers : problems of conflict ( line versus staff ; interdepartmental rivalries [and so on] ) .

Difficulties for individuals to see how their efforts contribute to achieving the organisation 's objectives ( due to narrow specialisation of jobs etc ) .
difficulties for individuals to see how their efforts contribute to achieving the organisation 's objectives ( due to narrow specialisation of jobs [and so on] ) .

bargaining and negotiation — depending on the relative strengths of each party 's position , ( expert , resource or personal power etc ) ; or
bargaining and negotiation — depending on the relative strengths of each party 's position , ( expert , resource or personal power [and so on] ) ; or

In negotiations with management , union officials may feel compelled to resort to the threat of industrial action ( a strike , ‘ blacking ’ certain work practices , a work-to-rule or go-slow etc — to use resource power in the form of their control over the labour force , ie .
in negotiations with management , union officials may feel compelled to resort to the threat of industrial action ( a strike , ‘ blacking ’ certain work practices , a work-to-rule or go-slow [and so on] — to use resource power in the form of their control over the labour force , ie .

Every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .
every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice [and so on] ) .

those dealing with the payment of social security , supplementary benefits , pensions etc ) .
those dealing with the payment of social security , supplementary benefits , pensions [and so on] ) .

Environmental factors ( eg. geography , socio-cultural conditions , the legal and political environment etc ) may pull towards delegation or centralisation , for example :
environmental factors ( eg. geography , socio-cultural conditions , the legal and political environment [and so on] ) may pull towards delegation or centralisation , for example :

work study , organisation and methods , ‘ personal assistant to ’ positions etc ) .
work study , organisation and methods , ‘ personal assistant to ’ positions [and so on] ) .

the responsibilities and diversity of work done by superiors and subordinates . This will determine the amount of delegation that is possible , the amount of control required , the suitability of team working etc ;
the responsibilities and diversity of work done by superiors and subordinates . this will determine the amount of delegation that is possible , the amount of control required , the suitability of team working [and so on] ;

it is able to take advantage of economies of scale , which in turn may call for the establishment of departments of specialists or experts ( eg. research and development , management scientists etc ) ;
it is able to take advantage of economies of scale , which in turn may call for the establishment of departments of specialists or experts ( eg. research and development , management scientists [and so on] ) ;

specialist support teams ( eg. service and maintenance , quality control , corporate planning , organisation and methods , data processing etc ) are created to ease the burdens and complexities of line management . Such support teams need to be slotted into the hierarchical structure ; and
specialist support teams ( eg. service and maintenance , quality control , corporate planning , organisation and methods , data processing [and so on] ) are created to ease the burdens and complexities of line management . such support teams need to be slotted into the hierarchical structure ; and

Departmentation by numbers alone is rare ; an example might be the organisation of a conscript army of infantrymen into divisions , and battalions etc .
departmentation by numbers alone is rare ; an example might be the organisation of a conscript army of infantrymen into divisions , and battalions [and so on] .

Sub-departments of the production function might be manufacturing ( machining , finishing , assembly etc ) , production control , quality control , servicing and purchasing .
sub-departments of the production function might be manufacturing ( machining , finishing , assembly [and so on] ) , production control , quality control , servicing and purchasing .

Government departments include the Treasury , Home Office , Foreign Office , Department of Trade , Department of Industry , Ministry of Defence , etc .
government departments include the treasury , home office , foreign office , department of trade , department of industry , ministry of defence , [and so on] .

In a similar way , there would be a tendency for regions to duplicate planning management , personnel and training management , accountancy management etc , thus increasing overhead costs and problems of coordination and integration .
in a similar way , there would be a tendency for regions to duplicate planning management , personnel and training management , accountancy management [and so on] , thus increasing overhead costs and problems of coordination and integration .

Some functional departmentation remains ( eg manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales ) but a divisional manager is given responsibility for the product , product line or brand , with authority over the personnel of different functions involved in its production marketing etc .
some functional departmentation remains ( eg manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales ) but a divisional manager is given responsibility for the product , product line or brand , with authority over the personnel of different functions involved in its production marketing [and so on] .

the basic , underlying assumptions which guide the behaviour of the individuals and groups in the organisation , eg. customer orientation , or belief in quality , trust in the organisation to provide rewards , freedom to make decisions , freedom to make mistakes , the value of innovation and initiative at all levels team-working etc ;
the basic , underlying assumptions which guide the behaviour of the individuals and groups in the organisation , eg. customer orientation , or belief in quality , trust in the organisation to provide rewards , freedom to make decisions , freedom to make mistakes , the value of innovation and initiative at all levels team-working [and so on] ;

These beliefs and values may emerge as sayings , slogans , mottos etc .
these beliefs and values may emerge as sayings , slogans , mottos [and so on] .

visible artifacts — the style of the offices or other premises , dress ‘ rules ’ , display of ‘ trophies ’ , the degree of informality between superiors and subordinates etc .
visible artifacts — the style of the offices or other premises , dress ‘ rules ’ , display of ‘ trophies ’ , the degree of informality between superiors and subordinates [and so on] .

The technology of the organisation : an important school of thought best known through the works of Eric Trist and Joan Woodward suggests that the most efficient structure of an organisation will be one which is suited to the technological conditions of the work ( ie the equipment , methods of working , the nature of automation etc ) .
the technology of the organisation : an important school of thought best known through the works of eric trist and joan woodward suggests that the most efficient structure of an organisation will be one which is suited to the technological conditions of the work ( ie the equipment , methods of working , the nature of automation [and so on] ) .

The environment ( economic , competitive , socio-cultural , legal , geographical etc : examples of environmental influences are :
the environment ( economic , competitive , socio-cultural , legal , geographical [and so on] : examples of environmental influences are :

Management styles and organisational culture must be such as to make change and adaptation ( development ) possible : encouraging innovation , tolerating small errors in the process of experimentation , rewarding new ideas etc .
management styles and organisational culture must be such as to make change and adaptation ( development ) possible : encouraging innovation , tolerating small errors in the process of experimentation , rewarding new ideas [and so on] .

on what basis shall the organisation 's members be grouped into teams , departments , divisions , etc ?
on what basis shall the organisation 's members be grouped into teams , departments , divisions , [and so on] ?

Again , as it was impossible for wheeled implements to cross the frequent deep water-cuts of a field ploughed in this way , all cultivation had to be done along the stetch itself ; and this meant that implements — drills , hoes , harrows , etc .
again , as it was impossible for wheeled implements to cross the frequent deep water-cuts of a field ploughed in this way , all cultivation had to be done along the stetch itself ; and this meant that implements — drills , hoes , harrows , [and so on] .

Apparently he was quite charming , but as the basis of his charm seemed to rest upon the un-startling stratagem of addressing every female he encountered by the fullest possible version of her name ( so that every Julie became a Juliana , every Dot extended to a Dorothea , all Marys became Mariana , Sues Susanna , etc .
apparently he was quite charming , but as the basis of his charm seemed to rest upon the un-startling stratagem of addressing every female he encountered by the fullest possible version of her name ( so that every julie became a juliana , every dot extended to a dorothea , all marys became mariana , sues susanna , [and so on] .

Successful engineering business would create jobs in building , for new factories , transport , for moving goods , steel , power , etc .
successful engineering business would create jobs in building , for new factories , transport , for moving goods , steel , power , [and so on] .

If our country is to maintain economic stability based upon traditional industries it needs a greater proportion of locomotive , shipbuilding , power stations , etc .
if our country is to maintain economic stability based upon traditional industries it needs a greater proportion of locomotive , shipbuilding , power stations , [and so on] .

The likely annual cost to all these people of annual housekeeping , food , clothes , entertainment , replacing vehicles etc .
the likely annual cost to all these people of annual housekeeping , food , clothes , entertainment , replacing vehicles [and so on] .

In about 1805 he and his brothers established themselves in Bristol as ‘ stonemasons , architects , builders etc .
in about 1805 he and his brothers established themselves in bristol as ‘ stonemasons , architects , builders [and so on] .

She left ‘ a mass of unpublished manuscripts , chiefly consisting of essays , sermons , prayers , etc .
she left ‘ a mass of unpublished manuscripts , chiefly consisting of essays , sermons , prayers , [and so on] .

It has resulted in the formation of numerous community associations , tenants ' groups , community resource centres , welfare rights centres , women 's groups , cooperatives , etc .
it has resulted in the formation of numerous community associations , tenants ' groups , community resource centres , welfare rights centres , women 's groups , cooperatives , [and so on] .

There are no programmes of participation in schools , social welfare agencies , planning departments , housing authorities , etc .
there are no programmes of participation in schools , social welfare agencies , planning departments , housing authorities , [and so on] .

community groups , trade unions , women 's groups , etc .
community groups , trade unions , women 's groups , [and so on] .

Rather than classes on directly social or political topics , the emphasis has been upon issue-based provision , in the first instance , as a means to develop work , where appropriate and possible , with a broader scope ( hence courses in Housing , Welfare Rights , Health Care , etc .
rather than classes on directly social or political topics , the emphasis has been upon issue-based provision , in the first instance , as a means to develop work , where appropriate and possible , with a broader scope ( hence courses in housing , welfare rights , health care , [and so on] .

rather than in Social Policy , Politics etc . )
rather than in social policy , politics [and so on] . )

They have included Welfare Rights , Interest Courses ( Photography , Video , Art , Local History ) , locally-based courses with tenants groups ( Housing , ‘ Know the System ’ , ‘ How the Council Works ’ ) , and Women 's Courses ( Women and Health etc . )
they have included welfare rights , interest courses ( photography , video , art , local history ) , locally-based courses with tenants groups ( housing , ‘ know the system ’ , ‘ how the council works ’ ) , and women 's courses ( women and health [and so on] . )

There are no restrictive enrolment procedures for these courses , which are all free , and held in locations away from the University ( e.g. in unemployed centres , community centres etc . )
there are no restrictive enrolment procedures for these courses , which are all free , and held in locations away from the university ( e.g. in unemployed centres , community centres [and so on] . )

That if there be any God or any true religion , then it is in the Papists , because the service of God is performed w£h more ceremonies , as elevation of the Mass , organs , singing men , shaven crowns , etc .
that if there be any god or any true religion , then it is in the papists , because the service of god is performed w£h more ceremonies , as elevation of the mass , organs , singing men , shaven crowns , [and so on] .

Applying what was explained there , it may be said that a person intends to cause a person to believe that immediate unlawful violence will be used against him when he ( the person uttering the threats , etc .
applying what was explained there , it may be said that a person intends to cause a person to believe that immediate unlawful violence will be used against him when he ( the person uttering the threats , [and so on] .

The outcome is that the word has been encoded as a sequence of unanalysed visual blobs , each labelled with its ordinal position ( first , second , third , etc . )
the outcome is that the word has been encoded as a sequence of unanalysed visual blobs , each labelled with its ordinal position ( first , second , third , [and so on] . )

Thus , words such as articles ( a/the ) , conjunctions ( and/but/because ) , demonstratives ( this/that ) , pronouns ( he/she/it ) , auxiliary verbs , many adverbs and prepositions ( up/down/behind/ between/in , etc . )
thus , words such as articles ( a/the ) , conjunctions ( and/but/because ) , demonstratives ( this/that ) , pronouns ( he/she/it ) , auxiliary verbs , many adverbs and prepositions ( up/down/behind/ between/in , [and so on] . )

The non-lexical procedure works by applying rules specifying how a particular letter or letter group is to be pronounced ( and so can not be used for reading exception words aloud correctly , since such words disobey the rules : if you apply the rules to read an exception word aloud , you will produce an incorrect pronunciation , such as reading pint as if it rhymed with mint , hint , lint , etc . )
the non-lexical procedure works by applying rules specifying how a particular letter or letter group is to be pronounced ( and so can not be used for reading exception words aloud correctly , since such words disobey the rules : if you apply the rules to read an exception word aloud , you will produce an incorrect pronunciation , such as reading pint as if it rhymed with mint , hint , lint , [and so on] . )

Trade unions , etc .
trade unions , [and so on] .

There are many ways through which public sector organizations are held accountable ( through elections , higher-level governments , the media , public inquiries , etc . )
there are many ways through which public sector organizations are held accountable ( through elections , higher-level governments , the media , public inquiries , [and so on] . )

The Corporate Report takes the view that published accounts should include additional indicators of performance via additional statements , such as statements of value added , employment reports , statements of money exchanges with governments , etc .
the corporate report takes the view that published accounts should include additional indicators of performance via additional statements , such as statements of value added , employment reports , statements of money exchanges with governments , [and so on] .

This relates to the ability of the oversight unit to influence the unit 's operations , including reviewing budget requests , signing contracts , approving the hiring of key personnel , exercising control over facilities and properties , etc .
this relates to the ability of the oversight unit to influence the unit 's operations , including reviewing budget requests , signing contracts , approving the hiring of key personnel , exercising control over facilities and properties , [and so on] .

Even when only historic costs are being recognized there are still subjective judgements which have to be made to produce balance sheets and income statements : how much depreciation to charge ; how to calculate the closing stock figure ; what provision to make for doubtful debts , etc .
even when only historic costs are being recognized there are still subjective judgements which have to be made to produce balance sheets and income statements : how much depreciation to charge ; how to calculate the closing stock figure ; what provision to make for doubtful debts , [and so on] .

Accruing depreciation , stock valuations , provisions for doubtful debts , etc .
accruing depreciation , stock valuations , provisions for doubtful debts , [and so on] .

Of course , there is a variety of factors which might affect the amount of the subsequent invoice : the supplier might not have 100 boxes , the price may have changed , the manager may have used the wrong price , etc .
of course , there is a variety of factors which might affect the amount of the subsequent invoice : the supplier might not have 100 boxes , the price may have changed , the manager may have used the wrong price , [and so on] .

Single-year goods — which include raw materials , electricity , fuel , etc .
single-year goods — which include raw materials , electricity , fuel , [and so on] .

Multi-year goods — which include plant and machinery , vehicles , buildings , etc
multi-year goods — which include plant and machinery , vehicles , buildings , [and so on]

fuel , insurance , tax , driver 's wages , etc . )
fuel , insurance , tax , driver 's wages , [and so on] . )

Particularly since the impact of Keynesian economics on government policy , decisions about these matters are made in macroeconomic terms : the effect on inflation , interest rates , exchange rates , etc .
particularly since the impact of keynesian economics on government policy , decisions about these matters are made in macroeconomic terms : the effect on inflation , interest rates , exchange rates , [and so on] .

Services — these are the main services , such as education , health , highways , etc .
services — these are the main services , such as education , health , highways , [and so on] .

Divisions of service — For example , education will be divided into primary , secondary , continuing education , etc .
divisions of service — for example , education will be divided into primary , secondary , continuing education , [and so on] .

employees , premises , transport , etc .
employees , premises , transport , [and so on] .

education , health , highways , etc .
education , health , highways , [and so on] .

salaries , premises , etc .
salaries , premises , [and so on] .

Roads , schools , refuse collection , etc .
roads , schools , refuse collection , [and so on] .

Even in the private sector there are many and various impediments to the free flow of goods and services : government subsidies , import controls , export incentives , tax inefficiencies , transaction costs , cartels , etc .
even in the private sector there are many and various impediments to the free flow of goods and services : government subsidies , import controls , export incentives , tax inefficiencies , transaction costs , cartels , [and so on] .

The ‘ accounting profession ’ has over the years widened to the point where it is not only commonplace but is expected that ‘ professional accountants ’ will be employed by industry , government , local government , health authorities etc .
the ‘ accounting profession ’ has over the years widened to the point where it is not only commonplace but is expected that ‘ professional accountants ’ will be employed by industry , government , local government , health authorities [and so on] .

These might be studied by ‘ serious composers ’ , as they would probably yield new and interesting effects if skilfully combined with other instruments such as low flutes , clarinets , etc .
these might be studied by ‘ serious composers ’ , as they would probably yield new and interesting effects if skilfully combined with other instruments such as low flutes , clarinets , [and so on] .

The fundamental notes in all seven positions are also obtainable : etc .
the fundamental notes in all seven positions are also obtainable : [and so on] .

Such things as the tenor drum , tubular bells , cow bells , jingles , castanets ( useful for Spanish rhapsodies ) , gong ( sinister , solemn , Chinese ) , tabor ( Old English ) , etc .
such things as the tenor drum , tubular bells , cow bells , jingles , castanets ( useful for spanish rhapsodies ) , gong ( sinister , solemn , chinese ) , tabor ( old english ) , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

The trombones , etc .
the trombones , [and so on] .

Miscellaneous ( fjords , volcanoes etc . )
miscellaneous ( fjords , volcanoes [and so on] . )

physiological : for food , drink , shelter , etc ;
physiological : for food , drink , shelter , [and so on] ;

In other words the generalist administrator calls upon the economists , the statisticians , etc .
in other words the generalist administrator calls upon the economists , the statisticians , [and so on] .

In order to achieve those objectives , an organisation will need to plan its activities : it will need to take account of factors internal to the organisation such as its assets , the qualities of the staff , the task to be achieved , etc .
in order to achieve those objectives , an organisation will need to plan its activities : it will need to take account of factors internal to the organisation such as its assets , the qualities of the staff , the task to be achieved , [and so on] .

Senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , etc .
senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , [and so on] .

The new agenda for the public sector emphasises organisational planning — the setting of objectives , measuring performance against those objectives , etc .
the new agenda for the public sector emphasises organisational planning — the setting of objectives , measuring performance against those objectives , [and so on] .

For example , it is capital expenditure that will finance the development of a new leisure centre while current expenditure will be used to pay for the running costs , for example staff , heating and lighting , etc .
for example , it is capital expenditure that will finance the development of a new leisure centre while current expenditure will be used to pay for the running costs , for example staff , heating and lighting , [and so on] .

Can we do this with harmony , texture , etc .
can we do this with harmony , texture , [and so on] .

In writing tonal music there is therefore no need to be over-concerned with harmonic suggestion ( introducing accidentals for modulations etc . )
in writing tonal music there is therefore no need to be over-concerned with harmonic suggestion ( introducing accidentals for modulations [and so on] . )

Berg makes frequent use of multiplying rhythms ( or etc . )
berg makes frequent use of multiplying rhythms ( or [and so on] . )

quicker movement , reaching a greater height , using larger leaps , etc . )
quicker movement , reaching a greater height , using larger leaps , [and so on] . )

We could therefore make a rule that ‘ melodies should begin with two sentences , each comprising two phrases etc .
we could therefore make a rule that ‘ melodies should begin with two sentences , each comprising two phrases [and so on] .

the ‘ Pastoral ’ , the ‘ Eroica ’ , etc . )
the ‘ pastoral ’ , the ‘ eroica ’ , [and so on] . )

Instead , we have richly varied inversions of seventh , ninth , and added sixth chords , first inversion of the subdominant , etc .
instead , we have richly varied inversions of seventh , ninth , and added sixth chords , first inversion of the subdominant , [and so on] .

If we wish , we can establish one melody for the first verse and merely repeat it in the others , possibly varying some factor such as accompaniment , volume , colour , etc .
if we wish , we can establish one melody for the first verse and merely repeat it in the others , possibly varying some factor such as accompaniment , volume , colour , [and so on] .

Example 44 is from ‘ Vissi d'arte ’ in Tosca at a point where the orchestra plays the melody ( small notes ) while the singer weaves a web of narration in different ways — reciting , joining the orchestral melody , forming a decorative counter-melody , etc .
example 44 is from ‘ vissi d'arte ’ in tosca at a point where the orchestra plays the melody ( small notes ) while the singer weaves a web of narration in different ways — reciting , joining the orchestral melody , forming a decorative counter-melody , [and so on] .

Naturally , the highest note is usually kept back for the greatest climax , together with maximum volume , note-length , accentuation , etc .
naturally , the highest note is usually kept back for the greatest climax , together with maximum volume , note-length , accentuation , [and so on] .

It is rather important to prolong important climaxes , rather than let them slip away quickly , by holding them over an adequate period , through word repetition , musical extensions , etc .
it is rather important to prolong important climaxes , rather than let them slip away quickly , by holding them over an adequate period , through word repetition , musical extensions , [and so on] .

After these preliminary remarks , we will now set out the main methods of accompaniment structure , bearing in mind that frequently one kind of structure may be fused with another , that colour factors may be combined with movement elements , etc .
after these preliminary remarks , we will now set out the main methods of accompaniment structure , bearing in mind that frequently one kind of structure may be fused with another , that colour factors may be combined with movement elements , [and so on] .

This is particularly suited to simple , straightforward music ( hymn-tunes , folk-songs , etc . )
this is particularly suited to simple , straightforward music ( hymn-tunes , folk-songs , [and so on] . )

Even at this stage it is preferable only to sketch in secondary details , fragmentary accompaniment ideas , etc .
even at this stage it is preferable only to sketch in secondary details , fragmentary accompaniment ideas , [and so on] .

Then we can look at it in its entirety , see the whole problem , and shape harmonies , rhythmic details , form , texture , etc .
then we can look at it in its entirety , see the whole problem , and shape harmonies , rhythmic details , form , texture , [and so on] .

For example , one could write for six-part choir and have three upper and three lower voices in two separate strata , or use a nine : part choir , three different layers of three voices each , etc .
for example , one could write for six-part choir and have three upper and three lower voices in two separate strata , or use a nine : part choir , three different layers of three voices each , [and so on] .

The conventional diatonic system can be disrupted in many other ways without going into the realms of chromatic harmony , bitonality , polytonality , etc .
the conventional diatonic system can be disrupted in many other ways without going into the realms of chromatic harmony , bitonality , polytonality , [and so on] .

Furthermore , as scales can begin on any note , and as all notes are equal , there is no ‘ tonic ’ and no effect of ‘ supertonic ’ , ‘ mediant ’ , etc .
furthermore , as scales can begin on any note , and as all notes are equal , there is no ‘ tonic ’ and no effect of ‘ supertonic ’ , ‘ mediant ’ , [and so on] .

As no semitones , major sevenths , minor ninths , etc .
as no semitones , major sevenths , minor ninths , [and so on] .

One could dismiss this factor once and for all merely by saying that any aspect of conventional harmony ( triadic chords , cadences , etc . )
one could dismiss this factor once and for all merely by saying that any aspect of conventional harmony ( triadic chords , cadences , [and so on] . )

In ( c ) each part is formed from a segment of the series , the soprano using notes 1–3 , the alto 4–6 , etc .
in ( c ) each part is formed from a segment of the series , the soprano using notes 1–3 , the alto 4–6 , [and so on] .

It is strange how all movement in the universe takes the form of waves , from the tiny vibrations within the atom and microscopic organisms to the electric pulses in the brain , the waves of the sea , the throb of sound itself , light waves , radio waves , the pulses of force between galaxies , etc .
it is strange how all movement in the universe takes the form of waves , from the tiny vibrations within the atom and microscopic organisms to the electric pulses in the brain , the waves of the sea , the throb of sound itself , light waves , radio waves , the pulses of force between galaxies , [and so on] .

These descriptors may be words such as ‘ good ’ , ‘ bad ’ , etc .
these descriptors may be words such as ‘ good ’ , ‘ bad ’ , [and so on] .

‘ Underload ’ , associated with a poorer idea of progress , uncertainty about how to deploy time , panic at exams , etc .
‘ underload ’ , associated with a poorer idea of progress , uncertainty about how to deploy time , panic at exams , [and so on] .

To do this effectively requires , besides the array of guides and handbooks and the various counsellors ( tutors , field chairs , etc . )
to do this effectively requires , besides the array of guides and handbooks and the various counsellors ( tutors , field chairs , [and so on] . )

The attention to detail has covered paper sizes , colours and qualities , forms handling machinery , punch holes for ringlock binders , minimal use of codes , preprinted marginal notes , and devices to aid visual impact such as tints , contrasts colour , corner flashes , etc .
the attention to detail has covered paper sizes , colours and qualities , forms handling machinery , punch holes for ringlock binders , minimal use of codes , preprinted marginal notes , and devices to aid visual impact such as tints , contrasts colour , corner flashes , [and so on] .

Star charts showing the untimetabled hours during the week for each student on a module ; used for arranging tutorials , alternative class meetings , etc .
star charts showing the untimetabled hours during the week for each student on a module ; used for arranging tutorials , alternative class meetings , [and so on] .

The Registry is the heart of the student management system , maintaining the flow of data to and from a continuously changing spectrum of offices , individuals , committees , management , external bodies , etc .
the registry is the heart of the student management system , maintaining the flow of data to and from a continuously changing spectrum of offices , individuals , committees , management , external bodies , [and so on] .

Each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .
each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , [and so on] .

The requirement will be smaller if the only decision is assigning each student to a set ( variously called a group , laboratory class , split , etc . )
the requirement will be smaller if the only decision is assigning each student to a set ( variously called a group , laboratory class , split , [and so on] . )

Each module leader determines which other colleagues if any , will be involved in teaching the module , determines the times of alternative sets ( within certain rules ) , and which departmental rooms ( laboratories , etc . )
each module leader determines which other colleagues if any , will be involved in teaching the module , determines the times of alternative sets ( within certain rules ) , and which departmental rooms ( laboratories , [and so on] . )

The communications infrastructure required by the student management system is also provided by the computer centre : all of the terminals and printers are in the same cross-campus network as the many hundreds of terminals for academic use ( in open access terminal rooms , staff offices , laboratories , etc . )
the communications infrastructure required by the student management system is also provided by the computer centre : all of the terminals and printers are in the same cross-campus network as the many hundreds of terminals for academic use ( in open access terminal rooms , staff offices , laboratories , [and so on] . )

There are several such ‘ phantom ’ modular courses around , which in their presentation to applicants and to enrolled students of a unified title ( ‘ Critical studies ' , ‘ Combined studies ’ , etc . )
there are several such ‘ phantom ’ modular courses around , which in their presentation to applicants and to enrolled students of a unified title ( ‘ critical studies ' , ‘ combined studies ’ , [and so on] . )

In 1877 there were 120 British engineers , drivers , foremen etc .
in 1877 there were 120 british engineers , drivers , foremen [and so on] .

From the Cape comes wool , skins , fruit etc .
from the cape comes wool , skins , fruit [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

Case management in rehabilitation work with these clients involves specific ( sometimes called ‘ intense ’ ) components , such as skills training , medication review , assertive outreach , 24 hour coverage , etc .
case management in rehabilitation work with these clients involves specific ( sometimes called ‘ intense ’ ) components , such as skills training , medication review , assertive outreach , 24 hour coverage , [and so on] .

To propose that the separation of assessment from provision might provide a better incentive to create a needs-led service , than professional judgement , is to show a degree of confusion about the origins of our present predicament ( shortage of resource ; bureaucratization , etc . )
to propose that the separation of assessment from provision might provide a better incentive to create a needs-led service , than professional judgement , is to show a degree of confusion about the origins of our present predicament ( shortage of resource ; bureaucratization , [and so on] . )

This was the local branch of the 1856-founded Federation of German and Berlin Artists , which won royal recognition in 1867 ; the latter meant royal subsidies for the holding of exhibitions and for magazines , etc .
this was the local branch of the 1856-founded federation of german and berlin artists , which won royal recognition in 1867 ; the latter meant royal subsidies for the holding of exhibitions and for magazines , [and so on] .

They are symbolic products or in some sense ‘ signifiers ’ and include ‘ positions , programmes , analyses , commentaries , concepts , and events ’ produced by the professionals ( including journalists and psephologists , etc . )
they are symbolic products or in some sense ‘ signifiers ’ and include ‘ positions , programmes , analyses , commentaries , concepts , and events ’ produced by the professionals ( including journalists and psephologists , [and so on] . )

Books Etc 's demand gives publishers unpleasant options .
books [and so on] 's demand gives publishers unpleasant options .

The 1993 Kraszna-Krausz Book Awards will cover books published between July 1991 and June 1993 concerned with the moving image ( film , television , video , etc ) .
the 1993 kraszna-krausz book awards will cover books published between july 1991 and june 1993 concerned with the moving image ( film , television , video , [and so on] ) .

Nearby branches of Books Etc were untouched — although of course they could not avoid being affected by the disruption that was caused by the bomb to trading in the area .
nearby branches of books [and so on] were untouched — although of course they could not avoid being affected by the disruption that was caused by the bomb to trading in the area .

The ‘ Alterations , Additions ’ etc .
the ‘ alterations , additions ’ [and so on] .

Following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600Js remained in place .
following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers [and so on] ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600js remained in place .

This includes information about their husband/wife , parents etc .
this includes information about their husband/wife , parents [and so on] .

those who can not get out to attend lunch clubs , etc .
those who can not get out to attend lunch clubs , [and so on] .

This estimation includes items such as design charges , land acquisition , public utility diversions , advance bridgeworks , construction , tunnelling , landscaping and planting , main roadworks , structures , road signs and accommodation works such as fencing , etc .
this estimation includes items such as design charges , land acquisition , public utility diversions , advance bridgeworks , construction , tunnelling , landscaping and planting , main roadworks , structures , road signs and accommodation works such as fencing , [and so on] .

Adapt client information systems to support assessment , etc .
adapt client information systems to support assessment , [and so on] .

The Council has further recognised that the nature of the services it provides places particular groups of employees at potential risk from clients and/or their families etc .
the council has further recognised that the nature of the services it provides places particular groups of employees at potential risk from clients and/or their families [and so on] .

For example , persons should be held in such a way as to avoid any interference with breathing or blood circulation , or contact with sexual areas ; if possible they should be held down on soft surfaces such as a bed , chair etc .
for example , persons should be held in such a way as to avoid any interference with breathing or blood circulation , or contact with sexual areas ; if possible they should be held down on soft surfaces such as a bed , chair [and so on] .

To maintain and raise the profile of the Lothian Road Safety Campaign through the media , information leaflets , billboard advertising , bus advertising , articles in specialist publications etc .
to maintain and raise the profile of the lothian road safety campaign through the media , information leaflets , billboard advertising , bus advertising , articles in specialist publications [and so on] .

You will , of course , be free to give small gifts ( eg family presents , gifts to charities etc ) from your capital or income , bearing in mind the costs of your care .
you will , of course , be free to give small gifts ( eg family presents , gifts to charities [and so on] ) from your capital or income , bearing in mind the costs of your care .

The Preservation Division advises on the formation of library preservation policy and strategy and provides services connected with the conservation of antiquarian volumes , manuscripts and maps , the binding of periodicals , protective boxes , microfilming , photography , exhibitions , etc .
the preservation division advises on the formation of library preservation policy and strategy and provides services connected with the conservation of antiquarian volumes , manuscripts and maps , the binding of periodicals , protective boxes , microfilming , photography , exhibitions , [and so on] .

joint ventures etc , is a major contributor to the innovation process .
joint ventures [and so on] , is a major contributor to the innovation process .

How the Welsh Office takes account of environmental factors such as ‘ carrying capacity ’ , consequent natural resource and infrastructure requirements , and Government environmental and planning policies ( White Paper , PPGs , MPGs etc . )
how the welsh office takes account of environmental factors such as ‘ carrying capacity ’ , consequent natural resource and infrastructure requirements , and government environmental and planning policies ( white paper , ppgs , mpgs [and so on] . )

We were told that although up to this point no account had been made for the effects of new policies , the counties were at liberty to estimate the effects of new policies — either theirs or the Government 's via planning policy guidance and the work of development agencies , TECs etc .
we were told that although up to this point no account had been made for the effects of new policies , the counties were at liberty to estimate the effects of new policies — either theirs or the government 's via planning policy guidance and the work of development agencies , tecs [and so on] .

In carrying out the review proposed in paragraph 10 above , MPAs will clearly have to distinguish between permissions that need improving to bring them up to modern standards , and those that are/would damage designated sites , important water resources etc . In relation to the latter category , the Secretary of State should give MPAs the power to revoke or substantially amend permissions without any compensation where working is/would :
in carrying out the review proposed in paragraph 10 above , mpas will clearly have to distinguish between permissions that need improving to bring them up to modern standards , and those that are/would damage designated sites , important water resources [and so on] . in relation to the latter category , the secretary of state should give mpas the power to revoke or substantially amend permissions without any compensation where working is/would :

At an even more informal level , people with less time , or no inclination to serve on even a Working Group could help with recruitment , man stalls at shows , make refreshments at meetings , distribute posters etc .
at an even more informal level , people with less time , or no inclination to serve on even a working group could help with recruitment , man stalls at shows , make refreshments at meetings , distribute posters [and so on] .

Unlike the annual Environment White Papers , a sustainable development report need not give space to quality of life issues where there are no long term implications , such as local issues of litter , the nuisance from dogs , noise , etc .
unlike the annual environment white papers , a sustainable development report need not give space to quality of life issues where there are no long term implications , such as local issues of litter , the nuisance from dogs , noise , [and so on] .

Voluntary collaboration with industry , agriculture , etc
voluntary collaboration with industry , agriculture , [and so on]

We will also be welcoming ideas for social events , walks , talks , fundraising etc .
we will also be welcoming ideas for social events , walks , talks , fundraising [and so on] .

The ability to ‘ express an opinion ’ ( based on an evaluation of an issue/topic/ practice etc . )
the ability to ‘ express an opinion ’ ( based on an evaluation of an issue/topic/ practice [and so on] . )

Pressures in adolescence to conform e.g. in relation to alcohol abuse , drug abuse etc .
pressures in adolescence to conform e.g. in relation to alcohol abuse , drug abuse [and so on] .

There is a certain amount of relevant factual information which can be assessed ; e.g. knowledge of significant characters , places and events from scripture ; the structure of the bible , information about the life of Jesus , the Church , the Sacraments , the Saints , the work of Christian organisations , etc .
there is a certain amount of relevant factual information which can be assessed ; e.g. knowledge of significant characters , places and events from scripture ; the structure of the bible , information about the life of jesus , the church , the sacraments , the saints , the work of christian organisations , [and so on] .

This reflects on the meaning of individual Church teachings , the significance of sacramental symbolism and religious practices , the meaning of Jesus ' life , death and resurrection , the significance of particular beliefs for daily life , etc .
this reflects on the meaning of individual church teachings , the significance of sacramental symbolism and religious practices , the meaning of jesus ' life , death and resurrection , the significance of particular beliefs for daily life , [and so on] .

Transferable skills , communication , observation , handling of information , personal and inter-personal skills , creating , decision making , etc .
transferable skills , communication , observation , handling of information , personal and inter-personal skills , creating , decision making , [and so on] .

Sometimes , this is the result of observing one of the above terms ( designs , subjects etc . )
sometimes , this is the result of observing one of the above terms ( designs , subjects [and so on] . )

It would be tedious to list the types and colours of stone , ceramic etc .
it would be tedious to list the types and colours of stone , ceramic [and so on] .

With this method , the tesserae are bonded , by means of adhesives , onto a strong but flexible material ( parchment , hides , cloth etc . )
with this method , the tesserae are bonded , by means of adhesives , onto a strong but flexible material ( parchment , hides , cloth [and so on] . )

Until the slightly contrasting tendencies become more manifest in the later-second century ( with the trend to fully centralised designs etc . )
until the slightly contrasting tendencies become more manifest in the later-second century ( with the trend to fully centralised designs [and so on] . )

Nevertheless , these trends should not be overlooked : there has been a tendency to stop at the recognition of particular forms of arrangement etc .
nevertheless , these trends should not be overlooked : there has been a tendency to stop at the recognition of particular forms of arrangement [and so on] .

At North Leigh the relieving insets of guilloche etc .
at north leigh the relieving insets of guilloche [and so on] .

Given the variety of motif etc .
given the variety of motif [and so on] .

On the one hand , the raising of the h = + 1 degeneracy permits self-pulsing at period tR , as described by Bonifacio and Lugiato { 7 } , whereas the Ikeda degeneracy splits to yield pulsing at 2tR/3 , 2tR/S , etc .
on the one hand , the raising of the h = + 1 degeneracy permits self-pulsing at period tr , as described by bonifacio and lugiato { 7 } , whereas the ikeda degeneracy splits to yield pulsing at 2tr/3 , 2tr/s , [and so on] .

articles , papers , computer programmes , policy papers ( marketing/manpower etc )
articles , papers , computer programmes , policy papers ( marketing/manpower [and so on] )

For example , in order to understand the little story in ( 13 ) , one needs to know the following assorted facts : presents are usually bought with money ; piggy-banks are used to hold money ; piggy-banks are generally made of a dense material like metal or plastic ; money inside a container of dense material will generally rattle , etc .
for example , in order to understand the little story in ( 13 ) , one needs to know the following assorted facts : presents are usually bought with money ; piggy-banks are used to hold money ; piggy-banks are generally made of a dense material like metal or plastic ; money inside a container of dense material will generally rattle , [and so on] .

speaker is inferior to addressee ) but have twenty distinct rules for its appropriate usage : members of one caste may use it to their cross-cousins , others only to their affines , etc .
speaker is inferior to addressee ) but have twenty distinct rules for its appropriate usage : members of one caste may use it to their cross-cousins , others only to their affines , [and so on] .

Donnellan , 1966 ; Stalnaker , 1972 ; Kaplan , 1978 ; etc . )
donnellan , 1966 ; stalnaker , 1972 ; kaplan , 1978 ; [and so on] . )

Further , in some Australian languages there are up to four distinct sets of primary ( as opposed to special supplementary ) kin terms : ( a ) a set of vocative terms , ( b ) a set of terms which have an implicit first person possessive feature ( i.e mean `` my mother 's brother `` , etc . )
further , in some australian languages there are up to four distinct sets of primary ( as opposed to special supplementary ) kin terms : ( a ) a set of vocative terms , ( b ) a set of terms which have an implicit first person possessive feature ( i.e mean `` my mother 's brother `` , [and so on] . )

mean `` your mother 's brother `` , etc . )
mean `` your mother 's brother `` , [and so on] . )

mean `` his or her mother 's brother `` , etc . )
mean `` his or her mother 's brother `` , [and so on] . )

These consist of a deictic modifier , this , next , last , etc .
these consist of a deictic modifier , this , next , last , [and so on] .

The non-deictic conceptual organization of space includes all those distinctions between surfaces , spaces , enclosures , containers and so on , and between fronts , backs , tops , sides , of objects , not to mention widths , lengths , heights , etc .
the non-deictic conceptual organization of space includes all those distinctions between surfaces , spaces , enclosures , containers and so on , and between fronts , backs , tops , sides , of objects , not to mention widths , lengths , heights , [and so on] .

kinship relations , totemic relations , clan membership , etc .
kinship relations , totemic relations , clan membership , [and so on] .

There are also in many languages forms reserved for authorized recipients , including restrictions on most titles of address ( Your Honour , Mr President , etc . )
there are also in many languages forms reserved for authorized recipients , including restrictions on most titles of address ( your honour , mr president , [and so on] . )

As we saw in section 2.1 , we can not state the truth conditions of sentences with indexicals without reference to the deictic function of indexicals ; but if we allow truth conditions to be relativized to speakers , addressees , times , places , indicated objects , etc .
as we saw in section 2.1 , we can not state the truth conditions of sentences with indexicals without reference to the deictic function of indexicals ; but if we allow truth conditions to be relativized to speakers , addressees , times , places , indicated objects , [and so on] .

Such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all ESAs to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management etc .
such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all esas to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management [and so on] .

For instance , if we want a trajectory that goes then we start in region 1 ; to get to region 3 we must be in the right-hand `` third `` of region 1 ; if we are going to go on from region 3 to region 4 , we must be in the right-hand `` third `` of that `` third `` ; and , to go on to region 2 , in the left `` third `` of that `` third `` , etc .
for instance , if we want a trajectory that goes then we start in region 1 ; to get to region 3 we must be in the right-hand `` third `` of region 1 ; if we are going to go on from region 3 to region 4 , we must be in the right-hand `` third `` of that `` third `` ; and , to go on to region 2 , in the left `` third `` of that `` third `` , [and so on] .

This was a new venue for the group , and proved very pleasant and suitable , The Forbury being an interesting conversion of a thirteenth century church to a suite of rooms suitable for meetings , conferences etc .
this was a new venue for the group , and proved very pleasant and suitable , the forbury being an interesting conversion of a thirteenth century church to a suite of rooms suitable for meetings , conferences [and so on] .

The Conference proceedings were published in the autumn and she contributes to Apollo , Artention ( Hong Kong ) etc .
the conference proceedings were published in the autumn and she contributes to apollo , artention ( hong kong ) [and so on] .

( e ) the consideration for the offer ( cash , shares , loan notes etc ) and , in particular , if a cash offer is required , how this will be financed ( company 's own resources , bank loans , rights issue , cash underwritten alternative , financial assistance from the target etc ) . The extent to which resources are , or should be , made available to improve the offer if necessary should also be considered ;
( e ) the consideration for the offer ( cash , shares , loan notes [and so on] ) and , in particular , if a cash offer is required , how this will be financed ( company 's own resources , bank loans , rights issue , cash underwritten alternative , financial assistance from the target [and so on] ) . the extent to which resources are , or should be , made available to improve the offer if necessary should also be considered ;

( b ) the attractions of the target to the offeror ( eg asset value , economies of scale , future performance , pension scene surplus etc ) may be such that , in its eyes , the target 's shares are worth more than their market price ;
( b ) the attractions of the target to the offeror ( eg asset value , economies of scale , future performance , pension scene surplus [and so on] ) may be such that , in its eyes , the target 's shares are worth more than their market price ;

Therefore , amend this clause to read : … at least [ 15 ] working days … to allow for pre-completion searches , etc as well .
therefore , amend this clause to read : … at least [ 15 ] working days … to allow for pre-completion searches , [and so on] as well .

8 Damages etc
8 damages [and so on]

11 Representations etc
11 representations [and so on]

16 Non-merger etc
16 non-merger [and so on]

Also consider as an alternative requesting building defects insurance ( premiums to be paid for by the landlord ) such as ten year latent defects insurance — but if not available , or in addition to such deeds etc , the tenant should consider including the clause suggested at clause 2.14 .
also consider as an alternative requesting building defects insurance ( premiums to be paid for by the landlord ) such as ten year latent defects insurance — but if not available , or in addition to such deeds [and so on] , the tenant should consider including the clause suggested at clause 2.14 .

5.10 Nuisance etc and residential restrictions
5.10 nuisance [and so on] and residential restrictions

5.19 Statutory notices etc To give full particulars to the Landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the Premises made given or issued to the Tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the Landlord to produce it to the Landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the Landlord but at the cost of the Tenant to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall deem expedient Seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .
5.19 statutory notices [and so on] to give full particulars to the landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the premises made given or issued to the tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the landlord to produce it to the landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the landlord but at the cost of the tenant to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall deem expedient seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .

5.21 Sale of reversion etc To permit [ upon reasonable notice ] at any time during the Term prospective purchasers of or agents instructed in connection with the sale of the Landlord 's reversion or of any other interest superior to the Term to view the Premises without interruption provided they are authorised in writing by the Landlord or its agents This is a normal provision and the only comment to make is that it could be disruptive to a tenant 's business , although one would hope that the frequency of a sale of the reversion would be limited . The words at reasonable times of the day should be inserted after the words to view the Premises
5.21 sale of reversion [and so on] to permit [ upon reasonable notice ] at any time during the term prospective purchasers of or agents instructed in connection with the sale of the landlord 's reversion or of any other interest superior to the term to view the premises without interruption provided they are authorised in writing by the landlord or its agents this is a normal provision and the only comment to make is that it could be disruptive to a tenant 's business , although one would hope that the frequency of a sale of the reversion would be limited . the words at reasonable times of the day should be inserted after the words to view the premises

It is important to ensure that supplemental fees are included as well as the cost of debris removal , demolition etc .
it is important to ensure that supplemental fees are included as well as the cost of debris removal , demolition [and so on] .

9.6 Rights easements etc The [ operation of the Law of Property Act 1925 Section 62 shall be excluded from this Lease and the only rights granted to the Tenant are those expressly set out in this Lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the Tenant shall not by virtue of this Lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] Tenant shall not during the Term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or Premises now or at any time after the date of this Lease belonging to the Landlord and not comprised in this Lease Section 62 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .
9.6 rights easements [and so on] the [ operation of the law of property act 1925 section 62 shall be excluded from this lease and the only rights granted to the tenant are those expressly set out in this lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the tenant shall not by virtue of this lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] tenant shall not during the term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or premises now or at any time after the date of this lease belonging to the landlord and not comprised in this lease section 62 of the law of property act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .

9.12 Licences etc under hand Whilst the Landlord is a limited company or other corporation all licences consents approvals and notices required to be given by the Landlord shall be sufficiently given if given under the hand of a director the secretary or other duly authorised officer of the Landlord [ or the Surveyor on behalf of the Landlord ] Without this provision , the effectiveness of licences and consents granted by the landlord during the term and not under seal could be in doubt .
9.12 licences [and so on] under hand whilst the landlord is a limited company or other corporation all licences consents approvals and notices required to be given by the landlord shall be sufficiently given if given under the hand of a director the secretary or other duly authorised officer of the landlord [ or the surveyor on behalf of the landlord ] without this provision , the effectiveness of licences and consents granted by the landlord during the term and not under seal could be in doubt .

5 Support etc The rights of light air support protection shelter and all other easements and rights now or after the date of this Lease belonging to or enjoyed by other parts of the Centre The following proviso should be added at the end of this paragraph : provided that such rights and easements shall not [ adversely ] or [ materially ] affect the Premises or the business being carried on therein
5 support [and so on] the rights of light air support protection shelter and all other easements and rights now or after the date of this lease belonging to or enjoyed by other parts of the centre the following proviso should be added at the end of this paragraph : provided that such rights and easements shall not [ adversely ] or [ materially ] affect the premises or the business being carried on therein

If further sub-divisions are required , small Roman numerals — ( i ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) etc — can be used .
if further sub-divisions are required , small roman numerals — ( i ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) [and so on] — can be used .

There are sometimes curious variations such as `` Freddy `` , `` Freddie `` , `` Fredrick `` , `` Frederick `` , etc .
there are sometimes curious variations such as `` freddy `` , `` freddie `` , `` fredrick `` , `` frederick `` , [and so on] .

It is also important to ascertain that if fixtures and fittings are to be removed from the property , that no damage will be done to the fabric of the walls , floors , ceilings , etc .
it is also important to ascertain that if fixtures and fittings are to be removed from the property , that no damage will be done to the fabric of the walls , floors , ceilings , [and so on] .

( i ) Related purchase Most transactions proceed side by side , and in such a case , it is important to treat them quite separately , using separate instruction sheets , separate files , etc .
( i ) related purchase most transactions proceed side by side , and in such a case , it is important to treat them quite separately , using separate instruction sheets , separate files , [and so on] .

In the event of dealing with leasehold property , the seller should be asked to complete an `` additional property information `` form , which does in fact contain a series of questions peculiar to leasehold premises such as management accounts , service charges , etc , and you should ask the seller both for evidence that the rent has been paid up to date and for evidence of current insurance cover .
in the event of dealing with leasehold property , the seller should be asked to complete an `` additional property information `` form , which does in fact contain a series of questions peculiar to leasehold premises such as management accounts , service charges , [and so on] , and you should ask the seller both for evidence that the rent has been paid up to date and for evidence of current insurance cover .

The problem with delaying is that the Protocol documents are sent through to the buyer 's conveyancers in dribs and drabs and this can take as many weeks as did the old system of going through preliminary enquiries , etc .
the problem with delaying is that the protocol documents are sent through to the buyer 's conveyancers in dribs and drabs and this can take as many weeks as did the old system of going through preliminary enquiries , [and so on] .

If need be , do n't hesitate to amend any undertaking put before you by a bank , etc , to terms you are confident you can fulfil .
if need be , do n't hesitate to amend any undertaking put before you by a bank , [and so on] , to terms you are confident you can fulfil .

When writing to a building society , never omit the mortgage reference number , or there may be some delay in receiving a reply , and if you act for your client 's bank , building society , etc , you will of course normally ask them to send the deeds direct to you ; in such a case include in your letter , if there is an existing mortgage to be discharged on completion ( as there will be in the case of a building society and may be in the case of a bank ) , an undertaking to hold the deeds on behalf of the bank or society , to return them on demand , not to part with the same except on completion of the sale , and to discharge the society 's mortgage .
when writing to a building society , never omit the mortgage reference number , or there may be some delay in receiving a reply , and if you act for your client 's bank , building society , [and so on] , you will of course normally ask them to send the deeds direct to you ; in such a case include in your letter , if there is an existing mortgage to be discharged on completion ( as there will be in the case of a building society and may be in the case of a bank ) , an undertaking to hold the deeds on behalf of the bank or society , to return them on demand , not to part with the same except on completion of the sale , and to discharge the society 's mortgage .

Remember , too , when acting for a seller on a sale by auction to attend the sale itself to answer any questions that a prospective buyer may raise on the title or the special conditions — and be wary of the questioner who seeks to suggest that the title is faulty or that restrictions prohibit development , etc , in the hope of abating the bids offered .
remember , too , when acting for a seller on a sale by auction to attend the sale itself to answer any questions that a prospective buyer may raise on the title or the special conditions — and be wary of the questioner who seeks to suggest that the title is faulty or that restrictions prohibit development , [and so on] , in the hope of abating the bids offered .

If you act for the seller of a building estate , even though it comprises no more than a dozen houses or flats , it will repay you to have printed as many documents as possible ( drafts and engrossments of conveyance or lease , contract , etc ) and to anticipate as far as you can a buyer 's preliminary requirements .
if you act for the seller of a building estate , even though it comprises no more than a dozen houses or flats , it will repay you to have printed as many documents as possible ( drafts and engrossments of conveyance or lease , contract , [and so on] ) and to anticipate as far as you can a buyer 's preliminary requirements .

This practice of marking searches , requisitions , etc , should be an invariable one for three reasons : ( 1 ) it compels you to consider each question and reply before marking it ; ( 2 ) it will save your time in selecting answers that require further action , and will avoid your reading through the enquiries again later on to make sure that the replies to them are in order ; and ( 3 ) it is a permanent record that at the time of the transaction you not only made your search , etc , but duly considered and dealt with the replies .
this practice of marking searches , requisitions , [and so on] , should be an invariable one for three reasons : ( 1 ) it compels you to consider each question and reply before marking it ; ( 2 ) it will save your time in selecting answers that require further action , and will avoid your reading through the enquiries again later on to make sure that the replies to them are in order ; and ( 3 ) it is a permanent record that at the time of the transaction you not only made your search , [and so on] , but duly considered and dealt with the replies .

You can never entirely eliminate human error and oversight , but this gimmick of marking replies to searches , etc , minimises the possibility of your forgetting to pass on to your client vital information that might give time to consider whether or not to proceed with the purchase , such as the fact that redevelopment of the area within the next ten years is contemplated .
you can never entirely eliminate human error and oversight , but this gimmick of marking replies to searches , [and so on] , minimises the possibility of your forgetting to pass on to your client vital information that might give time to consider whether or not to proceed with the purchase , such as the fact that redevelopment of the area within the next ten years is contemplated .

You will commonly , of course , advise your client of any facts of interest , which you have discovered by your enquiries ; for example , that the road has not yet been taken over by the local authority , that plans for building on the property were submitted to and rejected by the local authority , etc .
you will commonly , of course , advise your client of any facts of interest , which you have discovered by your enquiries ; for example , that the road has not yet been taken over by the local authority , that plans for building on the property were submitted to and rejected by the local authority , [and so on] .

There is one enquiry you should always make when buying a flat : otherwise the buyer may , in the next year , be confronted with a quite unacceptable bill for major repairs — repainting the block , a new roof , etc .
there is one enquiry you should always make when buying a flat : otherwise the buyer may , in the next year , be confronted with a quite unacceptable bill for major repairs — repainting the block , a new roof , [and so on] .

( 7 ) Restrictions , covenants in leaseholds , etc .
( 7 ) restrictions , covenants in leaseholds , [and so on] .

( 9 ) Misrepresentation : safeguard against buyer relying on any representations except those made by you in writing ( eg in replies on property information form etc ) .
( 9 ) misrepresentation : safeguard against buyer relying on any representations except those made by you in writing ( eg in replies on property information form [and so on] ) .

Provide for indemnity by buyer against breach of restrictions , covenants in lease , etc .
provide for indemnity by buyer against breach of restrictions , covenants in lease , [and so on] .

As well as the warnings and restraints of Notices , etc , registered land is always subject to the interests known collectively as `` overriding interests `` — see p73 below .
as well as the warnings and restraints of notices , [and so on] , registered land is always subject to the interests known collectively as `` overriding interests `` — see p73 below .

Pre-completion search made by every buyer , etc , will reveal any entry made since office copy was issued .
pre-completion search made by every buyer , [and so on] , will reveal any entry made since office copy was issued .

If , in an unregistered title , a company is one of the parties to a title deed , search after exchange , on investigating title ; but when buying direct from a company , better to search before exchange to confirm that the company has power to sell under its articles , etc .
if , in an unregistered title , a company is one of the parties to a title deed , search after exchange , on investigating title ; but when buying direct from a company , better to search before exchange to confirm that the company has power to sell under its articles , [and so on] .

Mortgagees of a company should check power to borrow , possible limit on authorised amount of borrowing etc .
mortgagees of a company should check power to borrow , possible limit on authorised amount of borrowing [and so on] .

Every office should keep a portfolio of official forms , obtainable from any law stationer , including all the basic applications for registration , transfers , charge , notice of deposit and intended deposit , applications for search and office copies , etc .
every office should keep a portfolio of official forms , obtainable from any law stationer , including all the basic applications for registration , transfers , charge , notice of deposit and intended deposit , applications for search and office copies , [and so on] .

Or if in doubt , you can search from the last date of any registration disclosed ( of registration of the seller or of a mortgage , etc ) .
or if in doubt , you can search from the last date of any registration disclosed ( of registration of the seller or of a mortgage , [and so on] ) .

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , [and so on] , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

That 's sufficient in law , although at least 20 years is desirable as validating old recitals of title , etc .
that 's sufficient in law , although at least 20 years is desirable as validating old recitals of title , [and so on] .

The complete list is printed inside the cover of every certificate , and the following are samples only : rights of common , customary rights , public rights , right of sheepwalk , rights of way , rights of water , liability to repair highways by reason of tenure , liability to repair the chancel of any church , liability to repair embankments and sea or river walls , rights under local land charges , rights of fishing and sporting , manorial and seignorial rights of all descriptions ( until extinguished ) , leases for any term not exceeding 21 years granted at a rent without taking a fine , etc ( s70 ( 1 ) ( a ) — ( k ) ) .
the complete list is printed inside the cover of every certificate , and the following are samples only : rights of common , customary rights , public rights , right of sheepwalk , rights of way , rights of water , liability to repair highways by reason of tenure , liability to repair the chancel of any church , liability to repair embankments and sea or river walls , rights under local land charges , rights of fishing and sporting , manorial and seignorial rights of all descriptions ( until extinguished ) , leases for any term not exceeding 21 years granted at a rent without taking a fine , [and so on] ( s70 ( 1 ) ( a ) — ( k ) ) .

The protection referred to is the protection afforded by registration of a Notice , etc ( see above ) ; minor interests are in fact mainly what would be described as equitable interests in unregistered conveyancing .
the protection referred to is the protection afforded by registration of a notice , [and so on] ( see above ) ; minor interests are in fact mainly what would be described as equitable interests in unregistered conveyancing .

It 's also important to preserve original documents imposing restrictive covenants , granting or reserving easements , etc , since the terms of these are often not set out fully on the Register , and reference to them , and to the exact terms of a covenant , may be necessary at a later date .
it 's also important to preserve original documents imposing restrictive covenants , granting or reserving easements , [and so on] , since the terms of these are often not set out fully on the register , and reference to them , and to the exact terms of a covenant , may be necessary at a later date .

The effect of the committee 's pronouncement is that documents prepared for the client and paid for by him ( drafts , deeds and documents , etc ) belong to the client .
the effect of the committee 's pronouncement is that documents prepared for the client and paid for by him ( drafts , deeds and documents , [and so on] ) belong to the client .

The virtues of this procedure , which does n't lengthen but in fact shortens your investigation , are as follows : ( a ) The actual investigation is simplified , as you do n't have to keep turning back an unwieldy abstract to see which documents contained restrictions , whether the seller named in one conveyance was the buyer named in the previous deed , etc .
the virtues of this procedure , which does n't lengthen but in fact shortens your investigation , are as follows : ( a ) the actual investigation is simplified , as you do n't have to keep turning back an unwieldy abstract to see which documents contained restrictions , whether the seller named in one conveyance was the buyer named in the previous deed , [and so on] .

( b ) It prevents the overlooking of such standard matters of enquiry as the existence of undischarged mortgages , covenants for production covering all the title deeds which will not be handed over , the proper stamping of documents , etc .
( b ) it prevents the overlooking of such standard matters of enquiry as the existence of undischarged mortgages , covenants for production covering all the title deeds which will not be handed over , the proper stamping of documents , [and so on] .

( g ) The notes are also useful for the preparation of any report on title that may be required for your client 's bank , building society or other mortgagee , the form of which sometimes requires you to state the last purchase price , etc .
( g ) the notes are also useful for the preparation of any report on title that may be required for your client 's bank , building society or other mortgagee , the form of which sometimes requires you to state the last purchase price , [and so on] .

( 2 ) Give a simple description of the document : eg conveyance instead of indenture for old deeds , etc .
( 2 ) give a simple description of the document : eg conveyance instead of indenture for old deeds , [and so on] .

( 3 ) Give the names of the parties in the first abstracted deed , but where these recur ( as , for example , where a buyer becomes a seller , or where personal representatives become sellers ) give initials only , so that after the first deed the seller , etc , of an abstracted document will commonly be shown by initials and so indicate that there is an unbroken chain of title .
( 3 ) give the names of the parties in the first abstracted deed , but where these recur ( as , for example , where a buyer becomes a seller , or where personal representatives become sellers ) give initials only , so that after the first deed the seller , [and so on] , of an abstracted document will commonly be shown by initials and so indicate that there is an unbroken chain of title .

Look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , etc , endorsed on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : The abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .
look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , [and so on] , endorsed on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : the abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .

If the transaction is complicated — eg it involves the sale of part of a farm — and there are lots of easements , declarations , covenants , stipulations , etc , then it may still be more appropriate to use a conveyance , notwithstanding the fact of first registration .
if the transaction is complicated — eg it involves the sale of part of a farm — and there are lots of easements , declarations , covenants , stipulations , [and so on] , then it may still be more appropriate to use a conveyance , notwithstanding the fact of first registration .

Long leases , on the other hand , rarely have any such clog on the right to assign , mortgage , etc , and in general ought not to ; in the event of a draft lease ( when acting for the original lessee ) you should always delete the offending provision should it occur , and always have it in mind when perusing the draft .
long leases , on the other hand , rarely have any such clog on the right to assign , mortgage , [and so on] , and in general ought not to ; in the event of a draft lease ( when acting for the original lessee ) you should always delete the offending provision should it occur , and always have it in mind when perusing the draft .

You ought to see the client anyway , for the signing of documents and final instructions as to keys , etc .
you ought to see the client anyway , for the signing of documents and final instructions as to keys , [and so on] .

( b ) Last receipts , etc This is a reminder to obtain from your client ( if you haven `` t already done so ) the last receipts for ground rent and any unusual outgoings , which you will require in preparing the completion statement .
( b ) last receipts , [and so on] this is a reminder to obtain from your client ( if you haven `` t already done so ) the last receipts for ground rent and any unusual outgoings , which you will require in preparing the completion statement .

Acting for a seller of leasehold property , it may be that your client , as lessee , for instance , of a flat in a large block , holds a share in a management company that looks after the maintenance of the building , etc ( see Chapter 12 on leases ) .
acting for a seller of leasehold property , it may be that your client , as lessee , for instance , of a flat in a large block , holds a share in a management company that looks after the maintenance of the building , [and so on] ( see chapter 12 on leases ) .

These may include , for example , getting certain undertakings signed by the borrower ( eg as to replies ) within six months , giving banker 's orders for future payment of instalments of interest and capital , etc .
these may include , for example , getting certain undertakings signed by the borrower ( eg as to replies ) within six months , giving banker 's orders for future payment of instalments of interest and capital , [and so on] .

Would you be kind enough , therefore , to let us know in confidence whether you consider that Mr Smith is likely to prove a respectable and responsible tenant , and well able to pay the rent etc mentioned ?
would you be kind enough , therefore , to let us know in confidence whether you consider that mr smith is likely to prove a respectable and responsible tenant , and well able to pay the rent [and so on] mentioned ?

If for any reason you fail to register the transfer , etc , within the period of priority , you may apply for one ( no more ) fresh certificate .
if for any reason you fail to register the transfer , [and so on] , within the period of priority , you may apply for one ( no more ) fresh certificate .

Note that to retain protection , the transfer , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the Land Charges Register .
note that to retain protection , the transfer , [and so on] , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the land charges register .

Englishing `` sets store by faithfulness to the content and general structure of the poem ; does not oblige the translator to reproduce the prosody of the original , but does require the choice of something considered to be a metrical equivalent ; allows the translator some licence in supplying figures , metaphors , etc .
englishing `` sets store by faithfulness to the content and general structure of the poem ; does not oblige the translator to reproduce the prosody of the original , but does require the choice of something considered to be a metrical equivalent ; allows the translator some licence in supplying figures , metaphors , [and so on] .

The conclusion must be that it will be unusual , though not impossible to envisage , that business policy etc will be protectable .
the conclusion must be that it will be unusual , though not impossible to envisage , that business policy [and so on] will be protectable .

a room , a square , etc ) that is relevant to the disambiguation of the place deictic `` here `` , whereas in 2 the reference of the same adverb falls within a much wider context ( a whole country ) , and the spatial deictic centre includes the hearer as well as the speaker .
a room , a square , [and so on] ) that is relevant to the disambiguation of the place deictic `` here `` , whereas in 2 the reference of the same adverb falls within a much wider context ( a whole country ) , and the spatial deictic centre includes the hearer as well as the speaker .

Where ordinary communication is not possible it may be necessary to use interpreters or employ alternative techniques such as sign language , braille etc .
where ordinary communication is not possible it may be necessary to use interpreters or employ alternative techniques such as sign language , braille [and so on] .

Professional trustees and non-domiciled , etc settlor
professional trustees and non-domiciled , [and so on] settlor

However , if the settlor can control the investments etc a point may be reached where the line has been transgressed .
however , if the settlor can control the investments [and so on] a point may be reached where the line has been transgressed .

Exclusion for bona fide commercial transactions , etc
exclusion for bona fide commercial transactions , [and so on]

Certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a Ming Vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .
certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a ming vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , [and so on] .

The general relieving provision in s740 , where transfers took place , etc not with a view to avoiding tax or which were carried out for bona fide commercial reasons , applies to ss739 and 740 .
the general relieving provision in s740 , where transfers took place , [and so on] not with a view to avoiding tax or which were carried out for bona fide commercial reasons , applies to ss739 and 740 .

In addition , the firm should address : ( a ) practice area organisation ( departmental structure , work allocation etc . )
in addition , the firm should address : ( a ) practice area organisation ( departmental structure , work allocation [and so on] . )

8.1 Finding the right expert You may need experts to give you an expert opinion in a number of areas : ( a ) accident reconstruction ( road accident or factory accident ) ; ( b ) more specialist engineering evidence ( metallurgists , road construction etc . )
8.1 finding the right expert you may need experts to give you an expert opinion in a number of areas : ( a ) accident reconstruction ( road accident or factory accident ) ; ( b ) more specialist engineering evidence ( metallurgists , road construction [and so on] . )

In addition to all previous expert reports obtained or received , non-medical experts should see all the background information that you have collated including plaintiff and witness evidence , party and party correspondence where relevant , previous reports etc .
in addition to all previous expert reports obtained or received , non-medical experts should see all the background information that you have collated including plaintiff and witness evidence , party and party correspondence where relevant , previous reports [and so on] .

( 10 ) Do you do enough to help the witness get to court ; proper notice , instructions , map etc ?
( 10 ) do you do enough to help the witness get to court ; proper notice , instructions , map [and so on] ?

More specifically , Enkvist 's paper presents the formal organisation of texts as the outcome of a dynamic decision-making process , in which the writer assigns different values to a variety of different , and often conflicting , parameters ( such as end-weight , metre , rhyme , etc . )
more specifically , enkvist 's paper presents the formal organisation of texts as the outcome of a dynamic decision-making process , in which the writer assigns different values to a variety of different , and often conflicting , parameters ( such as end-weight , metre , rhyme , [and so on] . )

The following codes toggle printer attributes such as bold print , underline , etc .
the following codes toggle printer attributes such as bold print , underline , [and so on] .

If we wanted to hold our address book on the computer , we would need a number of records each holding the name , address , telephone number , etc of one person .
if we wanted to hold our address book on the computer , we would need a number of records each holding the name , address , telephone number , [and so on] of one person .

We would still be wasting a lot of space because some names , addresses etc are longer than others and our `` slots `` must be large enough to hold the longest .
we would still be wasting a lot of space because some names , addresses [and so on] are longer than others and our `` slots `` must be large enough to hold the longest .

We could write all the names , addresses , etc , one after the other and our index would tell us the character position for the start of each name and address .
we could write all the names , addresses , [and so on] , one after the other and our index would tell us the character position for the start of each name and address .

The school librarian and teacher will then decide on what resources are available in terms of books , non-book materials , periodical articles etc .
the school librarian and teacher will then decide on what resources are available in terms of books , non-book materials , periodical articles [and so on] .

( vi ) Conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration Although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the Regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the Stamp Act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .
( vi ) conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the stamp act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt [and so on] ) .

It is intended to take the Flea to local fetes , etc and to do this a custom-built trailer to ease moving it around will be built .
it is intended to take the flea to local fetes , [and so on] and to do this a custom-built trailer to ease moving it around will be built .

… all the hype about busby 's babes — fergursons fledgelings — the best theyd seen , better than busbys babes etc etc etc etc ( yawn ! ) .
… all the hype about busby 's babes — fergursons fledgelings — the best theyd seen , better than busbys babes [and so on] [and so on] [and so on] [and so on] ( yawn ! ) .

With Batts and Speed we were extremely lucky … we now seem to have a glut which we had back in the early Revie days … the trouble is these days keeping them , with freedom of contract etc .
with batts and speed we were extremely lucky … we now seem to have a glut which we had back in the early revie days … the trouble is these days keeping them , with freedom of contract [and so on] .

You can cut out the first step generally , and risk your life waiting for the 710710 nu mber to become free , then get details of what areas are still not sold out etc .
you can cut out the first step generally , and risk your life waiting for the 710710 nu mber to become free , then get details of what areas are still not sold out [and so on] .

Crystal Palace also do this every year , and they invariably win 7–0 , 8–0 etc .
crystal palace also do this every year , and they invariably win 7–0 , 8–0 [and so on] .

You can cut out the first step generally , and risk your life waiting for the 710710 nu mber to become free , then get details of what areas are still not sold out etc .
you can cut out the first step generally , and risk your life waiting for the 710710 nu mber to become free , then get details of what areas are still not sold out [and so on] .

One of the Liverpool goals was lucky , Deane should have had 3 penalties , the ref got a lot of stick from the Leeds fans , etc .
one of the liverpool goals was lucky , deane should have had 3 penalties , the ref got a lot of stick from the leeds fans , [and so on] .

Subject : Re:Rocky … Rocky etc
subject : re:rocky … rocky [and so on]

driving position , engine and chassis , glazing , seats , bumpers etc .
driving position , engine and chassis , glazing , seats , bumpers [and so on] .

the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding etc .
the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding [and so on] .

Over the longer period changes in population , income etc .
over the longer period changes in population , income [and so on] .

‘ Always look on the runway for ice de-dooh-de-doo etc . ’
‘ always look on the runway for ice de-dooh-de-doo [and so on] . ’

etc etc
[and so on] [and so on]

list of fixtures , results to date etc etc
list of fixtures , results to date [and so on] [and so on]

You know that new players always make out that their new club is the one for them etc etc .
you know that new players always make out that their new club is the one for them [and so on] [and so on] .

With player like Greaves etc , they have statistics to back them up .
with player like greaves [and so on] , they have statistics to back them up .

How does the theatre know you have nt sold on your originals etc ?
how does the theatre know you have nt sold on your originals [and so on] ?

My initial reaction was to write back thanking him for his time etc and making a few followup points , but Ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )
my initial reaction was to write back thanking him for his time [and so on] and making a few followup points , but ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )

My initial reaction was to write back thanking him for his time etc and making a few followup points , but Ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )
my initial reaction was to write back thanking him for his time [and so on] and making a few followup points , but ive come round to the idea a personal meeting might be nice : - ) )

My guess is about 2 million with up to a million more with decent European runs/ cup runs etc .
my guess is about 2 million with up to a million more with decent european runs/ cup runs [and so on] .

Ive noted your questions about a possible tour etc . Leeds did play Grampus 8 preseason … maybe there s a chance of a return match ? ?
ive noted your questions about a possible tour [and so on] . leeds did play grampus 8 preseason … maybe there s a chance of a return match ? ?

By the way , did anyone ever collate the results of the poll for most lumbering Centre Forward , biggest transfer failure etc .
by the way , did anyone ever collate the results of the poll for most lumbering centre forward , biggest transfer failure [and so on] .

Its looking good for the future though , as those two look like a good partership with their skills and different heights etc … Forrester feeding off Whelans flicks etc .
its looking good for the future though , as those two look like a good partership with their skills and different heights [and so on] … forrester feeding off whelans flicks [and so on] .

It is restricted to Premiership players , and has various rules on transfers , squad sizes , positions etc
it is restricted to premiership players , and has various rules on transfers , squad sizes , positions [and so on]

Subject : Rocky etc
subject : rocky [and so on]

Most observations support the generalization that the first type of transition occurs in shear flows adjacent to a wall or walls ( boundary layers , pipe flow , etc . )
most observations support the generalization that the first type of transition occurs in shear flows adjacent to a wall or walls ( boundary layers , pipe flow , [and so on] . )

and the second type in shear flows away from any wall ( ‘ free flows ' such as jets , wakes , etc . )
and the second type in shear flows away from any wall ( ‘ free flows ' such as jets , wakes , [and so on] . )

Fuller information than is given by about the fluctuations at a single point can be obtained by measurements of , etc .
fuller information than is given by about the fluctuations at a single point can be obtained by measurements of , [and so on] .

This equation is applied to turbulent boundary layers , jets , wakes , etc .
this equation is applied to turbulent boundary layers , jets , wakes , [and so on] .

The most important figure was probably Erica Brausen who started showing Giacommetti , bacon etc .
the most important figure was probably erica brausen who started showing giacommetti , bacon [and so on] .

Now you have directors , shareholders etc .
now you have directors , shareholders [and so on] .

With the full backs pushing up , and wallace/Ndlove moving around the front line … looking for balls down the channel/getting crosses in , and at the same time one of them looking for Deane flicks etc .
with the full backs pushing up , and wallace/ndlove moving around the front line … looking for balls down the channel/getting crosses in , and at the same time one of them looking for deane flicks [and so on] .

Frank needs time to adjust to the pace etc etc , and also could do with losing a little weight … but he is definately one for the future .
frank needs time to adjust to the pace [and so on] [and so on] , and also could do with losing a little weight … but he is definately one for the future .

Right there you have Englands No1 keeper , 2 international full backs , Scales and Linighan in the centre , Taylor and Deane up front … not to mention Sheridan etc .
right there you have englands no1 keeper , 2 international full backs , scales and linighan in the centre , taylor and deane up front … not to mention sheridan [and so on] .

What Im saying is that there s no harm keeping these players … maybe loan some of them to lower clubs to get more experience etc .
what im saying is that there s no harm keeping these players … maybe loan some of them to lower clubs to get more experience [and so on] .

You have to look to the future … not just 10 years away , but 2,3,5 etc .
you have to look to the future … not just 10 years away , but 2,3,5 [and so on] .

Im happy enough with Deano … how many goals has Rush/Clough/Saunders/Atkinson/Whittingham etc etc scored ? ? He has lots of time yet .
im happy enough with deano … how many goals has rush/clough/saunders/atkinson/whittingham [and so on] [and so on] scored ? ? he has lots of time yet .

Ok like all teams we have weak points ( Bonner ) but also our strong ones McGrath Quinn etc .
ok like all teams we have weak points ( bonner ) but also our strong ones mcgrath quinn [and so on] .

Im sure i speak for the rest of us on the list , but Id like to thank halvard for all this gossip/info from Norway etc .
im sure i speak for the rest of us on the list , but id like to thank halvard for all this gossip/info from norway [and so on] .

With competition at big clubs , you often get young players who ‘ die ’ in the reserves etc — often they get sold to lower division clubs for their own good … but then the big clubs end up spending millions to get them back again .
with competition at big clubs , you often get young players who ‘ die ’ in the reserves [and so on] — often they get sold to lower division clubs for their own good … but then the big clubs end up spending millions to get them back again .

The one which beat Joe Corrigon at Elland Road in the mid-70s is a classic — coming over his shoulder , with a man on … etc .
the one which beat joe corrigon at elland road in the mid-70s is a classic — coming over his shoulder , with a man on … [and so on] .

one , which is usually turned into the ‘ One Rodney Wallace , there 's only one etc .
one , which is usually turned into the ‘ one rodney wallace , there 's only one [and so on] .

Is there anybody who lives nearer Leeds that has heard anything about demos. etc ?
is there anybody who lives nearer leeds that has heard anything about demos. [and so on] ?

It might be a potential signing for the groundsman — if he can spit half as well as his dad then we just get him to run around on the pitch for 20 mins … no need for sprinklers etc .
it might be a potential signing for the groundsman — if he can spit half as well as his dad then we just get him to run around on the pitch for 20 mins … no need for sprinklers [and so on] .

That he has books , videos etc to do — lots of things that would take 30 years to do .
that he has books , videos [and so on] to do — lots of things that would take 30 years to do .

Let either of us know and we can send you details of where and when we are meeting etc .
let either of us know and we can send you details of where and when we are meeting [and so on] .

So , we are ‘ allowed ’ one draw — one win — one draw … etc etc .
so , we are ‘ allowed ’ one draw — one win — one draw … [and so on] [and so on] .

‘ 'there 's only one Kamara ’ etc from the crowd and a lot of applause when he was subbed .
‘ 'there 's only one kamara ’ [and so on] from the crowd and a lot of applause when he was subbed .

This may include : ticket info ; reductions on prices ; electronic distribution of fan-cluib news letters etc etc .
this may include : ticket info ; reductions on prices ; electronic distribution of fan-cluib news letters [and so on] [and so on] .

Dear Sir , etc ,
dear sir , [and so on] ,

Itll also be useful when arranging travel groups etc .
itll also be useful when arranging travel groups [and so on] .

That will shut up the winging Wednesday , West Ham , Swindon , etc etc fans — ’ You 're above us … but we play really good footbal to watch … ’ .
that will shut up the winging wednesday , west ham , swindon , [and so on] [and so on] fans — ’ you 're above us … but we play really good footbal to watch … ’ .

In a subsistence economy where individuals make their own clothes , grow their own food , provide their own entertainments , etc .
in a subsistence economy where individuals make their own clothes , grow their own food , provide their own entertainments , [and so on] .

Thus by the use of cheques , credit cards , standing orders , etc .
thus by the use of cheques , credit cards , standing orders , [and so on] .

Unlike most other financial institutions , they are involved in operating the payments system : the transmission of money through cheques , standing orders , direct debits , etc .
unlike most other financial institutions , they are involved in operating the payments system : the transmission of money through cheques , standing orders , direct debits , [and so on] .

The fact that there is a surplus means that the public sector is spending less than it receives in taxes , etc .
the fact that there is a surplus means that the public sector is spending less than it receives in taxes , [and so on] .

Initially the banks have reserve assets of £10 billion and advances , etc .
initially the banks have reserve assets of £10 billion and advances , [and so on] .

Increasing the reserve ratio to 25 per cent forces banks to reduce their advances , etc .
increasing the reserve ratio to 25 per cent forces banks to reduce their advances , [and so on] .

Other financial institutions ( foreign banks , finance companies , clearing banks ' subsidiaries , etc . )
other financial institutions ( foreign banks , finance companies , clearing banks ' subsidiaries , [and so on] . )

These fluctuations are made more severe by speculation against changes in interest rates , exchange rates , the rate of inflation , etc .
these fluctuations are made more severe by speculation against changes in interest rates , exchange rates , the rate of inflation , [and so on] .

To anyone who got Wednesdays Daily Telegraph — did it say when they would printing rules , details of players etc again ?
to anyone who got wednesdays daily telegraph — did it say when they would printing rules , details of players [and so on] again ?

We 'll send details of the pub , the ground , etc etc nearer the time .
we 'll send details of the pub , the ground , [and so on] [and so on] nearer the time .

We could have a few beers after the match etc .
we could have a few beers after the match [and so on] .

Deane is n't a bad player , at sheffield however he did score in bursts rather than every other game he also played not as a goalscorer but someone to play flicks etc .
deane is n't a bad player , at sheffield however he did score in bursts rather than every other game he also played not as a goalscorer but someone to play flicks [and so on] .

They do nt even create his goals — he s just got that luck/knack of being in the right place for deflections etc .
they do nt even create his goals — he s just got that luck/knack of being in the right place for deflections [and so on] .

Past a certain point where ownership of the method or idea is registered and institution/company interests safe-guarded , the ideas are tested in the wider scientific world , using seminars , contacts etc .
past a certain point where ownership of the method or idea is registered and institution/company interests safe-guarded , the ideas are tested in the wider scientific world , using seminars , contacts [and so on] .

Thus issue of pasting in photographs etc .
thus issue of pasting in photographs [and so on] .

With the ease of editing , forwarding etc .
with the ease of editing , forwarding [and so on] .

Fundamentally however , all objects such as ‘ chapters ’ , ‘ sections ’ , ‘ entries ’ , ‘ acts ’ and ‘ scenes ’ , ‘ cantos ’ etc .
fundamentally however , all objects such as ‘ chapters ’ , ‘ sections ’ , ‘ entries ’ , ‘ acts ’ and ‘ scenes ’ , ‘ cantos ’ [and so on] .

Passages of verse or drama , distinguishing for example speakers , stage directions , verse lines , stanzaic units , etc ;
passages of verse or drama , distinguishing for example speakers , stage directions , verse lines , stanzaic units , [and so on] ;

Quoted phrases , distinguishing direct speech , quotation , terms and glosses , cited phrases etc ;
quoted phrases , distinguishing direct speech , quotation , terms and glosses , cited phrases [and so on] ;

It also implies that data users need to continually monitor/audit the data held , to assess changes in relevance etc .
it also implies that data users need to continually monitor/audit the data held , to assess changes in relevance [and so on] .

particular activities ( such as training courses , specialist catalogues etc ) are required in order to ensure that possible users of the data can be made aware of their potential .
particular activities ( such as training courses , specialist catalogues [and so on] ) are required in order to ensure that possible users of the data can be made aware of their potential .

Examples of strategic information include board papers , product and marketing plans , financial reports , etc .
examples of strategic information include board papers , product and marketing plans , financial reports , [and so on] .

What happened on the land depended partly on economic , technical and demographic factors which , allowing for all local peculiarities and lags , operated on the scale of the globe , or at least of large geographical-climatic zones , and on institutional factors ( social , political , legal , etc . )
what happened on the land depended partly on economic , technical and demographic factors which , allowing for all local peculiarities and lags , operated on the scale of the globe , or at least of large geographical-climatic zones , and on institutional factors ( social , political , legal , [and so on] . )

At the same time we find the first attempts to develop certain overseas areas as specialist producers of such exports to the ‘ developed ’ world — indigo and jute in Bengal , tobacco in Colombia , coffee in Brazil and Venezuela , not to mention cotton in Egypt , etc .
at the same time we find the first attempts to develop certain overseas areas as specialist producers of such exports to the ‘ developed ’ world — indigo and jute in bengal , tobacco in colombia , coffee in brazil and venezuela , not to mention cotton in egypt , [and so on] .

Where such exports were produced by large estates , as was usual in tropical plantations ( sugar , cotton , etc . )
where such exports were produced by large estates , as was usual in tropical plantations ( sugar , cotton , [and so on] . )

Yet , all in all , farming and the farm remained visibly what they had always been in most parts of the world : more prosperous in the developed areas , and hence investing more heavily in improvements , buildings , etc .
yet , all in all , farming and the farm remained visibly what they had always been in most parts of the world : more prosperous in the developed areas , and hence investing more heavily in improvements , buildings , [and so on] .

Hence the advantage of large estates and plantations for economic development had lain not so much in their technical superiority , higher productivity , economies of scale , etc .
hence the advantage of large estates and plantations for economic development had lain not so much in their technical superiority , higher productivity , economies of scale , [and so on] .

Vichy , Spa , Baden-Baden , Aix-les-Bains , but above all the great international spas of the Habsburg monarchy , Gastein , Marienbad , Karlsbad , etc .
vichy , spa , baden-baden , aix-les-bains , but above all the great international spas of the habsburg monarchy , gastein , marienbad , karlsbad , [and so on] .

The British ‘ aristocracy of labour ’ , a stratum peculiar to that country where the class of independent small producers , shopkeepers , etc .
the british ‘ aristocracy of labour ’ , a stratum peculiar to that country where the class of independent small producers , shopkeepers , [and so on] .

At the same time , and never more so than in the 1860s and 1870s , every secondary sexual characteristic was grotesquely overemphasised : men 's hair and beards , women 's hair , breasts , hips and buttocks , swelled to enormous size by means of false chignons , culs-de-Paris , etc .
at the same time , and never more so than in the 1860s and 1870s , every secondary sexual characteristic was grotesquely overemphasised : men 's hair and beards , women 's hair , breasts , hips and buttocks , swelled to enormous size by means of false chignons , culs-de-paris , [and so on] .

Out of the British steelmasters in 1865,89 per cent came from middle-class families , 7 per cent from the lower middle class ( including small shopkeepers , independent artisans , etc . )
out of the british steelmasters in 1865,89 per cent came from middle-class families , 7 per cent from the lower middle class ( including small shopkeepers , independent artisans , [and so on] . )

The top 150 families of Bordeaux in 1848 included ninety businessmen ( merchants , bankers , shopowners , etc .
the top 150 families of bordeaux in 1848 included ninety businessmen ( merchants , bankers , shopowners , [and so on] .

If the upper echelons of power were largely occupied by older groups , traditionally established there , from 1830 ( in France ) , from 1848 ( in Germany ) the bourgeoisie ‘ assaulted and conquered the lower levels of political power ’ , such as municipal councils , mayoralties , district councils , etc .
if the upper echelons of power were largely occupied by older groups , traditionally established there , from 1830 ( in france ) , from 1848 ( in germany ) the bourgeoisie ‘ assaulted and conquered the lower levels of political power ’ , such as municipal councils , mayoralties , district councils , [and so on] .

Both the techniques of bacteriology — the microscope , the preparation of cultures and slides , etc .
both the techniques of bacteriology — the microscope , the preparation of cultures and slides , [and so on] .

We saw earlier in this chapter how the assumption of given money wages was not an intrinsic part of Keynes 's theory : ‘ The essential character of the argument is precisely the same whether or not money-wages , etc .
we saw earlier in this chapter how the assumption of given money wages was not an intrinsic part of keynes 's theory : ‘ the essential character of the argument is precisely the same whether or not money-wages , [and so on] .

Carpe diem : workers will take advantage of the short-term opportunity for financial gain afforded by abnormally high real wages by working longer hours , postponing holidays , working weekends , etc .
carpe diem : workers will take advantage of the short-term opportunity for financial gain afforded by abnormally high real wages by working longer hours , postponing holidays , working weekends , [and so on] .

Keynesian economics , by contrast , was supposed to be built upon non-maximizing , ad hoc assumptions and constructs such as fixed prices and money wages , money illusion , curious ‘ psychological laws of consumption ’ , etc .
keynesian economics , by contrast , was supposed to be built upon non-maximizing , ad hoc assumptions and constructs such as fixed prices and money wages , money illusion , curious ‘ psychological laws of consumption ’ , [and so on] .

The expenditure decisions of the private sector depend upon an extensive array of variables — the rate of interest , the real wage rate , the realized level of income , etc .
the expenditure decisions of the private sector depend upon an extensive array of variables — the rate of interest , the real wage rate , the realized level of income , [and so on] .

If the admission etc is delivered late but in a default action before judgment is entered or in a fixed date action before the return day , then the court proceeds as if the admission etc had been filed in time , as far as possible .
if the admission [and so on] is delivered late but in a default action before judgment is entered or in a fixed date action before the return day , then the court proceeds as if the admission [and so on] had been filed in time , as far as possible .

The court shall treat any document which shows a desire to dispute , admit , ask time to pay , or counterclaim as prima facie admission , defence etc ( Ord 9 , r 17 ) provided that it is properly signed ( Ord 9 , r 19 ) .
the court shall treat any document which shows a desire to dispute , admit , ask time to pay , or counterclaim as prima facie admission , defence [and so on] ( ord 9 , r 17 ) provided that it is properly signed ( ord 9 , r 19 ) .

If however the party affected is not present or represented , then the following , which has slight variance , must be used : Unless within [ 14 ] days of service of this order [ then continue as above ] The form of order `` Unless within [ 14 ] days from today … `` can still be used where the party is present or represented , but can lead to argument how the time is to be reckoned , and is not suitable for consent orders , for which the wording `` unless by 4 pm on etc … `` should be used .
if however the party affected is not present or represented , then the following , which has slight variance , must be used : unless within [ 14 ] days of service of this order [ then continue as above ] the form of order `` unless within [ 14 ] days from today … `` can still be used where the party is present or represented , but can lead to argument how the time is to be reckoned , and is not suitable for consent orders , for which the wording `` unless by 4 pm on [and so on] … `` should be used .

Inspection etc of property
inspection [and so on] of property

Service on insurers etc
service on insurers [and so on]

6 Industrial property etc
6 industrial property [and so on]

8 Jigs , tools , gauges , etc
8 jigs , tools , gauges , [and so on]

Undertaking under Section 6 ( 8 ) of Health and Safety at Work , etc .
undertaking under section 6 ( 8 ) of health and safety at work , [and so on] .

It is clear that as a matter of prudent management in a firm of any size one of the partners or a senior member of staff should be given overall responsibility for ensuring that all partners and employed solicitors ( whether or not held out as partners ) comply with these basic requirements of professional practice ( by keeping a check on replacement and renewal dates , collating relevant statistical information , ensuring timeous completion and posting of applications , etc ) and that the firm is spared the embarrassment of financial penalties or , even worse , an unwanted dissolution .
it is clear that as a matter of prudent management in a firm of any size one of the partners or a senior member of staff should be given overall responsibility for ensuring that all partners and employed solicitors ( whether or not held out as partners ) comply with these basic requirements of professional practice ( by keeping a check on replacement and renewal dates , collating relevant statistical information , ensuring timeous completion and posting of applications , [and so on] ) and that the firm is spared the embarrassment of financial penalties or , even worse , an unwanted dissolution .

An arrangement whereby a limited partner invests a capital sum in the business which he is not permitted to withdraw until dissolution of the partnership ( which will not automatically occur on death or bankruptcy etc ) and which represents his maximum liability in respect of the firm 's debts and obligations , who is given a profit share but who is excluded from the management of the firm , is doubtless seen as too restrictive .
an arrangement whereby a limited partner invests a capital sum in the business which he is not permitted to withdraw until dissolution of the partnership ( which will not automatically occur on death or bankruptcy [and so on] ) and which represents his maximum liability in respect of the firm 's debts and obligations , who is given a profit share but who is excluded from the management of the firm , is doubtless seen as too restrictive .

Incorporated practices are already permitted ( subject to local law requirements ) if their business is carried on only wholly outside England and Wales so long as all directors and shareholders are properly qualified lawyers ( ie barristers or solicitors or locally qualified advocates etc ) and the practice complies with the Overseas Practice Rules ( see above ) .
incorporated practices are already permitted ( subject to local law requirements ) if their business is carried on only wholly outside england and wales so long as all directors and shareholders are properly qualified lawyers ( ie barristers or solicitors or locally qualified advocates [and so on] ) and the practice complies with the overseas practice rules ( see above ) .

Upon termination of the retainer , the client is entitled to be handed back all relevant papers ( ie documents prepared by the solicitor for the benefit of and paid for by the client , eg instructions to counsel , copy letters to third parties etc , and documents prepared by a third party during the retainer and sent to the solicitor other than at the latter 's expense , eg vouchers for the solicitor 's disbursements ) and other property which may be in the solicitor 's possession , though the solicitor does have a lien in respect of his unpaid costs .
upon termination of the retainer , the client is entitled to be handed back all relevant papers ( ie documents prepared by the solicitor for the benefit of and paid for by the client , eg instructions to counsel , copy letters to third parties [and so on] , and documents prepared by a third party during the retainer and sent to the solicitor other than at the latter 's expense , eg vouchers for the solicitor 's disbursements ) and other property which may be in the solicitor 's possession , though the solicitor does have a lien in respect of his unpaid costs .

While individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .
while individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill [and so on] ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .

The Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act 1970 The Act deals with the provision of suitable facilities ( access to premises etc ) for disabled employees .
the chronically sick and disabled persons act 1970 the act deals with the provision of suitable facilities ( access to premises [and so on] ) for disabled employees .

Partly for this reason and partly because of the inherent complexity the partnership agreement itself will rarely include ( at any rate in its main body ) a breakdown of the chosen management structures in full detail , though where a decision is taken on a matter of principle ( eg what matters require the unanimous approval of the partners , how a senior partner should be chosen , etc ) the partnership agreement is the logical place for it to be recorded .
partly for this reason and partly because of the inherent complexity the partnership agreement itself will rarely include ( at any rate in its main body ) a breakdown of the chosen management structures in full detail , though where a decision is taken on a matter of principle ( eg what matters require the unanimous approval of the partners , how a senior partner should be chosen , [and so on] ) the partnership agreement is the logical place for it to be recorded .

It is usual to make specific provision for service of such notices , eg at the last known home address of a partner , in a way that will afford evidence that it has been duly given ( eg by registered delivery , entry in the firm 's post book etc ) .
it is usual to make specific provision for service of such notices , eg at the last known home address of a partner , in a way that will afford evidence that it has been duly given ( eg by registered delivery , entry in the firm 's post book [and so on] ) .

Thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .
thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies [and so on] ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care [and so on] ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .

( b ) Holidays etc In practice , partners will agree between themselves as to the amount of time they should be allowed to take away from the practice and when their absence from the firm will cause the least difficulty .
( b ) holidays [and so on] in practice , partners will agree between themselves as to the amount of time they should be allowed to take away from the practice and when their absence from the firm will cause the least difficulty .

Security arrangements for the opening of mail etc have to be made watertight .
security arrangements for the opening of mail [and so on] have to be made watertight .

It is usual to provide for such circumstances by permitting expulsion where a partner , through ill health etc , is prevented from performing his obligations to the firm .
it is usual to provide for such circumstances by permitting expulsion where a partner , through ill health [and so on] , is prevented from performing his obligations to the firm .

It may be , however , that the other partners will wish to take time to consider the position , to wait upon particular events ( the outcome of bankruptcy proceedings , the settlement of financial or matrimonial problems etc ) .
it may be , however , that the other partners will wish to take time to consider the position , to wait upon particular events ( the outcome of bankruptcy proceedings , the settlement of financial or matrimonial problems [and so on] ) .

Particular attention should be given to those grounds for expulsion which depend upon the partners making necessarily subjective assessments about their colleagues ( level of performance , observance of the spirit of the partnership etc ) where the issues are rarely clear cut .
particular attention should be given to those grounds for expulsion which depend upon the partners making necessarily subjective assessments about their colleagues ( level of performance , observance of the spirit of the partnership [and so on] ) where the issues are rarely clear cut .

In each case a multiplier will be applied having regard to such matters as : ( 1 ) the size of the firm in question ; ( 2 ) the personal attributes of the partners ; ( 3 ) the type of practice ( specialised or general etc ) ; ( 4 ) the locality of the firm ; ( 5 ) the security of tenure of the firm at its premises ; or ( 6 ) the firm 's profit trend .
in each case a multiplier will be applied having regard to such matters as : ( 1 ) the size of the firm in question ; ( 2 ) the personal attributes of the partners ; ( 3 ) the type of practice ( specialised or general [and so on] ) ; ( 4 ) the locality of the firm ; ( 5 ) the security of tenure of the firm at its premises ; or ( 6 ) the firm 's profit trend .

The partnership agreement sought to restrain outgoing partners over a period of five years from acting as a solicitor , notary , trade mark or patent agent or in any similar capacity in the Colony of Hong Kong whether as principal , clerk or assistant for any person , firm or company who was at the time of his ceasing to be a partner or had during the period of three years prior thereto been a client of the partnership … The agreement would not however have prevented their being employed as a solicitor etc by the colonial government or local companies .
the partnership agreement sought to restrain outgoing partners over a period of five years from acting as a solicitor , notary , trade mark or patent agent or in any similar capacity in the colony of hong kong whether as principal , clerk or assistant for any person , firm or company who was at the time of his ceasing to be a partner or had during the period of three years prior thereto been a client of the partnership … the agreement would not however have prevented their being employed as a solicitor [and so on] by the colonial government or local companies .

At one remove again , each animal has 5,832 ( 18 x 18 x 18 ) neighbours , the set of possible great grandchildren , great grandparents , first cousins , etc .
at one remove again , each animal has 5,832 ( 18 x 18 x 18 ) neighbours , the set of possible great grandchildren , great grandparents , first cousins , [and so on] .

Goldschmidt might rather have said : `` Can we really assume that the birds , etc .
goldschmidt might rather have said : `` can we really assume that the birds , [and so on] .

They are bony fish ( with swimbladders ) related to herrings , trout , etc .
they are bony fish ( with swimbladders ) related to herrings , trout , [and so on] .

An important trade is concerned with the exploitation of the great grasslands variously known as prairie , pampas , savannah , etc .
an important trade is concerned with the exploitation of the great grasslands variously known as prairie , pampas , savannah , [and so on] .

However , when it comes to larger scale public energy supply systems , eg large wind turbines , tidal barrages etc , people 's attitudes and behaviour might seem initially to be less significant , at least as far as the operation of the system is concerned .
however , when it comes to larger scale public energy supply systems , eg large wind turbines , tidal barrages [and so on] , people 's attitudes and behaviour might seem initially to be less significant , at least as far as the operation of the system is concerned .

In this room demand fitments for your linen and clothing , not more than five feet in height , with drawers , hangers etc `` ( 1927 p 114 ) .
in this room demand fitments for your linen and clothing , not more than five feet in height , with drawers , hangers [and so on] `` ( 1927 p 114 ) .

… `` what many feel , touch upon , but hardly articulate … `` design `` as a term which is a noun and a verb , and also one which denotes a form of representation , an activity , a practice , a product etc etc at one and the same time … ie design as a priori a social activity unable to be undertaken without having social implications .
… `` what many feel , touch upon , but hardly articulate … `` design `` as a term which is a noun and a verb , and also one which denotes a form of representation , an activity , a practice , a product [and so on] [and so on] at one and the same time … ie design as a priori a social activity unable to be undertaken without having social implications .

If we approach these tensions from the perspective of assuming that these represent the dialectical poles , or at least some of them ( for of course others could be discussed here had we the space : for example the tension between `` knowing how `` and `` knowing that `` in design activity ) of a design activity which encompasses all of these in a vertical moment of synthesis , a synthesis that is counterposed horizontally ( ie over time ) by the changing movements of the activity itself ( from product critique through to problem definition to cognitive modeling of potential solutions etc ) , a movement of understanding and practice which parallels in its sphere the circle of historical understanding and historical praxis ( and just as the latter is the `` way in which history itself moves `` so the former is the `` way praxis itself moves `` ) so design can be seen as embodying that movement in its movement from or across actuality ie in its activity of transformation from one set of `` givens `` to another ; in its movement from problem to product .
if we approach these tensions from the perspective of assuming that these represent the dialectical poles , or at least some of them ( for of course others could be discussed here had we the space : for example the tension between `` knowing how `` and `` knowing that `` in design activity ) of a design activity which encompasses all of these in a vertical moment of synthesis , a synthesis that is counterposed horizontally ( ie over time ) by the changing movements of the activity itself ( from product critique through to problem definition to cognitive modeling of potential solutions [and so on] ) , a movement of understanding and practice which parallels in its sphere the circle of historical understanding and historical praxis ( and just as the latter is the `` way in which history itself moves `` so the former is the `` way praxis itself moves `` ) so design can be seen as embodying that movement in its movement from or across actuality ie in its activity of transformation from one set of `` givens `` to another ; in its movement from problem to product .

There is a mass of couplets itemising the Vicar , the Curate , the Clubs and Social Meetings , Inns , Almshouses etc … Here are found almost all the characters of the opera , including Auntie the publican and her ubiquitously recruited `` nieces `` , Ned Keene the quack apothecary , Mrs Sedley the East-Indiaman 's widow , Ellen Orford the widowed school-teacher , Bob Boles the Methodist Lay-preacher , Swallow the local magistrate , bully and lawyer , and even Dr Crabbe ( a nominal intrusion ) the medico .
there is a mass of couplets itemising the vicar , the curate , the clubs and social meetings , inns , almshouses [and so on] … here are found almost all the characters of the opera , including auntie the publican and her ubiquitously recruited `` nieces `` , ned keene the quack apothecary , mrs sedley the east-indiaman 's widow , ellen orford the widowed school-teacher , bob boles the methodist lay-preacher , swallow the local magistrate , bully and lawyer , and even dr crabbe ( a nominal intrusion ) the medico .

Where do they circulate : in public or informal circles ; the media ; `` fringe `` theatres , etc ? )
where do they circulate : in public or informal circles ; the media ; `` fringe `` theatres , [and so on] ? )

The only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , etc ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .
the only real answer she provides is the joke-capping session itself , which then forms the topic of the rest of the chapter ; but more could be said , for example , on the functions of joke-telling ( for breaking down taboos , reassuring , releasing tension , passing the time , indirect criticising , [and so on] ) ; and on the relation of joke-telling to questions of `` power `` and `` solidarity `` .

By detaching religious images from the human experience in which they occur , he minimizes the influence of psychological forces and cultural images ( from literature , mythology , art , etc . )
by detaching religious images from the human experience in which they occur , he minimizes the influence of psychological forces and cultural images ( from literature , mythology , art , [and so on] . )

The Action Team is also interested in breaking down barriers which discourage West Belfast people from working outside the area through work experience , Wider Horizons programmes , etc .
the action team is also interested in breaking down barriers which discourage west belfast people from working outside the area through work experience , wider horizons programmes , [and so on] .

Thus the responsibility for unemployment would be seen to lie with the unemployed , who would then be seen to be personally responsible for their own unemployment , poverty , etc .
thus the responsibility for unemployment would be seen to lie with the unemployed , who would then be seen to be personally responsible for their own unemployment , poverty , [and so on] .

No legal framework prevails to enable disabled people to counteract discrimination , unfair employment practices , problems of access , etc .
no legal framework prevails to enable disabled people to counteract discrimination , unfair employment practices , problems of access , [and so on] .

The idea that only manufacturing jobs create profit was also challenged and it was suggested that there are many jobs needing to be done in West Belfast — teachers , nurses , creche workers , etc .
the idea that only manufacturing jobs create profit was also challenged and it was suggested that there are many jobs needing to be done in west belfast — teachers , nurses , creche workers , [and so on] .

Bringing up children , making sick people well , educating the next generation of workers , etc .
bringing up children , making sick people well , educating the next generation of workers , [and so on] .

It was pointed out that social security offices present an oppressive atmosphere , lacking basic amenities such as toilets , nursing rooms for mothers , etc .
it was pointed out that social security offices present an oppressive atmosphere , lacking basic amenities such as toilets , nursing rooms for mothers , [and so on] .

It was argued that they can monopolise resources in an area where they already do have a monopoly ( schools , community halls , etc . )
it was argued that they can monopolise resources in an area where they already do have a monopoly ( schools , community halls , [and so on] . )

The museum shop offers a wide range of books , gifts , souvenirs , postcards , films etc .
the museum shop offers a wide range of books , gifts , souvenirs , postcards , films [and so on] .

Special promotional holidays for golf , fishing , Cadw , drama festival , etc .
special promotional holidays for golf , fishing , cadw , drama festival , [and so on] .

Restaurants , antique and craft shops can be found in and around the township and in addition to the Castle currently undergoing environmental works , visitors are intrigued by the thriving ancient Corporation with its Portreeve , Jury and Common Attorney etc .
restaurants , antique and craft shops can be found in and around the township and in addition to the castle currently undergoing environmental works , visitors are intrigued by the thriving ancient corporation with its portreeve , jury and common attorney [and so on] .

Bombay duck , etc. , etc .
bombay duck , etc. , [and so on] .

At Lord Anadall 's supper that night there was lobster and roast lamb ( obviously cold ) " a ring w t wild foull collops and pickles etc " brawn , a cold tart , " two salvers of silibubs and jellies " , and two dishes of confections .
at lord anadall 's supper that night there was lobster and roast lamb ( obviously cold ) " a ring w t wild foull collops and pickles [and so on] " brawn , a cold tart , " two salvers of silibubs and jellies " , and two dishes of confections .

Next day , remove the fat from the stock ( keep it for frying bread , potatoes , etc . )
next day , remove the fat from the stock ( keep it for frying bread , potatoes , [and so on] . )

We 've all been trucking along for so long on the back of the post-war consensus ( more growth , more production , more consumption , more jobs , more energy , more roads , more hospitals , more rubbish , etc ) , that most people are understandably reluctant to get off the treadmill — even though they can see it 's falling to pieces .
we 've all been trucking along for so long on the back of the post-war consensus ( more growth , more production , more consumption , more jobs , more energy , more roads , more hospitals , more rubbish , [and so on] ) , that most people are understandably reluctant to get off the treadmill — even though they can see it 's falling to pieces .

So , in addition to regulations for worship ( festivals , sacrifices , etc . )
so , in addition to regulations for worship ( festivals , sacrifices , [and so on] . )

The Angel of the Lord : Without diminishing his deity , he accommodates himself to speak to man : Genesis 16:7f. ; Judges 13:16f. , etc .
the angel of the lord : without diminishing his deity , he accommodates himself to speak to man : genesis 16:7f. ; judges 13:16f. , [and so on] .

— The high tone of the sacrificial system : no frenzy , or prostitution , orgies , fertility rites , human sacrifice , etc .
— the high tone of the sacrificial system : no frenzy , or prostitution , orgies , fertility rites , human sacrifice , [and so on] .

In other words `` blood `` means death — the termination of life — just as it does in ordinary metaphorical usage ( see , for instance , Genesis 9:5 , 37:26 ; etc . )
in other words `` blood `` means death — the termination of life — just as it does in ordinary metaphorical usage ( see , for instance , genesis 9:5 , 37:26 ; [and so on] . )

The psalms fall into different categories , such as hymns , thanksgivings , laments , royal psalms , pilgrimage songs , etc .
the psalms fall into different categories , such as hymns , thanksgivings , laments , royal psalms , pilgrimage songs , [and so on] .

Or take household goods — such as washing machines , televisions , deep freezers , microwaves etc .
or take household goods — such as washing machines , televisions , deep freezers , microwaves [and so on] .

Brighter and flourishing inner-city areas in London , Sheffield , Newcastle , Liverpool etc — and Glasgow as the ‘ European City of Culture ’ .
brighter and flourishing inner-city areas in london , sheffield , newcastle , liverpool [and so on] — and glasgow as the ‘ european city of culture ’ .

The unsuccessful minimal strategy ( in which no critical information is supplied ) is most evident among the younger children , while the sophisticated directional strategy ( which makes use of instructions involving ‘ left ’ , ‘ right ’ , etc . )
the unsuccessful minimal strategy ( in which no critical information is supplied ) is most evident among the younger children , while the sophisticated directional strategy ( which makes use of instructions involving ‘ left ’ , ‘ right ’ , [and so on] . )

, ‘ the third one ’ , etc . )
, ‘ the third one ’ , [and so on] . )

Both however , belong to generations that discussed ‘ the press ’ or ‘ information ’ , and ‘ the means of information and opinion ’ with reference to 1631 , to 1789 or to 1881 … in terms , that is , either of control by the executive ( Monarch , Emperor , President of the Republic , etc .
both however , belong to generations that discussed ‘ the press ’ or ‘ information ’ , and ‘ the means of information and opinion ’ with reference to 1631 , to 1789 or to 1881 … in terms , that is , either of control by the executive ( monarch , emperor , president of the republic , [and so on] .

This was the legacy on the one hand , of state control of print media — books , pamphlets , journals , etc .
this was the legacy on the one hand , of state control of print media — books , pamphlets , journals , [and so on] .

— via the licensing of printers and publishers , censorship and other means ( 1631–1789 ) , and state control of telecommunications ( telegraphy ) and sound broadcasting ( laws of 1837 , 1851 and 1923 ; ordinance of March 1945 , etc . )
— via the licensing of printers and publishers , censorship and other means ( 1631–1789 ) , and state control of telecommunications ( telegraphy ) and sound broadcasting ( laws of 1837 , 1851 and 1923 ; ordinance of march 1945 , [and so on] . )

Information , the press and broadcasting proved one of the many — albeit minor — issues that proved intractable for a regime marked by weak government and undermined by colonial wars ( Indochina , 1946–54 ; Algeria , 1954–62 , etc . )
information , the press and broadcasting proved one of the many — albeit minor — issues that proved intractable for a regime marked by weak government and undermined by colonial wars ( indochina , 1946–54 ; algeria , 1954–62 , [and so on] . )

Public service broadcasting objectives were intertwined with two other issues : the state as arbiter between different interests ( programme companies , the cinema industry , etc .
public service broadcasting objectives were intertwined with two other issues : the state as arbiter between different interests ( programme companies , the cinema industry , [and so on] .

Yours , etc .
yours , [and so on] .

’ First on the list of their declared objectives was ‘ The establishment of a store for the sale of provisions , clothing etc .
’ first on the list of their declared objectives was ‘ the establishment of a store for the sale of provisions , clothing [and so on] .

Those with special techniques or a particular knowledge of equipment , tools , materials , etc .
those with special techniques or a particular knowledge of equipment , tools , materials , [and so on] .

The dapple grey is course the traditional and most popular finish for a rocking horse , but other painted finishes are also used ; plain black or white , palomino , piebald etc … Natural wood finish , stained , lacquered or varnished and polished can be most impressive . Bear in mind however , that if you opt for a natural wood finish your mistakes will all be seen !
the dapple grey is course the traditional and most popular finish for a rocking horse , but other painted finishes are also used ; plain black or white , palomino , piebald [and so on] … natural wood finish , stained , lacquered or varnished and polished can be most impressive . bear in mind however , that if you opt for a natural wood finish your mistakes will all be seen !

Perhaps their part is best summarised by remarking that if the brain is damaged at this region not only sexual capacity may be reduced but libido ( sexual urge ) may be reduced or may even be completely lost ; in the opposite direction , artificial stimulation by means of electrodes implanted in these parts of the brain can reproduce the sensations of orgasm and its phenomena — ejaculation etc .
perhaps their part is best summarised by remarking that if the brain is damaged at this region not only sexual capacity may be reduced but libido ( sexual urge ) may be reduced or may even be completely lost ; in the opposite direction , artificial stimulation by means of electrodes implanted in these parts of the brain can reproduce the sensations of orgasm and its phenomena — ejaculation [and so on] .

There is here , however , another component of erection etc .
there is here , however , another component of erection [and so on] .

If the spinal cord is severed at any point , it will be evident that the messages can not get through and this is just what does happen in cases of severe spinal injury etc .
if the spinal cord is severed at any point , it will be evident that the messages can not get through and this is just what does happen in cases of severe spinal injury [and so on] .

In fact , during pregnancy , she becomes able to ingest and utilise more of the necessary substance than is required by the child alone so that by the end of pregnancy she will be better off for such substances as nitrogen , calcium etc .
in fact , during pregnancy , she becomes able to ingest and utilise more of the necessary substance than is required by the child alone so that by the end of pregnancy she will be better off for such substances as nitrogen , calcium [and so on] .

However , the baby is equipped with mechanisms which allow it to respond to the physical difficulties of birth — the breathing response etc .
however , the baby is equipped with mechanisms which allow it to respond to the physical difficulties of birth — the breathing response [and so on] .

Some degree of sado-masochistic activity — spanking , tickling , pinching , biting , scratching etc .
some degree of sado-masochistic activity — spanking , tickling , pinching , biting , scratching [and so on] .

The Matrimonial Causes Acts 1965 , 1967 and 1973 , covering matters of marital dissolution etc .
the matrimonial causes acts 1965 , 1967 and 1973 , covering matters of marital dissolution [and so on] .

It is usually ( although not in all circumstances ) for the prosecution to prove that any act carried out purportedly in accordance with the needs of patient , hospital , client etc .
it is usually ( although not in all circumstances ) for the prosecution to prove that any act carried out purportedly in accordance with the needs of patient , hospital , client [and so on] .

Endearment , where a measure of fondness may reasonably be held to exist between two persons , may be offered as a defence in acts which are not themselves inevitably offences ( namely , those covered by the law on indecent assaults etc . )
endearment , where a measure of fondness may reasonably be held to exist between two persons , may be offered as a defence in acts which are not themselves inevitably offences ( namely , those covered by the law on indecent assaults [and so on] . )

Returning to Gorer 's work , this situation adds point to the feeling among most of his respondents that give-and-take , understanding and discussion , mutual trust and help etc .
returning to gorer 's work , this situation adds point to the feeling among most of his respondents that give-and-take , understanding and discussion , mutual trust and help [and so on] .

We assume the reader to be familiar with the notation of matrices and with the rules of combination : addition , multiplication , etc .
we assume the reader to be familiar with the notation of matrices and with the rules of combination : addition , multiplication , [and so on] .

For example , from ( 1 ) above , is the first element in the column Ax , the second , etc .
for example , from ( 1 ) above , is the first element in the column ax , the second , [and so on] .

But we can with advantage choose co to be a column in the previous iteration to find1 etc .
but we can with advantage choose co to be a column in the previous iteration to find1 [and so on] .

For our initial column co , we again choose the column c9 from Table 2.7.1.1 , in the iteration to find 1 etc .
for our initial column co , we again choose the column c9 from table 2.7.1.1 , in the iteration to find 1 [and so on] .

We assume once more than have dominant moduli , any eigenvalues of greater moduli having been removed by deflation etc .
we assume once more than have dominant moduli , any eigenvalues of greater moduli having been removed by deflation [and so on] .

The following characteristics of , , etc .
the following characteristics of , , [and so on] .

Insertion in ( 5 ) leads to , or , if , , , etc .
insertion in ( 5 ) leads to , or , if , , , [and so on] .

Sometimes the term has been applied to the linguistic habits of a particular writer ( `` the style of Dickens , of Proust `` , etc ) ; at other times it has been applied to the way language is used in a particular genre , period , school of writing , or some combination of these : `` epistolary style `` , `` early eighteenth-century style `` , `` euphuistic style `` , `` the style of Victorian novels `` , etc .
sometimes the term has been applied to the linguistic habits of a particular writer ( `` the style of dickens , of proust `` , [and so on] ) ; at other times it has been applied to the way language is used in a particular genre , period , school of writing , or some combination of these : `` epistolary style `` , `` early eighteenth-century style `` , `` euphuistic style `` , `` the style of victorian novels `` , [and so on] .

It is important to understand that language is used , in fiction , to project a world `` beyond language `` , in that we use not only our knowledge of language , the meanings of words etc , but also our general knowledge of the real world , to furnish it .
it is important to understand that language is used , in fiction , to project a world `` beyond language `` , in that we use not only our knowledge of language , the meanings of words [and so on] , but also our general knowledge of the real world , to furnish it .

Does one use conversation , written prose , modern novels , etc , as one 's standard for determining the norm of `` the language as a whole `` ?
does one use conversation , written prose , modern novels , [and so on] , as one 's standard for determining the norm of `` the language as a whole `` ?

Aesthetic terms `` used in the discussion of style ( urbane , curt , exuberant , florid , lucid , plain , vigorous , etc ) are not directly referable to any observable linguistic features of texts , and one of the long-term aims of stylistics must be to see how far such descriptions can be justified in terms of descriptions of a more linguistic kind .
aesthetic terms `` used in the discussion of style ( urbane , curt , exuberant , florid , lucid , plain , vigorous , [and so on] ) are not directly referable to any observable linguistic features of texts , and one of the long-term aims of stylistics must be to see how far such descriptions can be justified in terms of descriptions of a more linguistic kind .

What was overlooked in our discussion of stylistic competence is that our intuitive `` placing `` of a text depends not on an undifferentiated capacity to compare a text with the norm of the language , but rather on a responsiveness to a set of norms : a norm for spoken conversation , a norm for news reporting , a norm for writing diaries , a norm for historical novels , etc .
what was overlooked in our discussion of stylistic competence is that our intuitive `` placing `` of a text depends not on an undifferentiated capacity to compare a text with the norm of the language , but rather on a responsiveness to a set of norms : a norm for spoken conversation , a norm for news reporting , a norm for writing diaries , a norm for historical novels , [and so on] .

The contrastive nature of linguistic categories is clear in cases where the category label contains two words : for example a transitive verb obviously contrasts with other types of verb ( intransitive verbs , linking verbs , etc ) .
the contrastive nature of linguistic categories is clear in cases where the category label contains two words : for example a transitive verb obviously contrasts with other types of verb ( intransitive verbs , linking verbs , [and so on] ) .

And in other cases , for example if we want to count the occurrence of notions of visual perception , morality , causation , kinship , etc , the boundaries are even more vague .
and in other cases , for example if we want to count the occurrence of notions of visual perception , morality , causation , kinship , [and so on] , the boundaries are even more vague .

Another area is that of foregrounding , where we draw on the terminology of traditional poetics ( `` metaphor `` , `` metonymy `` , onomatopoeia `` , etc ) .
another area is that of foregrounding , where we draw on the terminology of traditional poetics ( `` metaphor `` , `` metonymy `` , onomatopoeia `` , [and so on] ) .

C:Figures of speech , etc
c:figures of speech , [and so on]

Such deviations will often be the clue to special interpretations associated with traditional figures of speech such as metaphor , metonymy , synecdoche , paradox , irony If such tropes occur , what kind of special interpretation is involved ( eg metaphor can be classified as personifying , animizing , concretizing , synaesthetic , etc ) ? Because of its close connection with metaphor , simile may also be considered here . Does the text contain any similes , or similar constructions ( eg " as if constructions ) ? What dissimilar semantic fields are related through simile ?
such deviations will often be the clue to special interpretations associated with traditional figures of speech such as metaphor , metonymy , synecdoche , paradox , irony if such tropes occur , what kind of special interpretation is involved ( eg metaphor can be classified as personifying , animizing , concretizing , synaesthetic , [and so on] ) ? because of its close connection with metaphor , simile may also be considered here . does the text contain any similes , or similar constructions ( eg " as if constructions ) ? what dissimilar semantic fields are related through simile ?

What sort of use is made of cross-reference by pronouns ( she , it , they , etc ) ? by substitute forms ( do , so , etc ) , or ellipsis ? Alternatively , is any use made of elegant variation — the avoidance of repetition by the substitution of a descriptive phrase ( as , for example , " the old lawyer " or " her uncle " may substitute for the repetition of an earlier " Mr Jones " ) ?
what sort of use is made of cross-reference by pronouns ( she , it , they , [and so on] ) ? by substitute forms ( do , so , [and so on] ) , or ellipsis ? alternatively , is any use made of elegant variation — the avoidance of repetition by the substitution of a descriptive phrase ( as , for example , " the old lawyer " or " her uncle " may substitute for the repetition of an earlier " mr jones " ) ?

As a physical description , we expect the passage to contain a large number of physical , concrete nouns ( stakes , bamboo , fences , fishermen , ruins , etc ) but what is more striking is that these concrete nouns are matched by nouns which are more abstract in one way or another .
as a physical description , we expect the passage to contain a large number of physical , concrete nouns ( stakes , bamboo , fences , fishermen , ruins , [and so on] ) but what is more striking is that these concrete nouns are matched by nouns which are more abstract in one way or another .

First , we may notice that almost half the concrete nouns refer to general topographical features which , as it were , divide the field of vision into geographical areas and points of focus : domain , ocean , islets , sea , shore , sky , river , earth , cloud , guy , etc .
first , we may notice that almost half the concrete nouns refer to general topographical features which , as it were , divide the field of vision into geographical areas and points of focus : domain , ocean , islets , sea , shore , sky , river , earth , cloud , guy , [and so on] .

Also contributing to the effect are what may be called `` abstract locative `` nouns , indicating geometrical features : lines , division , end , track , head , line , edge , joint , sweep , curves , etc .
also contributing to the effect are what may be called `` abstract locative `` nouns , indicating geometrical features : lines , division , end , track , head , line , edge , joint , sweep , curves , [and so on] .

This relational emphasis is found in the repetition of the word eye itself in abstract nouns implying perception ( aspect , sign , glitter , ripple , glance , etc ) , and in verbs like see , mark , and look .
this relational emphasis is found in the repetition of the word eye itself in abstract nouns implying perception ( aspect , sign , glitter , ripple , glance , [and so on] ) , and in verbs like see , mark , and look .

C:Figures of speech etc
c:figures of speech [and so on]

In comparison with the Conrad passage , purely concrete nouns ( engine , wagons , colt , gorse , railway , hedge , basket , etc ) are here more frequent , and indeed account for more than two-thirds of all nouns .
in comparison with the conrad passage , purely concrete nouns ( engine , wagons , colt , gorse , railway , hedge , basket , [and so on] ) are here more frequent , and indeed account for more than two-thirds of all nouns .

Most verbs are dynamic , and many indicate movement : came , clanking , flickered , licking , trailing , claw , grew , etc ( 24 ) .
most verbs are dynamic , and many indicate movement : came , clanking , flickered , licking , trailing , claw , grew , [and so on] ( 24 ) .

Verbs which are stative generally have implications of movement , indicating physical position or posture : held , stood , cleaved , squat , hung , etc .
verbs which are stative generally have implications of movement , indicating physical position or posture : held , stood , cleaved , squat , hung , [and so on] .

They tie in with the large number of adjectives which emphasize ugliness and torpor : raw , rough , ragged , forsaken , stagnant , dishevelled , etc .
they tie in with the large number of adjectives which emphasize ugliness and torpor : raw , rough , ragged , forsaken , stagnant , dishevelled , [and so on] .

These tend to combine with verbs to emphasize movement and activity ( `` stumbling down `` , `` walking up `` , `` drew back `` , etc ) .
these tend to combine with verbs to emphasize movement and activity ( `` stumbling down `` , `` walking up `` , `` drew back `` , [and so on] ) .

Much of what complexity there is occurs in the adverbials specifying place , direction , etc ( 32 , 40 , 63 ) , and in the noun phrases , descriptively loaded with pre-modifying adjectives ( 57 ) .
much of what complexity there is occurs in the adverbials specifying place , direction , [and so on] ( 32 , 40 , 63 ) , and in the noun phrases , descriptively loaded with pre-modifying adjectives ( 57 ) .

C:Figures of speech etc
c:figures of speech [and so on]

Similarly , James makes sparse use of adjectives ( 6 ) , and of those that occur , many have nothing to do with physical attributes : unwilling , conventional , affable , casual , cynical , etc .
similarly , james makes sparse use of adjectives ( 6 ) , and of those that occur , many have nothing to do with physical attributes : unwilling , conventional , affable , casual , cynical , [and so on] .

The copula occurs as frequently as twelve times ( out of sixty-five main verbs ) , and other categories of verb which are prominent include those denoting attitudes ( hesitated , liked , treating , etc ) , cognitions ( known , supposed , reflected , etc ) , speech acts ( speak , repeated , address , invited , etc ) , and perceptions ( hear , looked , appear , etc ) .
the copula occurs as frequently as twelve times ( out of sixty-five main verbs ) , and other categories of verb which are prominent include those denoting attitudes ( hesitated , liked , treating , [and so on] ) , cognitions ( known , supposed , reflected , [and so on] ) , speech acts ( speak , repeated , address , invited , [and so on] ) , and perceptions ( hear , looked , appear , [and so on] ) .

The most notable classes of adverb are those of manner ( straight , nervously , familiarly , etc ) and of degree ( somewhat , precisely , extravagantly , etc ) , together with focusing adverbs such as only and even 34–36 )
the most notable classes of adverb are those of manner ( straight , nervously , familiarly , [and so on] ) and of degree ( somewhat , precisely , extravagantly , [and so on] ) , together with focusing adverbs such as only and even 34–36 )

In contrast to Lawrence 's simpler and more homely vocabulary , James seems to prefer rather more formal Latinate terms : procrastinated , reflected , remuneration , observation , confession , etc .
in contrast to lawrence 's simpler and more homely vocabulary , james seems to prefer rather more formal latinate terms : procrastinated , reflected , remuneration , observation , confession , [and so on] .

The demonstratives this , and that occur eight times in a connective function ( `` sounds that note `` ( 3 ) , `` this pretext `` ( 7 ) , etc ) , and personal pronouns are also heavily used ( 66–68 ) .
the demonstratives this , and that occur eight times in a connective function ( `` sounds that note `` ( 3 ) , `` this pretext `` ( 7 ) , [and so on] ) , and personal pronouns are also heavily used ( 66–68 ) .

The letters ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) etc in the table refer to the explanatory notes preceding the table .
the letters ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) [and so on] in the table refer to the explanatory notes preceding the table .

We break down finite clauses into functional categories ( adverbial clause , relative clause , etc ) , and non-finite clauses into formal categories ( infinitive , verbless , etc ) .
we break down finite clauses into functional categories ( adverbial clause , relative clause , [and so on] ) , and non-finite clauses into formal categories ( infinitive , verbless , [and so on] ) .

( h ) ( 62 ) Under " passive voice " we include instances of the passive or -ed participle ( anchored , abandoned , etc ) .
( h ) ( 62 ) under " passive voice " we include instances of the passive or -ed participle ( anchored , abandoned , [and so on] ) .

In prose writing , the discrepancy between identity of meaning and identity of sense is well exemplified in the device of so-called elegant variation : we have already noted , for instance p107 ) , Henry James 's use of non-synonymous expressions : `` the poor young man `` , `` this personage `` , etc , as ways of referring to the same person .
in prose writing , the discrepancy between identity of meaning and identity of sense is well exemplified in the device of so-called elegant variation : we have already noted , for instance p107 ) , henry james 's use of non-synonymous expressions : `` the poor young man `` , `` this personage `` , [and so on] , as ways of referring to the same person .

There is apparently no graphological device , whether of spelling , punctuation , capitalization , etc , that can not be exploited for such purposes .
there is apparently no graphological device , whether of spelling , punctuation , capitalization , [and so on] , that can not be exploited for such purposes .

That `` the living have no substance `` has already been implied in the third paragraph , where the nouns eye , feet , hands , and figures are introduced as subjects of verbs which would more appropriately have human subjects such as men , servants , etc .
that `` the living have no substance `` has already been implied in the third paragraph , where the nouns eye , feet , hands , and figures are introduced as subjects of verbs which would more appropriately have human subjects such as men , servants , [and so on] .

The library should serve as the center and coordinating agency for all materials used in the school for visual instruction , such as stereopticons , portable motion picture machines , stereopticon slides , moving picture films , pictures , maps , globes , bulletin board material , museum loans , etc .
the library should serve as the center and coordinating agency for all materials used in the school for visual instruction , such as stereopticons , portable motion picture machines , stereopticon slides , moving picture films , pictures , maps , globes , bulletin board material , museum loans , [and so on] .

Extra-mural lectures , etc .
extra-mural lectures , [and so on] .

to outside bodies on college libraries , etc .
to outside bodies on college libraries , [and so on] .

activity with tools ( lab-work , use of mathematical instruments , etc . )
activity with tools ( lab-work , use of mathematical instruments , [and so on] . )

activity with learning resources ( books , a-v materials , work-cards , project booklets , etc . )
activity with learning resources ( books , a-v materials , work-cards , project booklets , [and so on] . )

creative activity ( drama , artwork , music , crafts , etc . )
creative activity ( drama , artwork , music , crafts , [and so on] . )

Movable `` libraries `` are ideal , for instance , old tea trolleys which hold books , slides , pictures , a hand viewer , box of assignment cards etc .
movable `` libraries `` are ideal , for instance , old tea trolleys which hold books , slides , pictures , a hand viewer , box of assignment cards [and so on] .

Steel-Maitland also explained to Lord Robert Cecil that `` it has been arranged that the National Conservative Union should send out leaflets produced by several of the ancillary organizations , such as the Tariff Reform League , the Anti-Socialist Union , the Primrose League , the London Municipal Society etc . ``
steel-maitland also explained to lord robert cecil that `` it has been arranged that the national conservative union should send out leaflets produced by several of the ancillary organizations , such as the tariff reform league , the anti-socialist union , the primrose league , the london municipal society [and so on] . ``

He was showing off , as is the way with adolescent boys in the first flush of manhood ( let he who has not sinned throw the first stone ) , and , as is the way with adolescent boys in the first flush of manhood , he slipped and fell in the pool — collapse of stout party etc .
he was showing off , as is the way with adolescent boys in the first flush of manhood ( let he who has not sinned throw the first stone ) , and , as is the way with adolescent boys in the first flush of manhood , he slipped and fell in the pool — collapse of stout party [and so on] .

It is as though the programme of Galileo and Locke , which involved discarding secondary qualities ( colour , taste , etc . )
it is as though the programme of galileo and locke , which involved discarding secondary qualities ( colour , taste , [and so on] . )

Others specialise in Radio-TV , Foreign Press , Book Editing , Photo Journalism , etc .
others specialise in radio-tv , foreign press , book editing , photo journalism , [and so on] .

The monopolisation of media power , the trivialisation of contents , the growing gap in technological infrastructure both between and within nations and continents , the concern for the misuse of data , etc .
the monopolisation of media power , the trivialisation of contents , the growing gap in technological infrastructure both between and within nations and continents , the concern for the misuse of data , [and so on] .

Be realistic when you fix the skill levels , eg forwards will need attacking ability , wingers seed , etc .
be realistic when you fix the skill levels , eg forwards will need attacking ability , wingers seed , [and so on] .

Banana power can be altered in the pre-match menu , along with team colours , match length etc .
banana power can be altered in the pre-match menu , along with team colours , match length [and so on] .

As its predecessor , a hybrid of simple management ( picking your team and formation etc ) and overhead-view arcade action .
as its predecessor , a hybrid of simple management ( picking your team and formation [and so on] ) and overhead-view arcade action .

This is a simple , but amusing , sequence with a stick-man player flicking the ball up , chesting it down , etc , before shooting/heading it towards the unseen net — a ‘ goal ’ or ‘ saved ’ caption then appears .
this is a simple , but amusing , sequence with a stick-man player flicking the ball up , chesting it down , [and so on] , before shooting/heading it towards the unseen net — a ‘ goal ’ or ‘ saved ’ caption then appears .

You could win or lose thousands at the races , etc .
you could win or lose thousands at the races , [and so on] .

, a flush , a run , four-of-akind etc .
, a flush , a run , four-of-akind [and so on] .

This continues until the final greenback is lost and she 's in the buff ( huff , huff , hyuck , hyuck , etc ) .
this continues until the final greenback is lost and she 's in the buff ( huff , huff , hyuck , hyuck , [and so on] ) .

They write about advances , liberation , etc and the ordinary , already deeply indoctrinated , people acquire the feeling that we Serbs are winning the war .
they write about advances , liberation , [and so on] and the ordinary , already deeply indoctrinated , people acquire the feeling that we serbs are winning the war .

‘ We are lost — we — it 's you that 's lost , you thick Lancastrian … etc , etc . ’
‘ we are lost — we — it 's you that 's lost , you thick lancastrian … [and so on] , [and so on] . ’

There are important by-products such as wool and flax , leading to cloth production , milling , tanning , etc .
there are important by-products such as wool and flax , leading to cloth production , milling , tanning , [and so on] .

It is undoubtedly the case that many AJRs raise matters of urgency for applicants but in such cases the applicant , who is usually the party with the interest in obtaining information , can choose not to seek discovery etc .
it is undoubtedly the case that many ajrs raise matters of urgency for applicants but in such cases the applicant , who is usually the party with the interest in obtaining information , can choose not to seek discovery [and so on] .

Another example is pop music , emanating from radio , audio cassettes , etc .
another example is pop music , emanating from radio , audio cassettes , [and so on] .

Apart from the fact that this ignores the possibility that shareholders may have other objectives in investing ( such as opposing investment in countries practising apartheid , or opposing the manufacture of armaments or cigarettes , etc . )
apart from the fact that this ignores the possibility that shareholders may have other objectives in investing ( such as opposing investment in countries practising apartheid , or opposing the manufacture of armaments or cigarettes , [and so on] . )

Ticket wallet containing your detailed itinerary , luggage labels , travel information , etc .
ticket wallet containing your detailed itinerary , luggage labels , travel information , [and so on] .

Ticket wallet containing your itinerary , luggage labels , travel information etc .
ticket wallet containing your itinerary , luggage labels , travel information [and so on] .

Loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to Amsterdam Travel Service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as specified in the insurance synopsis .
loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to amsterdam travel service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , [and so on] as specified in the insurance synopsis .

The maximum for valuables ( watches , jewellery , cameras and photographic equipment etc . )
the maximum for valuables ( watches , jewellery , cameras and photographic equipment [and so on] . )

Loss of personal money , travel tickets , cheques etc .
loss of personal money , travel tickets , cheques [and so on] .

adjoining rooms , low floors etc .
adjoining rooms , low floors [and so on] .

However , as we do not have direct control over the day-to-day operation of hotels etc .
however , as we do not have direct control over the day-to-day operation of hotels [and so on] .

The juxtaposition of seemingly disparate objects ; the distortion of scale ; the vaguely poetic resonances ( the wedding ring around the finger , the fingers on the piano keys etc . )
the juxtaposition of seemingly disparate objects ; the distortion of scale ; the vaguely poetic resonances ( the wedding ring around the finger , the fingers on the piano keys [and so on] . )

At Pace 's 57th St space until 17 October , Claes Oldenburg has returned to the possibilities of human scale sculptures of harps , saxophones , scent bottles , a tie etc after his monumental commissions that have occupied him since the 1980s and which include ‘ Match Cover ’ in the Olympic village at Barcelona .
at pace 's 57th st space until 17 october , claes oldenburg has returned to the possibilities of human scale sculptures of harps , saxophones , scent bottles , a tie [and so on] after his monumental commissions that have occupied him since the 1980s and which include ‘ match cover ’ in the olympic village at barcelona .

crowded shops , lifts , queues , buses , trains , distance from home , etc .
crowded shops , lifts , queues , buses , trains , distance from home , [and so on] .

chest pains , headaches , etc .
chest pains , headaches , [and so on] .

panicking , hyperventilating , catastrophizing , avoiding , etc . )
panicking , hyperventilating , catastrophizing , avoiding , [and so on] . )

Games such as crosswords , mazes , find the hidden word , etc .
games such as crosswords , mazes , find the hidden word , [and so on] .

Another mental game which some people find effective is to try to think of a boy or girl 's name for every letter of the alphabet , then an animal for every letter , and then an item in the kitchen , etc .
another mental game which some people find effective is to try to think of a boy or girl 's name for every letter of the alphabet , then an animal for every letter , and then an item in the kitchen , [and so on] .

, assertion , problem solving , distraction , relaxation , etc .
, assertion , problem solving , distraction , relaxation , [and so on] .

Make sure you do something that relaxes you ; it can mean reading the newspaper , taking a walk , talking to people you like , etc .
make sure you do something that relaxes you ; it can mean reading the newspaper , taking a walk , talking to people you like , [and so on] .

Examples of these tasks include , ‘ chatting for two minutes to the man in the corner shop ’ , ‘ inviting the neighbour around for a drink ’ , ‘ enrolling in an evening class ’ , ‘ joining a club or society ’ , ‘ telephoning an old friend ’ , etc .
examples of these tasks include , ‘ chatting for two minutes to the man in the corner shop ’ , ‘ inviting the neighbour around for a drink ’ , ‘ enrolling in an evening class ’ , ‘ joining a club or society ’ , ‘ telephoning an old friend ’ , [and so on] .

hyperventilating , catastrophizing , avoiding , etc . )
hyperventilating , catastrophizing , avoiding , [and so on] . )

This enigmatic statement does not inspire total confidence , though their division of works into subjects imaginary works , lines , imprints etc does work well .
this enigmatic statement does not inspire total confidence , though their division of works into subjects imaginary works , lines , imprints [and so on] does work well .

Roughly speaking , the technique starts from the assumption that an object ( here a drawing ) consists of a bundle of observable characteristics ( true attributes such as technique used , subject , dimensions , artist , year of sale , etc ) and aims at inferring statistically the non-observable ‘ price ’ of each such characteristic .
roughly speaking , the technique starts from the assumption that an object ( here a drawing ) consists of a bundle of observable characteristics ( true attributes such as technique used , subject , dimensions , artist , year of sale , [and so on] ) and aims at inferring statistically the non-observable ‘ price ’ of each such characteristic .

Clearly , the method does more than that , by allowing us to infer how the various attributes affect the price of a drawing : could the subject change the price of a drawing ; how does provenance or technique used affect prices , etc .
clearly , the method does more than that , by allowing us to infer how the various attributes affect the price of a drawing : could the subject change the price of a drawing ; how does provenance or technique used affect prices , [and so on] .

For example , a major preoccupation of sociologists has been with the cohesive effect of directive institutions through which power is exercised — the law , political systems , etc .
for example , a major preoccupation of sociologists has been with the cohesive effect of directive institutions through which power is exercised — the law , political systems , [and so on] .

On the other hand they are more likely to arise with larger samples simply on common sense grounds : the investigator 's distance from the data is increased through the involvement of others ( interviewers , research assistants , coders , etc ) in data-gathering and processing , and possible occasions for the introduction of bias are thereby multiplied .
on the other hand they are more likely to arise with larger samples simply on common sense grounds : the investigator 's distance from the data is increased through the involvement of others ( interviewers , research assistants , coders , [and so on] ) in data-gathering and processing , and possible occasions for the introduction of bias are thereby multiplied .

All except two of these forty women do their ‘ big ’ shopping once a week — that is , stocking up on goods like sugar , flour , etc .
all except two of these forty women do their ‘ big ’ shopping once a week — that is , stocking up on goods like sugar , flour , [and so on] .

You do n't need to become a slave to Filofax — but you probably do need a college diary or alphabetical address book with space for telephone numbers , etc .
you do n't need to become a slave to filofax — but you probably do need a college diary or alphabetical address book with space for telephone numbers , [and so on] .

Accommodation offices provide information on the types of housing available locally , on college policy regarding priority for halls of residence , comparative costings , lists of housing in the private sector and considerable back-up on your legal rights , housing law , etc .
accommodation offices provide information on the types of housing available locally , on college policy regarding priority for halls of residence , comparative costings , lists of housing in the private sector and considerable back-up on your legal rights , housing law , [and so on] .

This is not to be recommended for reasons of comfort , security and the complication of getting supplies of gas , electricity , etc .
this is not to be recommended for reasons of comfort , security and the complication of getting supplies of gas , electricity , [and so on] .

Is it your responsibility to provide linen , blankets , cooking utensils , etc .
is it your responsibility to provide linen , blankets , cooking utensils , [and so on] .

Landlords sometimes use subtle forms of harassment to force tenants to move , such as refusal to implement vital repairs , unreasonable service charges , cutting off the telephone , etc .
landlords sometimes use subtle forms of harassment to force tenants to move , such as refusal to implement vital repairs , unreasonable service charges , cutting off the telephone , [and so on] .

Many students arrive at college with a new hi-fi , camera , radio , etc .
many students arrive at college with a new hi-fi , camera , radio , [and so on] .

Some students provide their own padlocks to rooms but the authorities or landlords may not allow this for reasons such as cleaning , safety , etc .
some students provide their own padlocks to rooms but the authorities or landlords may not allow this for reasons such as cleaning , safety , [and so on] .

structure and content of syllabus , sequence of topics , suggested reading for each topic , times and place of meetings , etc . )
structure and content of syllabus , sequence of topics , suggested reading for each topic , times and place of meetings , [and so on] . )

etc . )
[and so on] . )

Take as few notes as possible but sufficient to enable you to recall and revise all the essential content — that is , the key ideas , concepts , theories , etc .
take as few notes as possible but sufficient to enable you to recall and revise all the essential content — that is , the key ideas , concepts , theories , [and so on] .

Jot down words and phrases , not whole sentences You have n't time to record exactly what 's said ( except for exact titles of books , etc . )
jot down words and phrases , not whole sentences you have n't time to record exactly what 's said ( except for exact titles of books , [and so on] . )

Make use of your municipal branch library ; your inter-county library loan service ; the departmental library , etc .
make use of your municipal branch library ; your inter-county library loan service ; the departmental library , [and so on] .

You must devise your own style , format , abbreviations , etc .
you must devise your own style , format , abbreviations , [and so on] .

Compare/contrast , follow up , etc . )
compare/contrast , follow up , [and so on] . )

Section 2 , 3 , etc .
section 2 , 3 , [and so on] .

Refer to a dictionary or a thesaurus of synonyms , antonyms , etc .
refer to a dictionary or a thesaurus of synonyms , antonyms , [and so on] .

Go through your entire stock of learning materials ( lecture , reading and tutorial notes , handouts , essays , newspaper cuttings , etc . )
go through your entire stock of learning materials ( lecture , reading and tutorial notes , handouts , essays , newspaper cuttings , [and so on] . )

Check that your writing materials , etc .
check that your writing materials , [and so on] .

examine , analyse , explain , outline , etc . )
examine , analyse , explain , outline , [and so on] . )

Jot down quickly ( in about five minutes ) the key ideas , concepts , authors , theories , etc .
jot down quickly ( in about five minutes ) the key ideas , concepts , authors , theories , [and so on] .

Protein is bade up of amino acids and forms all our cells — nails , hair , skin , blood , etc .
protein is bade up of amino acids and forms all our cells — nails , hair , skin , blood , [and so on] .

We 've all had such dreams — in which we find ourselves wearing the wrong clothes , in the wrong place , at the wrong time , missing the train , etc .
we 've all had such dreams — in which we find ourselves wearing the wrong clothes , in the wrong place , at the wrong time , missing the train , [and so on] .

Indo As the name suggests , this simply means made in India and is used in conjunction with the names of mainly Persian weaving groups ( Indo Isfahan , Indo Heriz , etc ) .
indo as the name suggests , this simply means made in india and is used in conjunction with the names of mainly persian weaving groups ( indo isfahan , indo heriz , [and so on] ) .

Oriental rugs can be classified according to a number of criteria — design , colours , materials , price , etc — but arguably the most useful , and certainly the most widely employed , methods of classification are by country of origin , weaving group and general weaving category .
oriental rugs can be classified according to a number of criteria — design , colours , materials , price , [and so on] — but arguably the most useful , and certainly the most widely employed , methods of classification are by country of origin , weaving group and general weaving category .

In Persia and Anatolia each workshop group ( Isfahan , Kashan , Hereke , etc ) has evolved its own characteristic style and , with a little experience , people relatively new to the subject should be able to distinguish the most typical examples of one group form those of another .
in persia and anatolia each workshop group ( isfahan , kashan , hereke , [and so on] ) has evolved its own characteristic style and , with a little experience , people relatively new to the subject should be able to distinguish the most typical examples of one group form those of another .

The fineness of Pakistani rugs is therefore graded as 10/20 or 12/24 , etc .
the fineness of pakistani rugs is therefore graded as 10/20 or 12/24 , [and so on] .

Employ a single motif , or group of motifs repeated throughout the rug ( herati , boteh , etc ) .
employ a single motif , or group of motifs repeated throughout the rug ( herati , boteh , [and so on] ) .

The culprit is the iron oxide found in some of the natural dyestuffs ( oak-apples , etc ) used to produce black , brown and aubergine shades .
the culprit is the iron oxide found in some of the natural dyestuffs ( oak-apples , [and so on] ) used to produce black , brown and aubergine shades .

Should be done by carefully dabbing or sponging with a wool — or silk-compatible cleaning solution for removing each specific substance ( wine , grease , coffee , etc . )
should be done by carefully dabbing or sponging with a wool — or silk-compatible cleaning solution for removing each specific substance ( wine , grease , coffee , [and so on] . )

This rule can not be applied to items from the newer weaving countries ( Pakistan and the Balkans , etc ) which produce workshop versions of almost any type of design .
this rule can not be applied to items from the newer weaving countries ( pakistan and the balkans , [and so on] ) which produce workshop versions of almost any type of design .

These items are made in Afghanistan , the Soviet Union and Pakistan , and although they closely resemble nomadic rugs , often employ a range of guls ( Pendi , Penjdeh , etc ) which do not belong to any tribal group .
these items are made in afghanistan , the soviet union and pakistan , and although they closely resemble nomadic rugs , often employ a range of guls ( pendi , penjdeh , [and so on] ) which do not belong to any tribal group .

Unlike most other rug-making countries , China mainly draws its design repertoire from other artistic disciplines ( painting , etc ) , as well as from ancient Buddhist and Taoist symbolism , and other religious and cultural sources .
unlike most other rug-making countries , china mainly draws its design repertoire from other artistic disciplines ( painting , [and so on] ) , as well as from ancient buddhist and taoist symbolism , and other religious and cultural sources .

Apart from the Yuruk , there are no truly nomadic weavers in Anatolia , although a number of groups ( Tashpinar , Yahyali and Yagcibedir , etc ) are still essentially tribal and make rugs with a strong nomadic appearance and character .
apart from the yuruk , there are no truly nomadic weavers in anatolia , although a number of groups ( tashpinar , yahyali and yagcibedir , [and so on] ) are still essentially tribal and make rugs with a strong nomadic appearance and character .

Russian Turkomans are normally marketed as either Bokharas or Beshirs , depending on their design , and those made in Afghanistan are generally referred to as Afghans or Bokharas , although they may be named after the specific weaving village or tribe ( Kundous , Beshir , etc ) .
russian turkomans are normally marketed as either bokharas or beshirs , depending on their design , and those made in afghanistan are generally referred to as afghans or bokharas , although they may be named after the specific weaving village or tribe ( kundous , beshir , [and so on] ) .

, as Indo Isfahans , Mirs or Bidjars , etc ) , rather than according to their place of origin .
, as indo isfahans , mirs or bidjars , [and so on] ) , rather than according to their place of origin .

Many of the old weaving districts ( Kazak , Shirvan , Kuba , Baku , Karabagh , Gendje , Talish , Moghan , Daghestan and Derbend ) , villages and towns ( Erivan , Chichi , Fachralo , etc ) either no longer exist under their traditional names or are no longer associated with the rugs marketed under their names .
many of the old weaving districts ( kazak , shirvan , kuba , baku , karabagh , gendje , talish , moghan , daghestan and derbend ) , villages and towns ( erivan , chichi , fachralo , [and so on] ) either no longer exist under their traditional names or are no longer associated with the rugs marketed under their names .

Similarly , some Shirvan-grade rugs use designs associated with other traditional groups ( Kazak , Daghestan , Erivan , etc ) and may therefore be sold under the name of the design , rather than that of the grade .
similarly , some shirvan-grade rugs use designs associated with other traditional groups ( kazak , daghestan , erivan , [and so on] ) and may therefore be sold under the name of the design , rather than that of the grade .

Equally important in achieving desirable results may be attaining the correct number of products from the point of view of variety , the correct extent of vertical and horizontal product differentiation between the variants , etc .
equally important in achieving desirable results may be attaining the correct number of products from the point of view of variety , the correct extent of vertical and horizontal product differentiation between the variants , [and so on] .

These others include the shareholders and outside interests such as banks etc .
these others include the shareholders and outside interests such as banks [and so on] .

In fact , if anything , the bank 's constraint on managers seems the most like that modelled in Baumol ( 1959 ) , Williamson ( 1963 ) etc .
in fact , if anything , the bank 's constraint on managers seems the most like that modelled in baumol ( 1959 ) , williamson ( 1963 ) [and so on] .

If you insure all the property in your flat against theft , fire etc .
if you insure all the property in your flat against theft , fire [and so on] .

For example , the `` going rate `` in 1980 for the chairmen of the major industries ( gas , aerospace , shipbuilding , railways , coal , etc . )
for example , the `` going rate `` in 1980 for the chairmen of the major industries ( gas , aerospace , shipbuilding , railways , coal , [and so on] . )

The great strides forward by the manufacturers led to stringent controls over sizes of engine , car etc , which changed regularly .
the great strides forward by the manufacturers led to stringent controls over sizes of engine , car [and so on] , which changed regularly .

The World Championships of 1952 and 1953 were run on Formula Two rules , but race results etc have been included for record purposes .
the world championships of 1952 and 1953 were run on formula two rules , but race results [and so on] have been included for record purposes .

Arial , Courier , Helvetica , Modern , Roman , etc . )
arial , courier , helvetica , modern , roman , [and so on] . )

Examples of this include n-gram techniques [ Higgins & whitrow , 1987 ] , transitional probabilities , Markov models , etc .
examples of this include n-gram techniques [ higgins & whitrow , 1987 ] , transitional probabilities , markov models , [and so on] .

Knowledge of discourse aids the selection of coherent sentence progressions from incoherent ones , and involves aspects such as argument formation , dialogue continuity , story grammars , etc .
knowledge of discourse aids the selection of coherent sentence progressions from incoherent ones , and involves aspects such as argument formation , dialogue continuity , story grammars , [and so on] .

the development of human-computer interfaces , machine translation systems , information retrieval , etc . )
the development of human-computer interfaces , machine translation systems , information retrieval , [and so on] . )

Given that the origins of semantics are diffuse ( logic , philosophy , linguistics , etc . )
given that the origins of semantics are diffuse ( logic , philosophy , linguistics , [and so on] . )

Consequently , most semantic theories have focused their attention on single sentences , rather than larger units ( such as paragraphs , etc . )
consequently , most semantic theories have focused their attention on single sentences , rather than larger units ( such as paragraphs , [and so on] . )

male , animate , human , etc .
male , animate , human , [and so on] .

Furthermore , it can be seen that feature lists would be duplicated for words such as ’ dance ’ , ’ ball ’ , ’ party ’ , etc .
furthermore , it can be seen that feature lists would be duplicated for words such as ’ dance ’ , ’ ball ’ , ’ party ’ , [and so on] .

The nodes are joined by a variety of links that represent the different relations between concepts such as set membership , set inclusion , part-whole , property attribution , etc .
the nodes are joined by a variety of links that represent the different relations between concepts such as set membership , set inclusion , part-whole , property attribution , [and so on] .

— gradable predicates such as ’ tall ’ , short ’ , ’ large ’ , ’ small ’ , etc .
— gradable predicates such as ’ tall ’ , short ’ , ’ large ’ , ’ small ’ , [and so on] .

including prepositions , noun group compounds , individual constraints , synonyms , etc .
including prepositions , noun group compounds , individual constraints , synonyms , [and so on] .

, ’ bomb ’ and ’ soldier ’ , ’ trouble ’ and ’ problem ’ , etc . )
, ’ bomb ’ and ’ soldier ’ , ’ trouble ’ and ’ problem ’ , [and so on] . )

, subject/main verb or noun/adjectival modifier , etc . )
, subject/main verb or noun/adjectival modifier , [and so on] . )

, ’ concrete ’ , ’ animate ’ , etc .
, ’ concrete ’ , ’ animate ’ , [and so on] .

The second type of rule is based on syntax , and checks for dependency relations such as ( in the case of a noun ) the presence of an associated definite article , personal pronoun , etc .
the second type of rule is based on syntax , and checks for dependency relations such as ( in the case of a noun ) the presence of an associated definite article , personal pronoun , [and so on] .

time-span , geographical origin , gender of author , discourse type , subject area , etc .
time-span , geographical origin , gender of author , discourse type , subject area , [and so on] .

, variable bindings , logical rules , hierarchies and inheritance from symbolic systems , and reconstructive memory , graceful degradation , category formation , etc .
, variable bindings , logical rules , hierarchies and inheritance from symbolic systems , and reconstructive memory , graceful degradation , category formation , [and so on] .

Function words are those which give structure to a sentence , such as articles , pronouns , prepositions , etc .
function words are those which give structure to a sentence , such as articles , pronouns , prepositions , [and so on] .

The geographical one might contain words like ’ land ’ , ’ river ’ , ’ side ’ , ’ water ’ , etc .
the geographical one might contain words like ’ land ’ , ’ river ’ , ’ side ’ , ’ water ’ , [and so on] .

and the financial one words like ’ establishment ’ , ’ keep ’ , ’ money ’ , ’ safe ’ , etc .
and the financial one words like ’ establishment ’ , ’ keep ’ , ’ money ’ , ’ safe ’ , [and so on] .

When these are compared with the word ’ river ’ and its definition ( which might contain words like ’ stream ’ , ’ water ’ , ’ flow ’ , etc . )
when these are compared with the word ’ river ’ and its definition ( which might contain words like ’ stream ’ , ’ water ’ , ’ flow ’ , [and so on] . )

These pairs were chosen to be balanced for frequency , imageability , etc .
these pairs were chosen to be balanced for frequency , imageability , [and so on] .

an accumulation of sediments , mineral ores , coal , etc .
an accumulation of sediments , mineral ores , coal , [and so on] .

banking , insurance , estate agents , medical , technical , etc . )
banking , insurance , estate agents , medical , technical , [and so on] . )

charge as in ’ require payment ’ ) but also to the ’ electrical charge ’ sense and the ’ military charge ’ sense , etc .
charge as in ’ require payment ’ ) but also to the ’ electrical charge ’ sense and the ’ military charge ’ sense , [and so on] .

banking , insurance , etc . )
banking , insurance , [and so on] . )

In the case of the human language processing system , collocations are learnt or compiled by experience , using feedback from language use , performance mistakes , etc .
in the case of the human language processing system , collocations are learnt or compiled by experience , using feedback from language use , performance mistakes , [and so on] .

At the bottom would be little-used expressions and combinations , and at the other end would be uniform , predictable or fixed combinations such as clich s , sayings , metaphors , etc .
at the bottom would be little-used expressions and combinations , and at the other end would be uniform , predictable or fixed combinations such as clich s , sayings , metaphors , [and so on] .

As can be seen , it refers most strongly to the physical sense of ’ access ’ , with words like ’ give ’ , ’ right ’ , ’ terrace ’ , ’ trade ’ , ’ route ’ , ’ road ’ & ’ freedom ’ , etc .
as can be seen , it refers most strongly to the physical sense of ’ access ’ , with words like ’ give ’ , ’ right ’ , ’ terrace ’ , ’ trade ’ , ’ route ’ , ’ road ’ & ’ freedom ’ , [and so on] .

’ mortgage ’ , ’ sum ’ , ’ high ’ , ’ instant ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ money ’ , etc . )
’ mortgage ’ , ’ sum ’ , ’ high ’ , ’ instant ’ , ’ interest ’ , ’ money ’ , [and so on] . )

’ leasehold ’ , ’ house ’ , ’ home ’ , ’ first ’ , ’ time ’ , etc . )
’ leasehold ’ , ’ house ’ , ’ home ’ , ’ first ’ , ’ time ’ , [and so on] . )

’ house ’ , ’ money ’ , ’ build ’ , etc . )
’ house ’ , ’ money ’ , ’ build ’ , [and so on] . )

with restrictions on word senses , etc . )
with restrictions on word senses , [and so on] . )

Discourse rules constrain the structure of a particular text genre ( descriptive , narrative , exposition , etc . )
discourse rules constrain the structure of a particular text genre ( descriptive , narrative , exposition , [and so on] . )

and the purpose of that text ( informative , entertaining , persuasive , aesthetic , etc . )
and the purpose of that text ( informative , entertaining , persuasive , aesthetic , [and so on] . )

This knowledge has many facets : knowledge of people ( their needs , wants , attitudes , values , plans , etc . )
this knowledge has many facets : knowledge of people ( their needs , wants , attitudes , values , plans , [and so on] . )

, knowledge of physical laws , knowledge of cultural and social laws , etc .
, knowledge of physical laws , knowledge of cultural and social laws , [and so on] .

This prurient exposé of other people 's sex lives was complemented by a slow trickle of neo-Malthusian birth-control propaganda from the 1820s , and a torrent of advertisements in the popular press for potions for , or to safeguard against , potency , abortion , masturbation , etc .
this prurient exposé of other people 's sex lives was complemented by a slow trickle of neo-malthusian birth-control propaganda from the 1820s , and a torrent of advertisements in the popular press for potions for , or to safeguard against , potency , abortion , masturbation , [and so on] .

It has been suggested that there are three factors that determine population control : family ideals , both material and non-material ; knowledge of bodily functions , reproduction , health , hygiene , child-care , etc .
it has been suggested that there are three factors that determine population control : family ideals , both material and non-material ; knowledge of bodily functions , reproduction , health , hygiene , child-care , [and so on] .

Eg 4 pm is shown as 16 00 hrs , 5.30pm is 17 30 hrs etc .
eg 4 pm is shown as 16 00 hrs , 5.30pm is 17 30 hrs [and so on] .

People in this bracket usually demand a good teacher , native and who is willing to travel , provide material etc .
people in this bracket usually demand a good teacher , native and who is willing to travel , provide material [and so on] .

Festooned on the garter were hooks from which depended a variety of shoplifted articles , watches , necklaces , rings , etc .
festooned on the garter were hooks from which depended a variety of shoplifted articles , watches , necklaces , rings , [and so on] .

Public aid was given only to those — the aged , the disabled , etc .
public aid was given only to those — the aged , the disabled , [and so on] .

They were rarely situated in poorer districts , required a membership fee of up to £1 , which the poorest could not afford , and did not allow ‘ tick ’ or sales bacon , etc . )
they were rarely situated in poorer districts , required a membership fee of up to £1 , which the poorest could not afford , and did not allow ‘ tick ’ or sales bacon , [and so on] . )

Well-intentioned though their desire was to make available to everyone the best information concerning hygiene , health care , child care , etc .
well-intentioned though their desire was to make available to everyone the best information concerning hygiene , health care , child care , [and so on] .

They argued that since poverty was not one problem but a complex of many , each category of need ( sickness , widowhood , old age , etc . )
they argued that since poverty was not one problem but a complex of many , each category of need ( sickness , widowhood , old age , [and so on] . )

Royal Mail International services , whether surface or air , must not be used for the transmission of dangerous substances such as aerosols , lighters etc .
royal mail international services , whether surface or air , must not be used for the transmission of dangerous substances such as aerosols , lighters [and so on] .

Royal Mail International services must not be used for sending dangerous goods such as aerosols , lighters etc .
royal mail international services must not be used for sending dangerous goods such as aerosols , lighters [and so on] .

For instance , ‘ Printed Paper ’ , ‘ Newspaper ’ , ‘ Small Packet ’ etc , and marked ‘ Par Avion — By Airmail ’ at the top left hand corner where appropriate .
for instance , ‘ printed paper ’ , ‘ newspaper ’ , ‘ small packet ’ [and so on] , and marked ‘ par avion — by airmail ’ at the top left hand corner where appropriate .

Jobclubs can give guidance on how to apply for jobs , interviewing techniques etc .
jobclubs can give guidance on how to apply for jobs , interviewing techniques [and so on] .

The training and work programmes last from 6 to 12 months and are broadly based , ranging from construction , engineering to clerical , information technology etc .
the training and work programmes last from 6 to 12 months and are broadly based , ranging from construction , engineering to clerical , information technology [and so on] .

The children 's play is described as modelling adult activities : hunting , agriculture , crafts , etc .
the children 's play is described as modelling adult activities : hunting , agriculture , crafts , [and so on] .

Rogers ' experience of American family life in the early part of the century was of a cohesive group exerting a powerful religious influence over its members ( with a taboo on dancing , playing cards , drinking , smoking , etc . )
rogers ' experience of american family life in the early part of the century was of a cohesive group exerting a powerful religious influence over its members ( with a taboo on dancing , playing cards , drinking , smoking , [and so on] . )

The true aim of education , according to the author of the Dialogues on the Passions , Habits , Appetites and Affections , etc .
the true aim of education , according to the author of the dialogues on the passions , habits , appetites and affections , [and so on] .

If the father is a wood-carver , smith , bee-keeper , etc .
if the father is a wood-carver , smith , bee-keeper , [and so on] .

Nursing care should aim to prevent infection via central lines etc .
nursing care should aim to prevent infection via central lines [and so on] .

Despite recognition of the discomfort caused by ventilation and its attendant procedures ( tracheal suction , chest drains , arterial lines etc . )
despite recognition of the discomfort caused by ventilation and its attendant procedures ( tracheal suction , chest drains , arterial lines [and so on] . )

Negotiating for contracts , deals , etc .
negotiating for contracts , deals , [and so on] .

There is one overall ‘ boss ’ — who might be titled Managing Director , Chief Executive , President , Principal , etc .
there is one overall ‘ boss ’ — who might be titled managing director , chief executive , president , principal , [and so on] .

You will then be asked to fill out a loan application form with information such as your name and address , where you work , your income and outgoings , etc .
you will then be asked to fill out a loan application form with information such as your name and address , where you work , your income and outgoings , [and so on] .

We provide you with individual index cards for each of your staff , giving details such as names , addresses , tax codes etc .
we provide you with individual index cards for each of your staff , giving details such as names , addresses , tax codes [and so on] .

Every member will be sent an enrolment package that includes a membership card , notification of the Business Direct Freephone number for bookings etc , and a selection of directories in an attractive and useful binder .
every member will be sent an enrolment package that includes a membership card , notification of the business direct freephone number for bookings [and so on] , and a selection of directories in an attractive and useful binder .

You will also receive a cheque book which you can use with your Auto Cheque card to pay at shops , garages , restaurants etc .
you will also receive a cheque book which you can use with your auto cheque card to pay at shops , garages , restaurants [and so on] .

Most of the pains come in the form of bills for water , gas , electricity , rates/rent etc .
most of the pains come in the form of bills for water , gas , electricity , rates/rent [and so on] .

Law , Medicine , Dentistry , Accountancy , Estate Agents , Veterinary etc ; or
law , medicine , dentistry , accountancy , estate agents , veterinary [and so on] ; or

Their wages and salaries were paid in cash which they took home and split into differing amounts to cover the cost of food , clothing , household bills , entertainment etc .
their wages and salaries were paid in cash which they took home and split into differing amounts to cover the cost of food , clothing , household bills , entertainment [and so on] .

Shopkeepers , garage owners , hoteliers etc .
shopkeepers , garage owners , hoteliers [and so on] .

• AutoBanking withdrawals and Direct Debits 27p each • Cheques and Standing Orders 30p each • Maintenance Charge £3 per quarter ( issuing of cheque books , AutoBank/AutoCheque Cards , and quarterly statements etc . )
• autobanking withdrawals and direct debits 27p each • cheques and standing orders 30p each • maintenance charge £3 per quarter ( issuing of cheque books , autobank/autocheque cards , and quarterly statements [and so on] . )

However , you will not have to pay for your cheques , etc .
however , you will not have to pay for your cheques , [and so on] .

Buildings must have no sharp edges etc .
buildings must have no sharp edges [and so on] .

Pollards are trees axed 6′–15′ above ground level to provide poles for fuel etc .
pollards are trees axed 6′–15′ above ground level to provide poles for fuel [and so on] .

It covers the organisation of the French Navy 's crews and their uniforms and equipment both at sea and , increasingly , when formed into shore units of infantry , artillery , engineers , etc .
it covers the organisation of the french navy 's crews and their uniforms and equipment both at sea and , increasingly , when formed into shore units of infantry , artillery , engineers , [and so on] .

; and includes such arcana as ouvriers , coast guards , naval administrative personnel , medical staff , etc .
; and includes such arcana as ouvriers , coast guards , naval administrative personnel , medical staff , [and so on] .

Below them , on the far side , and the various storage compartments , sliding desk , etc .
below them , on the far side , and the various storage compartments , sliding desk , [and so on] .

There are a number of sociological and political answers to this question , such as the contention that compulsory schooling serves a variety of social functions , including those of social control , transfer of dominant values etc .
there are a number of sociological and political answers to this question , such as the contention that compulsory schooling serves a variety of social functions , including those of social control , transfer of dominant values [and so on] .

On investigation , the speech of supposedly retarded New York ghetto youths turned out to have all of the qualities generally associated with logical thought — facility with complex propositions , meaningful sequence , rule recognition , syllogistic reasoning etc .
on investigation , the speech of supposedly retarded new york ghetto youths turned out to have all of the qualities generally associated with logical thought — facility with complex propositions , meaningful sequence , rule recognition , syllogistic reasoning [and so on] .

Labov , by simply altering the test situation , such as by creating informality or having two youths to one researcher etc .
labov , by simply altering the test situation , such as by creating informality or having two youths to one researcher [and so on] .

For example , when Bernstein showed working-class children a sequence of pictures and asked them to tell the story contained there , they began so to speak from inside it : ‘ he kicks the ball through the window then the woman chases them ’ etc .
for example , when bernstein showed working-class children a sequence of pictures and asked them to tell the story contained there , they began so to speak from inside it : ‘ he kicks the ball through the window then the woman chases them ’ [and so on] .

To Bernstein this demonstrates not simply the convention of explicitness which the middle-class child has learnt and has recognised as appropriate for this context , but the development of ‘ elaborated code ’ with all its associations of abstraction , logic etc .
to bernstein this demonstrates not simply the convention of explicitness which the middle-class child has learnt and has recognised as appropriate for this context , but the development of ‘ elaborated code ’ with all its associations of abstraction , logic [and so on] .

The word ‘ round ’ separates form from function etc .
the word ‘ round ’ separates form from function [and so on] .

Goody 's examination of historical records , for instance , suggests that for many centuries very few ‘ texts ’ were produced , the vast bulk of writing being concerned with lists , tables , charters , headings , business records etc .
goody 's examination of historical records , for instance , suggests that for many centuries very few ‘ texts ’ were produced , the vast bulk of writing being concerned with lists , tables , charters , headings , business records [and so on] .

Recent ethnography of writing has demonstrated that the same is true for many contemporary societies now labelled ‘ literate ’ ; much of the practice turns out to be , as in Iran ( see below , Section 2 ) , writing names on crates of produce , keeping records of business transactions , writing cheques etc .
recent ethnography of writing has demonstrated that the same is true for many contemporary societies now labelled ‘ literate ’ ; much of the practice turns out to be , as in iran ( see below , section 2 ) , writing names on crates of produce , keeping records of business transactions , writing cheques [and so on] .

Thus , what is said about the text is contingent on the nature of those institutions : it will differ across literate societies , as it does for instance between those with a tradition of novel-writing or of academic institutions etc .
thus , what is said about the text is contingent on the nature of those institutions : it will differ across literate societies , as it does for instance between those with a tradition of novel-writing or of academic institutions [and so on] .

Rather it is couched in absolutist terms that reify literacy as though its very essence were being described and that unjustifiably relate specific cultural manifestations of it to such universals as logic , abstraction etc .
rather it is couched in absolutist terms that reify literacy as though its very essence were being described and that unjustifiably relate specific cultural manifestations of it to such universals as logic , abstraction [and so on] .

Goody , then , sees the activities of Pythagoras and his followers as quite different from the flowering of logic , scientific clarity , lack of ambiguity , scepticism etc .
goody , then , sees the activities of pythagoras and his followers as quite different from the flowering of logic , scientific clarity , lack of ambiguity , scepticism [and so on] .

Greek society developed ‘ logic ’ , ‘ scepticism ’ etc .
greek society developed ‘ logic ’ , ‘ scepticism ’ [and so on] .

p. 37 ) ; ‘ logic ’ seemed to be ‘ a function of writing ’ ( 1977 , p. 11 ) etc .
p. 37 ) ; ‘ logic ’ seemed to be ‘ a function of writing ’ ( 1977 , p. 11 ) [and so on] .

He substantiates these claims with reference to his own language : ‘ it is possible to address someone , or talk about someone , in English without indicating one 's relative social status or attitude etc .
he substantiates these claims with reference to his own language : ‘ it is possible to address someone , or talk about someone , in english without indicating one 's relative social status or attitude [and so on] .

The what and how are socially conditioned , however , by the speaker 's education , surroundings , profession etc .
the what and how are socially conditioned , however , by the speaker 's education , surroundings , profession [and so on] .

The relationship of the language-system to other things , such as culture , psychological mechanisms etc .
the relationship of the language-system to other things , such as culture , psychological mechanisms [and so on] .

That such qualification may occur outside the language-system , through paralinguistic means and in the observation of and judgement on which language-system , dialect etc .
that such qualification may occur outside the language-system , through paralinguistic means and in the observation of and judgement on which language-system , dialect [and so on] .

The meaning of any spoken language is not simply altered but actually determined by dialect , accent , facial expression etc .
the meaning of any spoken language is not simply altered but actually determined by dialect , accent , facial expression [and so on] .

, while written communication derives much of its meaning from the format , layout , institutional context etc .
, while written communication derives much of its meaning from the format , layout , institutional context [and so on] .

In addition , the hidden advantages for the host country of other nations using its language , such as ease of commercial interaction , cultural ties etc .
in addition , the hidden advantages for the host country of other nations using its language , such as ease of commercial interaction , cultural ties [and so on] .

The unusual nature of this process can be seen through a comparison of these academic practices with those conventionally associated with the most common uses of reading and writing in this culture , such as reading adverts , notices in factories , magazines , popular newspapers etc .
the unusual nature of this process can be seen through a comparison of these academic practices with those conventionally associated with the most common uses of reading and writing in this culture , such as reading adverts , notices in factories , magazines , popular newspapers [and so on] .

The Norman conquerors , in attempting to establish rights to land in England , undermined indigenous oral criteria for proof of ownership , by which they as newcomers were on weaker ground than native land owners , and set up centralised , bureaucratic procedures with emphasis on written documentation , records , cross-referencing etc .
the norman conquerors , in attempting to establish rights to land in england , undermined indigenous oral criteria for proof of ownership , by which they as newcomers were on weaker ground than native land owners , and set up centralised , bureaucratic procedures with emphasis on written documentation , records , cross-referencing [and so on] .

Written documents could be and were easily forged whereas seals , crosses , medallions etc .
written documents could be and were easily forged whereas seals , crosses , medallions [and so on] .

He notes , for instance , that linguists have attempted to apply some of the terminology of natural science inappropriately to language , often through such metaphors as ‘ cohesion ’ , ‘ balance ’ etc .
he notes , for instance , that linguists have attempted to apply some of the terminology of natural science inappropriately to language , often through such metaphors as ‘ cohesion ’ , ‘ balance ’ [and so on] .

In personal correspondence the addressee is known and some feed-back is expected ; in institutional writing , on the other hand , the addressee is usually unknown , as with the bulk of published material , books etc .
in personal correspondence the addressee is known and some feed-back is expected ; in institutional writing , on the other hand , the addressee is usually unknown , as with the bulk of published material , books [and so on] .

However , even in the structural sense , written English does not always clearly ‘ disambiguate ’ units such as words , sentences , morphemes etc .
however , even in the structural sense , written english does not always clearly ‘ disambiguate ’ units such as words , sentences , morphemes [and so on] .

a range of behaviours ( physical , emotional , etc ) ;
a range of behaviours ( physical , emotional , [and so on] ) ;

This tension , he continues , ‘ has imposed a particular ambivalence upon all the institutions of a modern state and a specific ambiguity upon its vocabulary of discourse : the muddle in which we now live where ‘ law ’ , ‘ ruling ’ , ‘ politics ’ , etc .
this tension , he continues , ‘ has imposed a particular ambivalence upon all the institutions of a modern state and a specific ambiguity upon its vocabulary of discourse : the muddle in which we now live where ‘ law ’ , ‘ ruling ’ , ‘ politics ’ , [and so on] .

If guests have no credit cards they are usually asked to prepay for their stay at the hotel and all incidentals in bars and restaurants etc .
if guests have no credit cards they are usually asked to prepay for their stay at the hotel and all incidentals in bars and restaurants [and so on] .

The hotel has a strict liability for the property the guest may bring into the hotel ( see Chapter 8 ) and is obliged to accept valuables such as money , jewellery , furs , etc .
the hotel has a strict liability for the property the guest may bring into the hotel ( see chapter 8 ) and is obliged to accept valuables such as money , jewellery , furs , [and so on] .

This gives names of cities , towns , villages , rivers , lakes etc .
this gives names of cities , towns , villages , rivers , lakes [and so on] .

all the general facts and figures appertaining to the size , shape and types of rooms , their fixtures and furnishings ; any special information relating to the lounges , bars and restaurants , swimming pool , sports facilities , hairdressing , valeting , shops theatre tickets , etc .
all the general facts and figures appertaining to the size , shape and types of rooms , their fixtures and furnishings ; any special information relating to the lounges , bars and restaurants , swimming pool , sports facilities , hairdressing , valeting , shops theatre tickets , [and so on] .

Consider the size , structure and special features of the hotel and what special type of event it could lend itself to , e.g. mediaeval banquets etc .
consider the size , structure and special features of the hotel and what special type of event it could lend itself to , e.g. mediaeval banquets [and so on] .

Study the locality and its geographical , historical or sporting interests , e.g. stately homes , good golf courses , marinas , etc .
study the locality and its geographical , historical or sporting interests , e.g. stately homes , good golf courses , marinas , [and so on] .

Colourful brochures and posters proclaim bargain weekends , mini breaks , etc .
colourful brochures and posters proclaim bargain weekends , mini breaks , [and so on] .

Many hotels are showing enterprise and imagination by staging special events , such as golfing weekends and gourmet holidays where the emphasis is on specially prepared gourmet meals , trekking holidays , tudor banquets , etc .
many hotels are showing enterprise and imagination by staging special events , such as golfing weekends and gourmet holidays where the emphasis is on specially prepared gourmet meals , trekking holidays , tudor banquets , [and so on] .

Sales vouchers relating to other credit card companies such as American Express , Diners Club International , Carte Blanche , etc .
sales vouchers relating to other credit card companies such as american express , diners club international , carte blanche , [and so on] .

The departmental digits cover all the services such as laundry , telephone , valet , restaurant , bars , coffee shops , newspapers , etc .
the departmental digits cover all the services such as laundry , telephone , valet , restaurant , bars , coffee shops , newspapers , [and so on] .

Departmental requisitions are used to book items out from stores , cellars , linen rooms , etc .
departmental requisitions are used to book items out from stores , cellars , linen rooms , [and so on] .

a husband booking on behalf of himself his wife and children , may obtain damages not only for his own disappointment etc .
a husband booking on behalf of himself his wife and children , may obtain damages not only for his own disappointment [and so on] .

Working conditions are regulated by two major Acts of Parliament , the Offices , Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 , and the Health and Safety at Work etc .
working conditions are regulated by two major acts of parliament , the offices , shops and railway premises act 1963 , and the health and safety at work [and so on] .

Hence , the Act would appear to cover restaurants , wine bars , etc .
hence , the act would appear to cover restaurants , wine bars , [and so on] .

This covers all furniture and fittings , etc .
this covers all furniture and fittings , [and so on] .

Health and Safety at Work etc . Act 1974
health and safety at work [and so on] . act 1974

paste-up , longhand correction , etc .
paste-up , longhand correction , [and so on] .

Any alterations , insertions , etc .
any alterations , insertions , [and so on] .

, made by the editor which upset the page layout should be automatically made to harmonize with the rest of the text by justification of lines , insertion or removal of new paragraph codes , etc .
, made by the editor which upset the page layout should be automatically made to harmonize with the rest of the text by justification of lines , insertion or removal of new paragraph codes , [and so on] .

headword , part-of-speech label , homonym number , major entry subdivision ( capital letter or capital roman numeral ) , sense number , sense letter , etc . )
headword , part-of-speech label , homonym number , major entry subdivision ( capital letter or capital roman numeral ) , sense number , sense letter , [and so on] . )

ongoing costs , or annual running costs for the various phases , including bureau charges , communications costs , technical staff costs , etc .
ongoing costs , or annual running costs for the various phases , including bureau charges , communications costs , technical staff costs , [and so on] .

More recently the fashion of assessing managerial competencies ( ability , motivational , interpersonal , etc . )
more recently the fashion of assessing managerial competencies ( ability , motivational , interpersonal , [and so on] . )

Temporary staff suffer inordinately from a lack of experience within the organization — experience of its people systems , structure , strategies , etc .
temporary staff suffer inordinately from a lack of experience within the organization — experience of its people systems , structure , strategies , [and so on] .

But for major decisions about interpersonal relationships , careers , investments , etc .
but for major decisions about interpersonal relationships , careers , investments , [and so on] .

However , behind that piece of information will be a myriad of pieces of evidence for the selectors to collect — information about parental values to do with winning and losing , about school attitudes to the athlete 's success , about energy , persistence , etc .
however , behind that piece of information will be a myriad of pieces of evidence for the selectors to collect — information about parental values to do with winning and losing , about school attitudes to the athlete 's success , about energy , persistence , [and so on] .

Extrinsic rewards include wage , salary , bonuses , commission payments , working conditions , a car , pension , etc .
extrinsic rewards include wage , salary , bonuses , commission payments , working conditions , a car , pension , [and so on] .

Intrinsic rewards The opportunity to satisfy other goals — lifestyle , comfort , a sense of achievement , companionship , status , public acclaim , challenge , interesting tasks , etc .
intrinsic rewards the opportunity to satisfy other goals — lifestyle , comfort , a sense of achievement , companionship , status , public acclaim , challenge , interesting tasks , [and so on] .

Important situational variables are the nature of the job , the formal and informal structures , the technical system , the boss , colleagues , etc .
important situational variables are the nature of the job , the formal and informal structures , the technical system , the boss , colleagues , [and so on] .

High concern for security provisions , salary , pension , etc .
high concern for security provisions , salary , pension , [and so on] .

Positions which attract people with strong relationship goals are process and clerical work and some of the caring professions and other people centred areas ( nursing , supervisors , personnel officers , counsellors , etc . )
positions which attract people with strong relationship goals are process and clerical work and some of the caring professions and other people centred areas ( nursing , supervisors , personnel officers , counsellors , [and so on] . )

This enables organizations to continue the same system with salary increases , titles , superior offices and furnishings , cars , expense allowances , stock options , etc .
this enables organizations to continue the same system with salary increases , titles , superior offices and furnishings , cars , expense allowances , stock options , [and so on] .

It is the deprivation effect which dominates the themes of academics , doctors , judges , salespeople , consultants , etc .
it is the deprivation effect which dominates the themes of academics , doctors , judges , salespeople , consultants , [and so on] .

Evidence of creativity — writing , art , design , etc .
evidence of creativity — writing , art , design , [and so on] .

Having satisfied that goal , they will be making choices between autonomy and security , between money and power , etc .
having satisfied that goal , they will be making choices between autonomy and security , between money and power , [and so on] .

Rob Goffee 's research suggests that this disillusionment is about a change in the rules : that the rewards of employment ( security , money , etc . )
rob goffee 's research suggests that this disillusionment is about a change in the rules : that the rewards of employment ( security , money , [and so on] . )

Physiological problems associated with ageing may already have begun to appear ( hernia , haemorrhoids , arthritis , heart murmur , etc . )
physiological problems associated with ageing may already have begun to appear ( hernia , haemorrhoids , arthritis , heart murmur , [and so on] . )

We learn to protect the self by a number of defence mechanisms ( repression , regression , rationalization , projection , etc . )
we learn to protect the self by a number of defence mechanisms ( repression , regression , rationalization , projection , [and so on] . )

Yet in our day-to-day lives , we are witnesses to communication breakdowns , misinterpretations and blockages , where the transmitter 's attitudes , values , experiences , language , posture , etc .
yet in our day-to-day lives , we are witnesses to communication breakdowns , misinterpretations and blockages , where the transmitter 's attitudes , values , experiences , language , posture , [and so on] .

Unfortunately , we need language to communicate , and language needs labels in order to refer to things ( objects , people , feelings , events , traits , etc . )
unfortunately , we need language to communicate , and language needs labels in order to refer to things ( objects , people , feelings , events , traits , [and so on] . )

The most blatant stereotyping occurs because of supposed differences in the sexes : ‘ Men are more intelligent , ‘ Women are more emotional ’ , ‘ Men are physically stronger ’ , ‘ Women are more creative ’ , etc .
the most blatant stereotyping occurs because of supposed differences in the sexes : ‘ men are more intelligent , ‘ women are more emotional ’ , ‘ men are physically stronger ’ , ‘ women are more creative ’ , [and so on] .

The legal contract specifies my status in terms of tenure , salary , pension , dismissal , redundancy , discipline , etc .
the legal contract specifies my status in terms of tenure , salary , pension , dismissal , redundancy , discipline , [and so on] .

Power differs from authority in that authority stems , initially , from a conferred right to control some resources of the organization ( finance , information , people , etc . )
power differs from authority in that authority stems , initially , from a conferred right to control some resources of the organization ( finance , information , people , [and so on] . )

Authority The right to control finance , information , people , equipment , materials etc .
authority the right to control finance , information , people , equipment , materials [and so on] .

Interpersonal skills Empathy , sensitivity , ‘ sixth sense ’ , social skills ( articulateness , listening , observing , etc . )
interpersonal skills empathy , sensitivity , ‘ sixth sense ’ , social skills ( articulateness , listening , observing , [and so on] . )

Flexibility The amount of discretion in decision-making , work assignments , etc .
flexibility the amount of discretion in decision-making , work assignments , [and so on] .

We complete forms and reports and act out other behaviours in response to written or electronic signals received from other reports , memos , terminals , deadlines , diaries , etc .
we complete forms and reports and act out other behaviours in response to written or electronic signals received from other reports , memos , terminals , deadlines , diaries , [and so on] .

All organizations develop cultures of their own and , within the firm , subcultures develop around groups , sites , divisions , etc .
all organizations develop cultures of their own and , within the firm , subcultures develop around groups , sites , divisions , [and so on] .

Norms develop about physical appearance — work and non-work dress , use of safety clothing , lockers , etc .
norms develop about physical appearance — work and non-work dress , use of safety clothing , lockers , [and so on] .

They relate to universally accepted behaviour patterns — salutations , manners , dress , etc .
they relate to universally accepted behaviour patterns — salutations , manners , dress , [and so on] .

Parts for the actors are more finely delineated and other social roles are allocated — the comedian , the best drinker , the union link , the arbitrator , the encourager , the pacifier , etc .
parts for the actors are more finely delineated and other social roles are allocated — the comedian , the best drinker , the union link , the arbitrator , the encourager , the pacifier , [and so on] .

By the same power strategies discussed in Chapter 4 — visibility , muscle , expertise , etc .
by the same power strategies discussed in chapter 4 — visibility , muscle , expertise , [and so on] .

Phase 2 : attempts to correct The members have noted the continued deviation from group norms and deliberately attempt to correct the behaviour ( ‘ Do n't keep doing that , ‘ Put your clothes back on again ' , ‘ You do n't have to go home yet , ‘ Have another drink ’ , etc . )
phase 2 : attempts to correct the members have noted the continued deviation from group norms and deliberately attempt to correct the behaviour ( ‘ do n't keep doing that , ‘ put your clothes back on again ' , ‘ you do n't have to go home yet , ‘ have another drink ’ , [and so on] . )

Most of these techniques ( such as the Nominal Group Technique ) use structured processes to shift from group interaction to individual activity and back again , thereby avoiding some of the pitfalls of group think , etc .
most of these techniques ( such as the nominal group technique ) use structured processes to shift from group interaction to individual activity and back again , thereby avoiding some of the pitfalls of group think , [and so on] .

Just as groups depend on the allocation of roles ( and power ) , so they depend also on the consequences of power — conflict/cooperation , trust/ mistrust , etc .
just as groups depend on the allocation of roles ( and power ) , so they depend also on the consequences of power — conflict/cooperation , trust/ mistrust , [and so on] .

Work organizations are only now beginning to appreciate the need for tension release , for creating regular opportunities to ‘ let it all out ’ at seminars , dinners , training courses , rituals , ceremonies , etc .
work organizations are only now beginning to appreciate the need for tension release , for creating regular opportunities to ‘ let it all out ’ at seminars , dinners , training courses , rituals , ceremonies , [and so on] .

Special needs of affected children ( where necessary , blood taking , telephone , housing , nursery placement , school , etc )
special needs of affected children ( where necessary , blood taking , telephone , housing , nursery placement , school , [and so on] )

Among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .
among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , [and so on] ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .

Processes such as indexing , sorting , extractive lists , spelling checks , etc .
processes such as indexing , sorting , extractive lists , spelling checks , [and so on] .

Secondary processes are those required to guarantee standards of availability , recoverability etc .
secondary processes are those required to guarantee standards of availability , recoverability [and so on] .

Apart from working on the teaching unit which is under development he will need to keep very well informed about new techniques in programming , new hardware , etc .
apart from working on the teaching unit which is under development he will need to keep very well informed about new techniques in programming , new hardware , [and so on] .

The teacher 's expectations of the lesson , ie , what he hopes the pupils will do , achieve , etc .
the teacher 's expectations of the lesson , ie , what he hopes the pupils will do , achieve , [and so on] .

Pupil 's background , ability , age , previous knowledge , etc .
pupil 's background , ability , age , previous knowledge , [and so on] .

An ‘ episode ’ is the name given to the smallest complete unit of teaching — this could be the teacher 's revision of the previous lesson 's work ( revision episode ) or explaining a particular point to the class ( explanation episode ) or coaching an individual child on a problem he is working on ( coaching episode ) , etc .
an ‘ episode ’ is the name given to the smallest complete unit of teaching — this could be the teacher 's revision of the previous lesson 's work ( revision episode ) or explaining a particular point to the class ( explanation episode ) or coaching an individual child on a problem he is working on ( coaching episode ) , [and so on] .

In other cases , issuing of cheques is sometimes delayed , or money due is retained in part , often on cosmetic excuses such as fines for overtrading etc .
in other cases , issuing of cheques is sometimes delayed , or money due is retained in part , often on cosmetic excuses such as fines for overtrading [and so on] .

The syllabus for this exam covered basic facts such as The Stock Exchange Account System , stamp duties , commissions payable by clients , how gearing works , etc .
the syllabus for this exam covered basic facts such as the stock exchange account system , stamp duties , commissions payable by clients , how gearing works , [and so on] .

They were rewarded with frequently half-empty lecture halls , giggling , murmuring audiences that threw paper darts , etc .
they were rewarded with frequently half-empty lecture halls , giggling , murmuring audiences that threw paper darts , [and so on] .

Another of his team resorted to all the tricks of the trade : discretionary dealing , roll-on account trades , etc .
another of his team resorted to all the tricks of the trade : discretionary dealing , roll-on account trades , [and so on] .

The firm drastically reduced the sum totals on grounds of bad debts , fines , etc .
the firm drastically reduced the sum totals on grounds of bad debts , fines , [and so on] .

It was he who had to listen to how the clients could never get through on the telephone , how they were chased by debt collectors even when they had paid , how they could not find up to the minute share prices , etc .
it was he who had to listen to how the clients could never get through on the telephone , how they were chased by debt collectors even when they had paid , how they could not find up to the minute share prices , [and so on] .

£30,000 a year at thirty years old , etc .
£30,000 a year at thirty years old , [and so on] .

Any computer has a number of input/output or peripheral devices attached to it , both for communication with the outside world ( card readers , line printers , terminals , etc . )
any computer has a number of input/output or peripheral devices attached to it , both for communication with the outside world ( card readers , line printers , terminals , [and so on] . )

and for augmenting the computer 's information storage capacity ( magnetic discs , magnetic tape , etc . )
and for augmenting the computer 's information storage capacity ( magnetic discs , magnetic tape , [and so on] . )

Because the stack is such a common programming device for retaining intermediate results in the right order ( for arithmetic calculation , syntactic analysis , subroutine and interrupt entry and return , etc . )
because the stack is such a common programming device for retaining intermediate results in the right order ( for arithmetic calculation , syntactic analysis , subroutine and interrupt entry and return , [and so on] . )

the length of the instruction ( if it can vary ) , the order of fields within the instruction , the value in the operation code field , etc .
the length of the instruction ( if it can vary ) , the order of fields within the instruction , the value in the operation code field , [and so on] .

These may be at the level of little-associations , anecdotes , etc .
these may be at the level of little-associations , anecdotes , [and so on] .

, some-examples , attributes , defining features , etc .
, some-examples , attributes , defining features , [and so on] .

, or more superordinate concepts , definitions , analogies , etc .
, or more superordinate concepts , definitions , analogies , [and so on] .

Rarely will they define precisely what it is they wish to find out about dinosaurs or railways , etc .
rarely will they define precisely what it is they wish to find out about dinosaurs or railways , [and so on] .

Indeed Weber 's book [ 32 ] of 1893 talks not just of ( groups of ) permutations , matrices , etc .
indeed weber 's book [ 32 ] of 1893 talks not just of ( groups of ) permutations , matrices , [and so on] .

Basing his proposals on the more commonly used properties shared by permutations , matrices , etc .
basing his proposals on the more commonly used properties shared by permutations , matrices , [and so on] .

As stated above , the algebra now called classical concerned itself with ( polynomial ) equations , in particular with attempts to supply formulae for the roots of equations of degrees 3 , 4 , 5 , etc .
as stated above , the algebra now called classical concerned itself with ( polynomial ) equations , in particular with attempts to supply formulae for the roots of equations of degrees 3 , 4 , 5 , [and so on] .

Let them be listed in increasing order as [ so that etc . ]
let them be listed in increasing order as [ so that [and so on] . ]

After all with , etc .
after all with , [and so on] .

It appears that the bars over the as are also superfluous since ( on using the new notations + rather than etc . )
it appears that the bars over the as are also superfluous since ( on using the new notations + rather than [and so on] . )

As remarked in the prologue , present-day algebra might be defined as the study of ( n-ary ) operations on sets ( n = 2 , but also 0 , 1 , 3 , 4 , … etc . )
as remarked in the prologue , present-day algebra might be defined as the study of ( n-ary ) operations on sets ( n = 2 , but also 0 , 1 , 3 , 4 , … [and so on] . )

The socialization of child-care and domestic work is no easy matter and above all , it costs money — nurseries , school meals , etc .
the socialization of child-care and domestic work is no easy matter and above all , it costs money — nurseries , school meals , [and so on] .

Women 's participation in the movement has developed a great awareness about women 's particular needs , in terms of nurseries , the socialization of domestic work , etc .
women 's participation in the movement has developed a great awareness about women 's particular needs , in terms of nurseries , the socialization of domestic work , [and so on] .

In an attempt to account for some of the peculiarities of the sternopleural region , Ferris ( 1940 , etc . )
in an attempt to account for some of the peculiarities of the sternopleural region , ferris ( 1940 , [and so on] . )

Thus , in a few moths ( Erannis defoliaria , etc . )
thus , in a few moths ( erannis defoliaria , [and so on] . )

Among general works on the structure of the brain are those by Jawlowski ( 2936 ) , Hanstrom ( 2940 ) , Ehnbohm ( 1948 ) , Goossen ( 1949 ) , Satija ( 2957 , etc . )
among general works on the structure of the brain are those by jawlowski ( 2936 ) , hanstrom ( 2940 ) , ehnbohm ( 1948 ) , goossen ( 1949 ) , satija ( 2957 , [and so on] . )

However , any task which required the pupil to break down a number into its place value components — hundreds , tens etc .
however , any task which required the pupil to break down a number into its place value components — hundreds , tens [and so on] .

Although working out change for two items involves two operations ( adding the prices of the two items and then subtracting or counting on to the sum presented ( 50p , £1 etc . )
although working out change for two items involves two operations ( adding the prices of the two items and then subtracting or counting on to the sum presented ( 50p , £1 [and so on] . )

Timetables are difficult for many pupils because the arrangement of the information has to be understood and the relevant figures extracted before calculations on time intervals , etc .
timetables are difficult for many pupils because the arrangement of the information has to be understood and the relevant figures extracted before calculations on time intervals , [and so on] .

One of the most crowded tables was an extract from a guide to hotels , motels , etc .
one of the most crowded tables was an extract from a guide to hotels , motels , [and so on] .

There are three main features of the task : ( a ) interpreting the scale of the diagram ; ( b ) appreciation of the positioning of furniture in relation to doors , windows etc ; and ( c ) general design considerations .
there are three main features of the task : ( a ) interpreting the scale of the diagram ; ( b ) appreciation of the positioning of furniture in relation to doors , windows [and so on] ; and ( c ) general design considerations .

The boys very consistently had higher success rates in items involving anything to do with measures : estimating , measuring or calculating lengths , time intervals etc .
the boys very consistently had higher success rates in items involving anything to do with measures : estimating , measuring or calculating lengths , time intervals [and so on] .

Tasks might be defined in terms of the processes they involve : calculating , ordering , representing and sorting etc .
tasks might be defined in terms of the processes they involve : calculating , ordering , representing and sorting [and so on] .

One set of tasks might , for example , compare types of movement of everyday objects ; drawers , keys , doors , pages of a book etc .
one set of tasks might , for example , compare types of movement of everyday objects ; drawers , keys , doors , pages of a book [and so on] .

We must give them suitable materials to work with — suitable tools — brushes , paper , paints , etc .
we must give them suitable materials to work with — suitable tools — brushes , paper , paints , [and so on] .

You will be able to see for yourselves how drawing and painting can affect other subjects : Religious Education , Domestic Science , History , etc .
you will be able to see for yourselves how drawing and painting can affect other subjects : religious education , domestic science , history , [and so on] .

Where his ears are placed , etc .
where his ears are placed , [and so on] .

It 's lovely there ; find a good vantage point and make rough pencil sketches of the church and trees around and the shapes of tombstones , etc .
it 's lovely there ; find a good vantage point and make rough pencil sketches of the church and trees around and the shapes of tombstones , [and so on] .

Trained at Reading , and with the Euston Road Group ( with Pasmore , Gowing , Coldstream , etc . )
trained at reading , and with the euston road group ( with pasmore , gowing , coldstream , [and so on] . )

He appoints and dismisses government ministers and has at his disposal a wide selection of public appointments , honours , etc .
he appoints and dismisses government ministers and has at his disposal a wide selection of public appointments , honours , [and so on] .

This is a Bill certified by the Speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , etc .
this is a bill certified by the speaker as containing only provisions relating to the imposition , repeal or regulation of taxation , the imposition or variation of charges on the consolidated fund , [and so on] .

It covers streets , common areas of flats , such as stairs and walkways , gardens easily accessible from the street , pub car parks , etc .
it covers streets , common areas of flats , such as stairs and walkways , gardens easily accessible from the street , pub car parks , [and so on] .

As defined in section 11 , this includes journalistic material held in confidence and confidential personal records held by such people as doctors , social workers , etc .
as defined in section 11 , this includes journalistic material held in confidence and confidential personal records held by such people as doctors , social workers , [and so on] .

Such conditions may relate to route , size , timing , etc .
such conditions may relate to route , size , timing , [and so on] .

Under section 6 ( 3 ) a person is guilty of an offence under section 4 only if he intends his words , behaviour or writing , etc .
under section 6 ( 3 ) a person is guilty of an offence under section 4 only if he intends his words , behaviour or writing , [and so on] .

In recent years there has been a trend on the part of certain police authorities to move from discussing equipment , etc .
in recent years there has been a trend on the part of certain police authorities to move from discussing equipment , [and so on] .

In practice , the courts do not like to rely on unreasonableness alone but rather to base the decision on the fact that irrelevant considerations have been taken into account , etc .
in practice , the courts do not like to rely on unreasonableness alone but rather to base the decision on the fact that irrelevant considerations have been taken into account , [and so on] .

It was left to subsequent decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , etc .
it was left to subsequent decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , [and so on] .

So you might call together a group who have difficulty with the single-double problem and offer them : linning grining frumy bolly etc .
so you might call together a group who have difficulty with the single-double problem and offer them : linning grining frumy bolly [and so on] .

sawk could be associated with law , saw , squawk , etc .
sawk could be associated with law , saw , squawk , [and so on] .

The next stage produces as guesses c , b , m , n , etc .
the next stage produces as guesses c , b , m , n , [and so on] .

You can also record the letters they suggest , and talk about them afterwards , how likely they were , whether they were pure guesswork or genuine predictions , which words they may have had in mind , etc .
you can also record the letters they suggest , and talk about them afterwards , how likely they were , whether they were pure guesswork or genuine predictions , which words they may have had in mind , [and so on] .

In five , the omitted letter is -h- ( wirling , wizzing etc . )
in five , the omitted letter is -h- ( wirling , wizzing [and so on] . )

mise chifing is a bold attempt , but the addition of the `` e `` shows that the child does n't fully understand the effect of the e-marker in such contexts as -a-e , -i-e , etc .
mise chifing is a bold attempt , but the addition of the `` e `` shows that the child does n't fully understand the effect of the e-marker in such contexts as -a-e , -i-e , [and so on] .

fly — flies ; spy — spies etc . )
fly — flies ; spy — spies [and so on] . )

Strategies designed to strengthen visual memory : pronunciation , flash-card or Language Master practice for consat , damestic , etc .
strategies designed to strengthen visual memory : pronunciation , flash-card or language master practice for consat , damestic , [and so on] .

The Word-Maker contains the various symbols — consonants , blends , vowels , etc .
the word-maker contains the various symbols — consonants , blends , vowels , [and so on] .

Women , it was generally claimed , were put to do `` straight setting `` , that is composing lines of type ( by hand for most of the period ) , and only rarely moved from the type-case to do the other tasks regarded as part of the trade ( making up , imposition , locking up chases , carrying formes , etc . )
women , it was generally claimed , were put to do `` straight setting `` , that is composing lines of type ( by hand for most of the period ) , and only rarely moved from the type-case to do the other tasks regarded as part of the trade ( making up , imposition , locking up chases , carrying formes , [and so on] . )

As the Macdonald Survey put it in 1904 , `` a curious point in connection with the work being sent out of London is that , except in the case of Edinburgh , the greater cheapness of the work outside London is not due so much to cheaper labour as to lower rents , etc . ``
as the macdonald survey put it in 1904 , `` a curious point in connection with the work being sent out of london is that , except in the case of edinburgh , the greater cheapness of the work outside london is not due so much to cheaper labour as to lower rents , [and so on] . ``

Nineteen fathers were in woodworking trades , all of them in conventional skilled trades : joiners , upholsterers etc .
nineteen fathers were in woodworking trades , all of them in conventional skilled trades : joiners , upholsterers [and so on] .

Of the remaining 51 fathers , 15 worked either on the railway in some capacity ( as signalman , guard , driver etc . )
of the remaining 51 fathers , 15 worked either on the railway in some capacity ( as signalman , guard , driver [and so on] . )

Fifteen were tradesmen ( grocer , pawnbroker , draper etc . )
fifteen were tradesmen ( grocer , pawnbroker , draper [and so on] . )

Finally , only 7 of the whole sample could really be described as white-collar employees ( clerk , inspector of works etc . )
finally , only 7 of the whole sample could really be described as white-collar employees ( clerk , inspector of works [and so on] . )

All this has to be borne in mind when considering the survey as a source , but it also contains a great deal of `` objective `` evidence about size of family , size of dwelling , wages , etc .
all this has to be borne in mind when considering the survey as a source , but it also contains a great deal of `` objective `` evidence about size of family , size of dwelling , wages , [and so on] .

Show him the location of the toilets , dayroom etc .
show him the location of the toilets , dayroom [and so on] .

( 1 ) that there should be fair distribution between geographical areas , so that , in any year , where possible one school should be included from each of the eight ( now six ) educational administrative areas ( 2 ) that in any year , project schools should comprise a mix of schools in terms of the degree to which educational initiatives of one sort or another have been taken , the socioeconomic environment , philosophies of grouping , pedagogy etc .
( 1 ) that there should be fair distribution between geographical areas , so that , in any year , where possible one school should be included from each of the eight ( now six ) educational administrative areas ( 2 ) that in any year , project schools should comprise a mix of schools in terms of the degree to which educational initiatives of one sort or another have been taken , the socioeconomic environment , philosophies of grouping , pedagogy [and so on] .

Higher up the school , this work broadened from `` library `` into `` study `` skills — summary , pictorial `` modelling `` etc .
higher up the school , this work broadened from `` library `` into `` study `` skills — summary , pictorial `` modelling `` [and so on] .

Amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )
amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans [and so on] . )

Local education authorities will contribute through staffing and clerical costs they may also provide office space and equipment , etc .
local education authorities will contribute through staffing and clerical costs they may also provide office space and equipment , [and so on] .

It should not be used to make good any cuts that have been sustained as a result of falling rolls , ratecapping , etc .
it should not be used to make good any cuts that have been sustained as a result of falling rolls , ratecapping , [and so on] .

These will relate to all the agreed Compact goals : punctuality , attendance , participation in further and higher education , Work Experience , etc .
these will relate to all the agreed compact goals : punctuality , attendance , participation in further and higher education , work experience , [and so on] .

Equally , Careers conventions , activity-based learning , meeting employers and trade unionists , mock interviews , visits to industry , conferences , etc .
equally , careers conventions , activity-based learning , meeting employers and trade unionists , mock interviews , visits to industry , conferences , [and so on] .

Teachers in Compact schools will be particularly keen to ask trade unionists from Compact companies to participate in Careers programmes and in planning for and working with students in such Trade Union focussed activities as simulations and role play , etc .
teachers in compact schools will be particularly keen to ask trade unionists from compact companies to participate in careers programmes and in planning for and working with students in such trade union focussed activities as simulations and role play , [and so on] .

Closer contacts between education and places of work through Work Experience , visits to schools , etc .
closer contacts between education and places of work through work experience , visits to schools , [and so on] .

For a colourful accompaniment to the turkey , sauté 175g ( 6oz ) mixed nuts , eg brazils , hazelnuts , walnuts , etc , with 50g ( 2oz ) fresh or frozen cranberries in 50g ( 2oz ) butter and 15ml ( 1 level tbsp ) soft brown sugar until they turn golden brown .
for a colourful accompaniment to the turkey , sauté 175g ( 6oz ) mixed nuts , eg brazils , hazelnuts , walnuts , [and so on] , with 50g ( 2oz ) fresh or frozen cranberries in 50g ( 2oz ) butter and 15ml ( 1 level tbsp ) soft brown sugar until they turn golden brown .

As discourse ‘ booms ’ — feminism , cultural studies , etc — get identified together with their potential markets by particular publishing houses , their lists become bloated with virtually indistinguishable product .
as discourse ‘ booms ’ — feminism , cultural studies , [and so on] — get identified together with their potential markets by particular publishing houses , their lists become bloated with virtually indistinguishable product .

For Cortot thirds , sixths , octaves etc , are transformed into the purest poetry and , to quote Philippe Entremont , ‘ take wing ’ in a way that is unique .
for cortot thirds , sixths , octaves [and so on] , are transformed into the purest poetry and , to quote philippe entremont , ‘ take wing ’ in a way that is unique .

Powers to introduce such a tax in Scotland had been included in the Abolition of Domestic Rates etc .
powers to introduce such a tax in scotland had been included in the abolition of domestic rates [and so on] .

If you were to write an autobiography of your early years how much different would it be from ‘ The Barracks ’ in terms of elements like the domineering father , the oppressive nature of Catholicism and the bleak landscapes etc ?
if you were to write an autobiography of your early years how much different would it be from ‘ the barracks ’ in terms of elements like the domineering father , the oppressive nature of catholicism and the bleak landscapes [and so on] ?

Others decided to taste freedom in other fields of social activity : speculation on the black market , opening businesses etc .
others decided to taste freedom in other fields of social activity : speculation on the black market , opening businesses [and so on] .

At present money received in roubles from concerts can be spent on food , hotels , transport , presents , etc .
at present money received in roubles from concerts can be spent on food , hotels , transport , presents , [and so on] .

New inventions and developments in methods of production , transport , etc .
new inventions and developments in methods of production , transport , [and so on] .

In Western societies , men and women are popularly said to choose marriage partners by the uniquely personal act of falling in love — love strikes willy-nilly , ‘ across a crowded room ’ , in a ‘ magical chemistry ’ , etc .
in western societies , men and women are popularly said to choose marriage partners by the uniquely personal act of falling in love — love strikes willy-nilly , ‘ across a crowded room ’ , in a ‘ magical chemistry ’ , [and so on] .

Rather there are a variety of perspectives which do share the common emphasis of viewing social behaviour as the product of social arrangements , social forces and conditions , etc .
rather there are a variety of perspectives which do share the common emphasis of viewing social behaviour as the product of social arrangements , social forces and conditions , [and so on] .

Thus , though our parents tell us not to stare at strangers , not to speak with our mouths full , etc .
thus , though our parents tell us not to stare at strangers , not to speak with our mouths full , [and so on] .

Although other vehicles are available — gesture , touch , dress , etc .
although other vehicles are available — gesture , touch , dress , [and so on] .

inputs necessary for production factories , machines , etc . )
inputs necessary for production factories , machines , [and so on] . )

reproduction of the species , socialisation of the young , etc . )
reproduction of the species , socialisation of the young , [and so on] . )

The loss of earning power experienced by such as doctors , lawyers , etc .
the loss of earning power experienced by such as doctors , lawyers , [and so on] .

For some male manual employees in certain industries overtime and other payments are even more important in determining average earnings : for example , on average , 30 per cent of the wages of manual employees in the metal manufacture and mining industries is made up in overtime payments , etc .
for some male manual employees in certain industries overtime and other payments are even more important in determining average earnings : for example , on average , 30 per cent of the wages of manual employees in the metal manufacture and mining industries is made up in overtime payments , [and so on] .

referring to their ‘ real ’ earnings when allowance has been made for inflation , etc . )
referring to their ‘ real ’ earnings when allowance has been made for inflation , [and so on] . )

As Miliband ( 1974 ) says , ‘ Old age , disablement , low pay , unemployment , etc .
as miliband ( 1974 ) says , ‘ old age , disablement , low pay , unemployment , [and so on] .

our responsibilities as an occupying Power in Japan , our special interest in the Philippines as a former part of United States territory etc .
our responsibilities as an occupying power in japan , our special interest in the philippines as a former part of united states territory [and so on] .

Mike Conolly , off-licence chief at Sainsbury 's and thus Britain 's biggest buyer of wine , puts it with commendable candour : ‘ The Grandes Marques ( such as Bollinger , Moët , etc ) are intent on imposing very sizeable increases in the full knowledge that a further decline in sales will result .
mike conolly , off-licence chief at sainsbury 's and thus britain 's biggest buyer of wine , puts it with commendable candour : ‘ the grandes marques ( such as bollinger , moët , [and so on] ) are intent on imposing very sizeable increases in the full knowledge that a further decline in sales will result .

When the economy was growing too fast , and inflation and balance of payments problems were starting to emerge , the budget was used to apply the brakes — through higher taxation , tighter hire purchase controls , etc .
when the economy was growing too fast , and inflation and balance of payments problems were starting to emerge , the budget was used to apply the brakes — through higher taxation , tighter hire purchase controls , [and so on] .

More than most utilities , electricity supply , and the prices charged , represent an uneasy compromise between the interests of individual consumers , the public at large , the Government , the distributors , the generators , etc .
more than most utilities , electricity supply , and the prices charged , represent an uneasy compromise between the interests of individual consumers , the public at large , the government , the distributors , the generators , [and so on] .

More satisfactory measures of total fertility can be based on estimates of the chances of women going on to have first , second , third etc .
more satisfactory measures of total fertility can be based on estimates of the chances of women going on to have first , second , third [and so on] .

But much can be inferred from statistics of births in any year to women who already have 0 , 1 , 2 , etc .
but much can be inferred from statistics of births in any year to women who already have 0 , 1 , 2 , [and so on] .

Devine was particularly taken by the ornamental designs on the Scuttlers ' belts , produced with metal pins : ‘ These designs include figures of serpents , a heart pierced with an arrow ( this appears to be a favourite design ) , Prince of Wales ’ feathers , clogs , animals , stars , etc .
devine was particularly taken by the ornamental designs on the scuttlers ' belts , produced with metal pins : ‘ these designs include figures of serpents , a heart pierced with an arrow ( this appears to be a favourite design ) , prince of wales ’ feathers , clogs , animals , stars , [and so on] .

In this old garden , where there were pools and waterfalls , grass lawns , gravel paths , shrubs and flowers and liberal seating area , there was a gauge one model railway raised two feet above the garden , complete with station , store sheds , etc .
in this old garden , where there were pools and waterfalls , grass lawns , gravel paths , shrubs and flowers and liberal seating area , there was a gauge one model railway raised two feet above the garden , complete with station , store sheds , [and so on] .

To go at all closely into the food and its preparation is in a sense to ‘ miss the point ’ of the Ritz , the point being the room , the place , the people , etc .
to go at all closely into the food and its preparation is in a sense to ‘ miss the point ’ of the ritz , the point being the room , the place , the people , [and so on] .

Wallpapers , fabrics , furnishings , etc .
wallpapers , fabrics , furnishings , [and so on] .

Similarly , coach itineraries may have to be changed , sometimes at short notice , due to weather , road or traffic conditions , mechanical breakdowns , police activity etc .
similarly , coach itineraries may have to be changed , sometimes at short notice , due to weather , road or traffic conditions , mechanical breakdowns , police activity [and so on] .

Your are responsible for any charges , fines etc .
your are responsible for any charges , fines [and so on] .

He wanted to know which ferry we were taking , whether we were going via Calais or Boulogne , which direction we were heading , when we were coming back , etc .
he wanted to know which ferry we were taking , whether we were going via calais or boulogne , which direction we were heading , when we were coming back , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

The interviews were designed to collect basic biographical details relating to the age , sex , employment profile , housing conditions , etc .
the interviews were designed to collect basic biographical details relating to the age , sex , employment profile , housing conditions , [and so on] .

Are all plugs and sockets in good condition , undamaged , no loose wires , correctly fused , etc ?
are all plugs and sockets in good condition , undamaged , no loose wires , correctly fused , [and so on] ?

Do you have , and wear , proper safety equipment such as goggles , boots , gloves , etc when , for example , using power tools ?
do you have , and wear , proper safety equipment such as goggles , boots , gloves , [and so on] when , for example , using power tools ?

Most of the modes considered so far require the involvement in each state of an agency of central government as well as the competent official ( parquet , etc . )
most of the modes considered so far require the involvement in each state of an agency of central government as well as the competent official ( parquet , [and so on] . )

This opens the way for direct communication between the appropriate officer ( parquet , etc . )
this opens the way for direct communication between the appropriate officer ( parquet , [and so on] . )

Formerly the Lochiel , this Drybrough pub has been renovated in humble Victorian style , with blanket boxes , Welsh dresser , wooden chairs etc .
formerly the lochiel , this drybrough pub has been renovated in humble victorian style , with blanket boxes , welsh dresser , wooden chairs [and so on] .

Pre-historic , Roman and later archaeology , furniture , costume , etc .
pre-historic , roman and later archaeology , furniture , costume , [and so on] .

Uniforms , arms , colours , trophies , etc .
uniforms , arms , colours , trophies , [and so on] .

( Sportsmen opposed to smoking include Gary Lineker , Paul Gascoigne , Peter Roebuck , Tessa Sanderson , Sebastian Coe , Will Carling , etc . )
( sportsmen opposed to smoking include gary lineker , paul gascoigne , peter roebuck , tessa sanderson , sebastian coe , will carling , [and so on] . )

heart disease , stroke , etc . )
heart disease , stroke , [and so on] . )

income , living standards , etc . )
income , living standards , [and so on] . )

Public servants ( nurses , firemen , pilots etc . )
public servants ( nurses , firemen , pilots [and so on] . )

This 50 acre park overlooks Widemouth beach and features : Heated swimming pool , Farmhouse club with dancing and entertainments , launderette , shop , fish and chip style cafe , take away meals , adventure play area etc .
this 50 acre park overlooks widemouth beach and features : heated swimming pool , farmhouse club with dancing and entertainments , launderette , shop , fish and chip style cafe , take away meals , adventure play area [and so on] .

Electric hook ups available , Hot showers , toilets , chemical disposal , Calor gas sales etc .
electric hook ups available , hot showers , toilets , chemical disposal , calor gas sales [and so on] .

Anyone doubting such a claim should simply scan , as we have done , headlines of the more popular newspapers from about 1968 onwards and note the frequency with which terms such as ‘ mindless ’ , ‘ evil ’ , ‘ thuggery ’ , ‘ mad ’ , ‘ violent ’ , ‘ wanton destruction ’ , etc .
anyone doubting such a claim should simply scan , as we have done , headlines of the more popular newspapers from about 1968 onwards and note the frequency with which terms such as ‘ mindless ’ , ‘ evil ’ , ‘ thuggery ’ , ‘ mad ’ , ‘ violent ’ , ‘ wanton destruction ’ , [and so on] .

Yet when viewed from the ‘ outside ’ , the ‘ deviance ’ that such acts are deemed to possess is assured only by virtue of a community 's orientation to them as wrong , immoral , evil , etc .
yet when viewed from the ‘ outside ’ , the ‘ deviance ’ that such acts are deemed to possess is assured only by virtue of a community 's orientation to them as wrong , immoral , evil , [and so on] .

An individual 's life in society can be described in a variety of ways , economic , ecological , etc .
an individual 's life in society can be described in a variety of ways , economic , ecological , [and so on] .

The presence of a handshake could be thought of as excluding all possible alternatives , that is it excludes kissing , nodding , spitting , etc .
the presence of a handshake could be thought of as excluding all possible alternatives , that is it excludes kissing , nodding , spitting , [and so on] .

The parking bays remains , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the Tourist Information Centre , Brighton Centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )
the parking bays remains , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the tourist information centre , brighton centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , [and so on] . )

Long established , quiet , comfortable hotel , close to sea , shops , etc .
long established , quiet , comfortable hotel , close to sea , shops , [and so on] .

First , with talk of deregulation , laissez-faire , greater competition etc , it seems appropriate that we should focus on the role of economic analysis , in particular , the way in which economics can be used to shape law and public policy .
first , with talk of deregulation , laissez-faire , greater competition [and so on] , it seems appropriate that we should focus on the role of economic analysis , in particular , the way in which economics can be used to shape law and public policy .

Inherent in the use of economic analysis as a complement to traditional legal scholarship is the fact that there must be an investment in a new vocabulary : opportunity cost , synergies , externality etc .
inherent in the use of economic analysis as a complement to traditional legal scholarship is the fact that there must be an investment in a new vocabulary : opportunity cost , synergies , externality [and so on] .

Though conflict of interest situations are diverse in form , they can , however , be distinguished from other types of market place misconduct such as bribery , embezzlement , fraud etc .
though conflict of interest situations are diverse in form , they can , however , be distinguished from other types of market place misconduct such as bribery , embezzlement , fraud [and so on] .

The formation of financial conglomerates , embodying commercial banking , stock-broking , market making , fund management etc , raise concerns not only over a clash of interests between conglomerate and client but also over a clash of obligations owed by the conglomerate to two or more clients .
the formation of financial conglomerates , embodying commercial banking , stock-broking , market making , fund management [and so on] , raise concerns not only over a clash of interests between conglomerate and client but also over a clash of obligations owed by the conglomerate to two or more clients .

All villas are supplied with bed linen , bath towels and all necessary basic kitchen equipment ( not necessarily ovens , kettles or teapots ! ) Villas are not supplied with cleaning items such as polish , cloths etc .
all villas are supplied with bed linen , bath towels and all necessary basic kitchen equipment ( not necessarily ovens , kettles or teapots ! ) villas are not supplied with cleaning items such as polish , cloths [and so on] .

The authority , formed by merging the commissioning functions of the family health services authority and the district health authority , will contract with primary care for defined services — general medical , community nursing , chiropody , family planning , etc .
the authority , formed by merging the commissioning functions of the family health services authority and the district health authority , will contract with primary care for defined services — general medical , community nursing , chiropody , family planning , [and so on] .

Primary care teams will manage their own budget for staff , prescribing , general medical services , etc , and be accountable to the purchaser for their performance .
primary care teams will manage their own budget for staff , prescribing , general medical services , [and so on] , and be accountable to the purchaser for their performance .

Unfortunately , through gullible journalists and limitations of the act , grossly exaggerated therapeutic claims can be made for ‘ natural ’ health supplements , herbal remedies , electrical devices , allergy treatments , etc , few of which are ever supported by objective scientific evidence .
unfortunately , through gullible journalists and limitations of the act , grossly exaggerated therapeutic claims can be made for ‘ natural ’ health supplements , herbal remedies , electrical devices , allergy treatments , [and so on] , few of which are ever supported by objective scientific evidence .

Here the company offering the contract agrees to offer a replacement car or plane for the period of time in which the vehicle is down for maintenance , repairs etc .
here the company offering the contract agrees to offer a replacement car or plane for the period of time in which the vehicle is down for maintenance , repairs [and so on] .

Pornography is seen as one manifestation among others of the way in which women are controlled by male power or violence ( other manifestations are rape , or the fear of rape , wife-battering , prostitution , child-abuse , etc . )
pornography is seen as one manifestation among others of the way in which women are controlled by male power or violence ( other manifestations are rape , or the fear of rape , wife-battering , prostitution , child-abuse , [and so on] . )

Sometimes women are depicted almost as a caricature of a male stereotype of themselves — they are servile , weak , powerless etc .
sometimes women are depicted almost as a caricature of a male stereotype of themselves — they are servile , weak , powerless [and so on] .

However , if you intend to take up framing , or even wish to add cornicing dadoes etc , to your home , the Proman will make the job simple .
however , if you intend to take up framing , or even wish to add cornicing dadoes [and so on] , to your home , the proman will make the job simple .

As respectively experienced d-i-yers ( we had already installed new window frames , central heating and patio windows , etc ) , we felt confident we could do most of the jobs , except the brickwork .
as respectively experienced d-i-yers ( we had already installed new window frames , central heating and patio windows , [and so on] ) , we felt confident we could do most of the jobs , except the brickwork .

Prerequisite ingredients like the ridiculous plot , the improbably psychotic killer and a fantastically violent jailbreak ( chainsaws etc ) are all in place .
prerequisite ingredients like the ridiculous plot , the improbably psychotic killer and a fantastically violent jailbreak ( chainsaws [and so on] ) are all in place .

She began to look into alternative methods of treatment — natural remedies , hypnotherapy , etc — and resented me for not participating and not having the right attitude .
she began to look into alternative methods of treatment — natural remedies , hypnotherapy , [and so on] — and resented me for not participating and not having the right attitude .

This £100 million will be received by workers , contractors , suppliers , etc .
this £100 million will be received by workers , contractors , suppliers , [and so on] .

One reason for this is that suitable up-to-date information on employment , prices , etc .
one reason for this is that suitable up-to-date information on employment , prices , [and so on] .

In addition , the banks claimed that the authorities ' monetary measures — particularly prior to 1964 — tended to restrict mainly the clearing banks , whereas other financial intermediaries ( secondary banks , building societies , insurance companies , etc . )
in addition , the banks claimed that the authorities ' monetary measures — particularly prior to 1964 — tended to restrict mainly the clearing banks , whereas other financial intermediaries ( secondary banks , building societies , insurance companies , [and so on] . )

In 1976 , following several years of lobbying by feminists , poverty pressure groups , etc .
in 1976 , following several years of lobbying by feminists , poverty pressure groups , [and so on] .

But in the last few years feminists have begun to organise together as architects , housing workers , builders , designers etc , to question seriously assumptions around housing policy and structure ; assumptions held not only by politicians , housing officials and housing workers , but also by socialist housing activists .
but in the last few years feminists have begun to organise together as architects , housing workers , builders , designers [and so on] , to question seriously assumptions around housing policy and structure ; assumptions held not only by politicians , housing officials and housing workers , but also by socialist housing activists .

This development of technique in sewerage , transport , electricity , etc .
this development of technique in sewerage , transport , electricity , [and so on] .

There is a good site at Tarascon , which is also convenient for Mouries , Fontvielle etc .
there is a good site at tarascon , which is also convenient for mouries , fontvielle [and so on] .

The authors conclude that it is more likely that many other factors should also be included in the analysis such as motivation , nicotine dependence , personality type , self-efficacy , therapeutic support , etc , which act together in a complex way and would substantially increase the explained variance of smoking cessation .
the authors conclude that it is more likely that many other factors should also be included in the analysis such as motivation , nicotine dependence , personality type , self-efficacy , therapeutic support , [and so on] , which act together in a complex way and would substantially increase the explained variance of smoking cessation .

Respect established climbing traditions in ethical matters such as the use of chalk , pitons , bolts etc .
respect established climbing traditions in ethical matters such as the use of chalk , pitons , bolts [and so on] .

The Super Rocks use an improved Rock design ( recessed wire , more curves etc . )
the super rocks use an improved rock design ( recessed wire , more curves [and so on] . )

That assessment was shared by John Monk , deputy managing director of London chain Books Etc .
that assessment was shared by john monk , deputy managing director of london chain books [and so on] .

So , for instance within Random House ( under Gaily Rebuff ) we find Jonah Cape , once run by Tom Marcher , now by David Godwit and Gearing Camel ; Chatty and Winds , then as now run by Caiman Calix ; Hutches ; Barrier & Jerkins ; Bolder Head ; etc , etc .
so , for instance within random house ( under gaily rebuff ) we find jonah cape , once run by tom marcher , now by david godwit and gearing camel ; chatty and winds , then as now run by caiman calix ; hutches ; barrier & jerkins ; bolder head ; [and so on] , [and so on] .

The men they 're looking for are those with skills saleable on the black economy — plumbers , mechanics , electricians , etc .
the men they 're looking for are those with skills saleable on the black economy — plumbers , mechanics , electricians , [and so on] .

Tutors are encouraged to refer to the Director of Education or the Staff Tutors any problems arising from the marking of tests etc .
tutors are encouraged to refer to the director of education or the staff tutors any problems arising from the marking of tests [and so on] .

The Inshore Lifeboat will continue to operate from Dunbar and crew gear , assembly , training etc will remain there .
the inshore lifeboat will continue to operate from dunbar and crew gear , assembly , training [and so on] will remain there .

The Administration Internal Cost Review team , led by Peel Park Admin Manager Allan King , examined ways of reducing costs in travel , catering , purchases of journals for the Library , etc .
the administration internal cost review team , led by peel park admin manager allan king , examined ways of reducing costs in travel , catering , purchases of journals for the library , [and so on] .

Exchange control , forward exchange , commodity market , freight booking , codes and communications , customs clearing and bonding , advertising and trade fairs , etc .
exchange control , forward exchange , commodity market , freight booking , codes and communications , customs clearing and bonding , advertising and trade fairs , [and so on] .

Topics include Vanderbilt jeans , De Bijenkor department stores , American unions etc .
topics include vanderbilt jeans , de bijenkor department stores , american unions [and so on] .

The first half focuses on the language of business ( job applications , job interviews , etc . )
the first half focuses on the language of business ( job applications , job interviews , [and so on] . )

Exercises to elicit ( a ) understanding ( b ) language use ( c ) writer 's attitude ( d ) stylistic features of prose ( journalese ) ( e ) non-verbal data ( graphs etc ) .
exercises to elicit ( a ) understanding ( b ) language use ( c ) writer 's attitude ( d ) stylistic features of prose ( journalese ) ( e ) non-verbal data ( graphs [and so on] ) .

Practice and consolidation of numbers including percentages , fractions , dates , telephone numbers etc .
practice and consolidation of numbers including percentages , fractions , dates , telephone numbers [and so on] .

For personnel dealing with eg , short term investments , bonds and shares , small loans , mortgages , etc .
for personnel dealing with eg , short term investments , bonds and shares , small loans , mortgages , [and so on] .

Units concentrate on communicative ability with particular reference to defining graphs , maps , etc .
units concentrate on communicative ability with particular reference to defining graphs , maps , [and so on] .

‘ Play ’ book relieving heavy course material with very useful back-up vocabulary etc .
‘ play ’ book relieving heavy course material with very useful back-up vocabulary [and so on] .

Special English Series — What is a computer ? The history of the computer , Hardware , the Control Processor , Data , The Programmer , the Systems Analyst etc .
special english series — what is a computer ? the history of the computer , hardware , the control processor , data , the programmer , the systems analyst [and so on] .

Face-to-face negotiations on a variety of situations which require special vocabulary on ( a ) invoices ( b ) credit control ( c ) prices and discounts ( d ) agency contract ( e ) salaries and work ( f ) licensing etc .
face-to-face negotiations on a variety of situations which require special vocabulary on ( a ) invoices ( b ) credit control ( c ) prices and discounts ( d ) agency contract ( e ) salaries and work ( f ) licensing [and so on] .

Setting up in business , making contracts , arbitration , restraint of trade , negligence , raising money , winding-up a company , etc .
setting up in business , making contracts , arbitration , restraint of trade , negligence , raising money , winding-up a company , [and so on] .

Based on topics and situations related to day-to-day business activities : telephone work , office practice , etc .
based on topics and situations related to day-to-day business activities : telephone work , office practice , [and so on] .

Provides exercises appropriate for a range of common telephone situations : orders , bookings , complaints , etc .
provides exercises appropriate for a range of common telephone situations : orders , bookings , complaints , [and so on] .

General information on using the telephone including identification , dates , standard telephone vocabulary , time zones , dialling procedures , emergency phrases , directory enquiries etc .
general information on using the telephone including identification , dates , standard telephone vocabulary , time zones , dialling procedures , emergency phrases , directory enquiries [and so on] .

Fourteen Business Briefs include topics such as writing a business letter , welcoming visitors etc .
fourteen business briefs include topics such as writing a business letter , welcoming visitors [and so on] .

Talking about the ship , types of ships , crew 's duties , putting to sea , collision rules , steering a course , etc .
talking about the ship , types of ships , crew 's duties , putting to sea , collision rules , steering a course , [and so on] .

An extended writing task requiring candidates to produce a report , article , memorandum , etc , on a choice of role-related topics drawn from the business and economic life .
an extended writing task requiring candidates to produce a report , article , memorandum , [and so on] , on a choice of role-related topics drawn from the business and economic life .

Candidates should be made aware of the variety of forms of writing used in business life , so that they will be able to select most appropriate form — notes , summaries , memoranda , telex , quantification displays , etc — according to circumstances .
candidates should be made aware of the variety of forms of writing used in business life , so that they will be able to select most appropriate form — notes , summaries , memoranda , telex , quantification displays , [and so on] — according to circumstances .

Candidates should also be able to reformulate data presented in one form — notes , telex , etc — and produce it in another form appropriate to a given purpose .
candidates should also be able to reformulate data presented in one form — notes , telex , [and so on] — and produce it in another form appropriate to a given purpose .

The drafting of an internal report based on raw data given in the form of graphs , notes , press cuttings , charts , tables , etc .
the drafting of an internal report based on raw data given in the form of graphs , notes , press cuttings , charts , tables , [and so on] .

This will involve some such task as giving an explanation of difficulties , requesting clarification , writing an apology , etc .
this will involve some such task as giving an explanation of difficulties , requesting clarification , writing an apology , [and so on] .

The candidate and unit enrolment data is cumulative in that , for example , the courses enrolled for in 1991–2 will include the new Batch 2 courses first validated for that year — but will also include candidates enrolling for the second cycle of Batch 1 , the third cycle of Phase 2 pilots , etc .
the candidate and unit enrolment data is cumulative in that , for example , the courses enrolled for in 1991–2 will include the new batch 2 courses first validated for that year — but will also include candidates enrolling for the second cycle of batch 1 , the third cycle of phase 2 pilots , [and so on] .

They had to revise everything on worldwide currencies , capitals , flags , rivers , national monuments etc .
they had to revise everything on worldwide currencies , capitals , flags , rivers , national monuments [and so on] .

The Catalogue sub-committee also looks regularly at the Catalogue and decides on areas of work where either new modules need to be developed centrally or existing modules need to be updated to take account of modern developments , changes in standards , work of Lead Industry Bodies etc .
the catalogue sub-committee also looks regularly at the catalogue and decides on areas of work where either new modules need to be developed centrally or existing modules need to be updated to take account of modern developments , changes in standards , work of lead industry bodies [and so on] .

‘ Guide to Procedures ’ outlines all the procedures involved in entry , certification , subject assessor visits , change to assessment instruments — and has samples of the forms involved and exemplars of module descriptors , module summary forms etc .
‘ guide to procedures ’ outlines all the procedures involved in entry , certification , subject assessor visits , change to assessment instruments — and has samples of the forms involved and exemplars of module descriptors , module summary forms [and so on] .

Many claims are received in respect of cigarette burns to furniture , carpets etc .
many claims are received in respect of cigarette burns to furniture , carpets [and so on] .

2.1.3 Scorching melting or discolouration of furniture , etc .
2.1.3 scorching melting or discolouration of furniture , [and so on] .

Under both Buildings and Contents sections , if the home has been insufficiently furnished for full habitation or unoccupied for a period in excess of 30 days , there is no cover for bursting , leaking or overflowing , etc .
under both buildings and contents sections , if the home has been insufficiently furnished for full habitation or unoccupied for a period in excess of 30 days , there is no cover for bursting , leaking or overflowing , [and so on] .

river , stream , lake , etc .
river , stream , lake , [and so on] .

It does not relate to burst pipes etc .
it does not relate to burst pipes [and so on] .

If the pipe has leaked owing to other causes such as wear and tear , faulty joints , etc , it would be appropriate to deal with the claim as a burst pipe claim .
if the pipe has leaked owing to other causes such as wear and tear , faulty joints , [and so on] , it would be appropriate to deal with the claim as a burst pipe claim .

In most cases after the cause of movement has been established and a course of action has been decided upon , such as drain repairs , tree removal , etc , it will be necessary to monitor the property to see whether the movement is progressive or whether the property will stabilise without the need for major repairs such as underpinning .
in most cases after the cause of movement has been established and a course of action has been decided upon , such as drain repairs , tree removal , [and so on] , it will be necessary to monitor the property to see whether the movement is progressive or whether the property will stabilise without the need for major repairs such as underpinning .

The scratching/tearing/chewing of furniture etc .
the scratching/tearing/chewing of furniture [and so on] .

by a cat , dog , etc .
by a cat , dog , [and so on] .

it is reasonable to expect all pipes and tanks in an attic to be lagged ; when a property is to be unoccupied for a period particularly over the winter months , all water tanks , pipes , etc should be drained and adequate heating provided .
it is reasonable to expect all pipes and tanks in an attic to be lagged ; when a property is to be unoccupied for a period particularly over the winter months , all water tanks , pipes , [and so on] should be drained and adequate heating provided .

Sanitary Fixtures include baths , wash-hand basins , w.c. 's , shower bases/cubicles , bidets , etc .
sanitary fixtures include baths , wash-hand basins , w.c. 's , shower bases/cubicles , bidets , [and so on] .

Structural Engineer , Consulting Engineer , etc .
structural engineer , consulting engineer , [and so on] .

When a claim for loss of cash is received the Policyholder should be asked to provide evidence of the existence of the cash e.g. cheque stub , bank book , bank statement/print-out , etc .
when a claim for loss of cash is received the policyholder should be asked to provide evidence of the existence of the cash e.g. cheque stub , bank book , bank statement/print-out , [and so on] .

Money held on behalf of charities , etc .
money held on behalf of charities , [and so on] .

Christian Aid , Scouts , etc .
christian aid , scouts , [and so on] .

in a guest house or hotel but not the cost of meals as the Policyholder would be saving on the cost of food , cooking , etc .
in a guest house or hotel but not the cost of meals as the policyholder would be saving on the cost of food , cooking , [and so on] .

Fur coats/jackets , etc .
fur coats/jackets , [and so on] .

This section covers damage to the contents of freezers and refrigerators , not the freezers etc .
this section covers damage to the contents of freezers and refrigerators , not the freezers [and so on] .

When instructing Adjusters it is essential that full details are passed to them regarding policy cover and in particular any non standard features , endorsements , etc .
when instructing adjusters it is essential that full details are passed to them regarding policy cover and in particular any non standard features , endorsements , [and so on] .

This is particularly relevant upon receipt of a final report when all estimates , receipts , etc , should be checked .
this is particularly relevant upon receipt of a final report when all estimates , receipts , [and so on] , should be checked .

spillage of liquid in video recorder , camcorder accidentally left on seat of train , etc .
spillage of liquid in video recorder , camcorder accidentally left on seat of train , [and so on] .

This is particularly relevant in relation to electrical goods , photographic equipment , etc .
this is particularly relevant in relation to electrical goods , photographic equipment , [and so on] .

In most cases there should be no need to replace the underlay , carpet grippers , etc , when carpets are being replaced .
in most cases there should be no need to replace the underlay , carpet grippers , [and so on] , when carpets are being replaced .

Specialist advice should be sought from Servicemaster , Carpetland , etc , before authorising replacement .
specialist advice should be sought from servicemaster , carpetland , [and so on] , before authorising replacement .

However , similar problems can arise with regard to kitchen units and fitted bedroom furniture , etc and similar considerations apply .
however , similar problems can arise with regard to kitchen units and fitted bedroom furniture , [and so on] and similar considerations apply .

This would apply to rented accommodation , council houses , etc .
this would apply to rented accommodation , council houses , [and so on] .

If necessary a copy of the lease etc .
if necessary a copy of the lease [and so on] .

‘ Only if work performance , attendance etc , continue to be unsatisfactory will normal procedures apply . ’
‘ only if work performance , attendance [and so on] , continue to be unsatisfactory will normal procedures apply . ’

Under the 1974 Health and Safety at Work etc .
under the 1974 health and safety at work [and so on] .

Makers etc . ( Loss of or Damage to Vehicles )
makers [and so on] . ( loss of or damage to vehicles )

lifts , stairs , paths , rubbish chutes etc .
lifts , stairs , paths , rubbish chutes [and so on] .

Fire and Theft etc .
fire and theft [and so on] .

The cover is usually only granted on portable/mobile plant and the wording makes clear that General Exception 2 relating to fire , theft , etc .
the cover is usually only granted on portable/mobile plant and the wording makes clear that general exception 2 relating to fire , theft , [and so on] .

Loose parts or defective joints etc .
loose parts or defective joints [and so on] .

establish ownership , use , etc .
establish ownership , use , [and so on] .

Boiler and Pressure Vessel Failure — Explosion and Collapse Claims under this heading will involve Boilers , Calorifiers , Low and High Pressure Steam Receivers , Sterilising Equipment etc .
boiler and pressure vessel failure — explosion and collapse claims under this heading will involve boilers , calorifiers , low and high pressure steam receivers , sterilising equipment [and so on] .

The Claimant should also have advised the Corporation of the loss/damage/ illness/injury etc .
the claimant should also have advised the corporation of the loss/damage/ illness/injury [and so on] .

The original receipts etc .
the original receipts [and so on] .

Any loss of cash must be substantiated i.e. proof of the existence of the cash , e.g. cheque stub , bank book , print-out , statement etc .
any loss of cash must be substantiated i.e. proof of the existence of the cash , e.g. cheque stub , bank book , print-out , statement [and so on] .

Unemployment , Jury Service , etc .
unemployment , jury service , [and so on] .

Fraudulent bills and hospital accounts can be obtained in India , Africa , etc .
fraudulent bills and hospital accounts can be obtained in india , africa , [and so on] .

If these accounts are on ‘ official ’ paper , with a watermark , then these accounts etc .
if these accounts are on ‘ official ’ paper , with a watermark , then these accounts [and so on] .

crowns , capping , etc .
crowns , capping , [and so on] .

Banks , Building Societies etc .
banks , building societies [and so on] .

doctors , physiotherapists etc .
doctors , physiotherapists [and so on] .

broken limb etc , which when allied with the claimant 's occupation can generally provide a good indication of the potential duration of a claim .
broken limb [and so on] , which when allied with the claimant 's occupation can generally provide a good indication of the potential duration of a claim .

backache , virus etc ) the progress of the claim should be monitored very closely .
backache , virus [and so on] ) the progress of the claim should be monitored very closely .

As the phrase implies the contract of employment is for a fixed term e.g 1 year , 2 years etc .
as the phrase implies the contract of employment is for a fixed term e.g 1 year , 2 years [and so on] .

Once one is familiar with the locus , etc .
once one is familiar with the locus , [and so on] .

Once eye-witness statements have been obtained then proceed to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .
once eye-witness statements have been obtained then proceed to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , [and so on] .

Request your surgeon to comment specifically on likelihood of return to work ; continuance in present employment , etc .
request your surgeon to comment specifically on likelihood of return to work ; continuance in present employment , [and so on] .

Accordingly , recommendations with regard to further investigations , etc .
accordingly , recommendations with regard to further investigations , [and so on] .

It does not cover professional negligence , etc .
it does not cover professional negligence , [and so on] .

It is the Tribunal 's view that the present arrangements regarding Shift Allowance etc .
it is the tribunal 's view that the present arrangements regarding shift allowance [and so on] .

clerical workers , labourers , cleaners , technicians etc .
clerical workers , labourers , cleaners , technicians [and so on] .

well presented documentation ( handbooks , guides etc ) written in clear and plain language
well presented documentation ( handbooks , guides [and so on] ) written in clear and plain language

There are rules prohibiting sale of alcoholic drinks ti , or for , young people under 18 years of age , but different rules apply to the sale of beer , cider , etc , to accompany a meal for a young person aged 16 or 17 .
there are rules prohibiting sale of alcoholic drinks ti , or for , young people under 18 years of age , but different rules apply to the sale of beer , cider , [and so on] , to accompany a meal for a young person aged 16 or 17 .

In your situation , as both employees work in the kitchen , it might be possible to monitor the situation , eg checking on stock after each shift , etc .
in your situation , as both employees work in the kitchen , it might be possible to monitor the situation , eg checking on stock after each shift , [and so on] .

If , despite such investigation , you are still left with two suspects , then you should go through the disciplinary procedure with both of them , including interviewing both , giving an opportunity for one to own up , etc .
if , despite such investigation , you are still left with two suspects , then you should go through the disciplinary procedure with both of them , including interviewing both , giving an opportunity for one to own up , [and so on] .

There have been two separate projects , one focusing on food preparation and cooking , the other covering accommodation services ( reception , housekeeping , etc ) .
there have been two separate projects , one focusing on food preparation and cooking , the other covering accommodation services ( reception , housekeeping , [and so on] ) .

Such support might include : more concessions , flexibility in payment of fees etc , and guidance on the financial implications of doing a course and where to get help with financial problems .
such support might include : more concessions , flexibility in payment of fees [and so on] , and guidance on the financial implications of doing a course and where to get help with financial problems .

At Sight or at 90 days from sight etc .
at sight or at 90 days from sight [and so on] .

The sinking fund was established to cover extraordinary items such as : — regular painting of outside of apartments , tree surgery , any major repairs or renewals which , of course will be inevitable in the coming years , then of course there will be resurfacing of roads , replacement of boilers , drainage and sewerage problems etc .
the sinking fund was established to cover extraordinary items such as : — regular painting of outside of apartments , tree surgery , any major repairs or renewals which , of course will be inevitable in the coming years , then of course there will be resurfacing of roads , replacement of boilers , drainage and sewerage problems [and so on] .

collaboration with other institutions of higher education in staff development , access course facilities etc .
collaboration with other institutions of higher education in staff development , access course facilities [and so on] .

The first students were warmly welcomed by local Bridge of Allan residents , who donated ‘ starter kits ’ , of kitchen utensils , china etc .
the first students were warmly welcomed by local bridge of allan residents , who donated ‘ starter kits ’ , of kitchen utensils , china [and so on] .

• Package brochures must set out certain information which is not only the obvious ( price , what is in the package , etc ) , but other more mundane , but very important , matters such as how and when charges may be made/surcharges imposed , etc .
• package brochures must set out certain information which is not only the obvious ( price , what is in the package , [and so on] ) , but other more mundane , but very important , matters such as how and when charges may be made/surcharges imposed , [and so on] .

An easy party-trick demonstration is to take a paragraph and replace all the occurrences of most , many , few , lots , several , hardly any etc .
an easy party-trick demonstration is to take a paragraph and replace all the occurrences of most , many , few , lots , several , hardly any [and so on] .

Requirements for other researchers involve detailed specification of research topic , methods etc .
requirements for other researchers involve detailed specification of research topic , methods [and so on] .

advice , constructive criticism , collaboration , networking , stimulate enthusiasm , etc
advice , constructive criticism , collaboration , networking , stimulate enthusiasm , [and so on]

financial — photocopying etc … mutual support — talking through research techniques etc … embarking on collaborative research
financial — photocopying [and so on] … mutual support — talking through research techniques [and so on] … embarking on collaborative research

information about eg. contacts ( warm bodies ! ) , research in progress , conferences , seminars etc
information about eg. contacts ( warm bodies ! ) , research in progress , conferences , seminars [and so on]

network of those involved in similar fields , names of those willing to help with questionnaires etc , meetings , information , speakers on issues/techniques/work in progress
network of those involved in similar fields , names of those willing to help with questionnaires [and so on] , meetings , information , speakers on issues/techniques/work in progress

Classroom teachers are the last to be considered concerning views on teaching methods , discipline etc .
classroom teachers are the last to be considered concerning views on teaching methods , discipline [and so on] .

There are all the discos , nightclubs and raves , casinos and dog races etc .
there are all the discos , nightclubs and raves , casinos and dog races [and so on] .

You must then check that all instruments like the artificial horizon and altitude metre etc work .
you must then check that all instruments like the artificial horizon and altitude metre [and so on] work .

National Trust magazine etc .
national trust magazine [and so on] .

Rather than will you attend Convention 1993 what about Which conventions have you attending since joining or in the last ten years 1983 [ ] 1984[] 1985[] 1986[] etc etc
rather than will you attend convention 1993 what about which conventions have you attending since joining or in the last ten years 1983 [ ] 1984[] 1985[] 1986[] [and so on] [and so on]

And there will need to be a note on return address , return by date etc .
and there will need to be a note on return address , return by date [and so on] .

It was agreed to make a pictorial record of the village — houses , trees , buildings etc .
it was agreed to make a pictorial record of the village — houses , trees , buildings [and so on] .

Various other letters , pamphlets etc not directly involving the work of the Juniper Green Village Hall management committee .
various other letters , pamphlets [and so on] not directly involving the work of the juniper green village hall management committee .

Every speech-action includes the transmission of messages through the ‘ languages ’ of gesture , posture , clothing , hair-style , perfume , accent , social context etc .
every speech-action includes the transmission of messages through the ‘ languages ’ of gesture , posture , clothing , hair-style , perfume , accent , social context [and so on] .

He is looking for a contact in each region who he can ring monthly to find out what 's happening in the Community Care field that would be of particular interest to the Voluntary sector e.g. contracts , consultations etc .
he is looking for a contact in each region who he can ring monthly to find out what 's happening in the community care field that would be of particular interest to the voluntary sector e.g. contracts , consultations [and so on] .

It is proposed that staff will move to their new positions within Council Tax with effect from 29 March 1993 and files , personal possessions etc will be moved the weekend prior to this date .
it is proposed that staff will move to their new positions within council tax with effect from 29 march 1993 and files , personal possessions [and so on] will be moved the weekend prior to this date .

Although there is a reduction in the number of accounts of 44 % , after due consideration has been given to the anticipated workload arising from discounts/exemptions/second adult rebates etc the actual proposed staffing reduction is 15 % .
although there is a reduction in the number of accounts of 44 % , after due consideration has been given to the anticipated workload arising from discounts/exemptions/second adult rebates [and so on] the actual proposed staffing reduction is 15 % .

Individual members of staff within such a team would have particular responsibilities , so that one member of staff could be responsible for discounts , other members of staff having specific responsibility for assessment and exemptions etc .
individual members of staff within such a team would have particular responsibilities , so that one member of staff could be responsible for discounts , other members of staff having specific responsibility for assessment and exemptions [and so on] .

sides , rear boards , tarpaulins , sacks , etc .
sides , rear boards , tarpaulins , sacks , [and so on] .

This means that we can use them for the riding school , muck the out etc … and the owner pays for its feed .
this means that we can use them for the riding school , muck the out [and so on] … and the owner pays for its feed .

All the books ie text books , library books etc were sold off at say 2p or 10p per book .
all the books ie text books , library books [and so on] were sold off at say 2p or 10p per book .

My friend , who has stayed at the cottage before , is going up 24th or so for about a week , so there will be her rent @ £7 per day and electricity @ 10p per unit ( to cover standing charges etc ) to come to you in due course .
my friend , who has stayed at the cottage before , is going up 24th or so for about a week , so there will be her rent @ £7 per day and electricity @ 10p per unit ( to cover standing charges [and so on] ) to come to you in due course .

Ditto lavatory paper , soap , rubbish bags , shampoo etc .
ditto lavatory paper , soap , rubbish bags , shampoo [and so on] .

The awarding body must also develop all the necessary delivery mechanisms , such as assessment systems , quality assurance systems , certification systems , etc .
the awarding body must also develop all the necessary delivery mechanisms , such as assessment systems , quality assurance systems , certification systems , [and so on] .

The University does not undertake to pay for special materials , equipment , etc .
the university does not undertake to pay for special materials , equipment , [and so on] .

( heat & light etc . )
( heat & light [and so on] . )

Single students sharing a University-controlled flat will be paying approximately £40 per week , exclusive of the cost of heating , lighting , telephone , food etc ..
single students sharing a university-controlled flat will be paying approximately £40 per week , exclusive of the cost of heating , lighting , telephone , food [and so on] ..

After completing a core course in foundation subjects in general and applied linguistics , MSc students put together a personal programme of options chosen from a set of more than 25 courses ranging from highly practical topics like language teaching methodology , language testing , teacher education etc .
after completing a core course in foundation subjects in general and applied linguistics , msc students put together a personal programme of options chosen from a set of more than 25 courses ranging from highly practical topics like language teaching methodology , language testing , teacher education [and so on] .

Nonlinear waves and solitons , Bifurcation and chaos , Numerical methods for PDEs , etc ) , with oral examination .
nonlinear waves and solitons , bifurcation and chaos , numerical methods for pdes , [and so on] ) , with oral examination .

0thers examine the bearing of these debates on more substantive topics such as affirmative action , just war , welfare rights , etc .
0thers examine the bearing of these debates on more substantive topics such as affirmative action , just war , welfare rights , [and so on] .

‘ Thought it was n't for a woman , etc .
‘ thought it was n't for a woman , [and so on] .

They would arrange drawing facilities , appoint a local agent , etc .
they would arrange drawing facilities , appoint a local agent , [and so on] .

Well , ‘ love ’ was a strong word , etc .
well , ‘ love ’ was a strong word , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

At this point the sons are painfully and traumatically initiated — that is , they are subjected to brutal assaults , frightening experiences , are deprived of their mothers and all normal support and , usually at the climax of these experiences , are symbolically castrated by means of some customary mutilation ( very often the rather close equivalent represented by circumcision , but otherwise by knocking out of teeth , pulling out of nails , loss of fingers , etc . )
at this point the sons are painfully and traumatically initiated — that is , they are subjected to brutal assaults , frightening experiences , are deprived of their mothers and all normal support and , usually at the climax of these experiences , are symbolically castrated by means of some customary mutilation ( very often the rather close equivalent represented by circumcision , but otherwise by knocking out of teeth , pulling out of nails , loss of fingers , [and so on] . )

Although the sequence oral-anal-phallic seems to be , and indeed is , determined by the basic pattern of infantile physical development — oral dependence giving way to increasing control of the anal sphincter , followed by development of genital sensitivity , etc .
although the sequence oral-anal-phallic seems to be , and indeed is , determined by the basic pattern of infantile physical development — oral dependence giving way to increasing control of the anal sphincter , followed by development of genital sensitivity , [and so on] .

An inability to mature adequately out of the phallic , Oedipal phase will usually not only result in some degree of genital inhibition later in life and a fixation on infantile sexual gratifications such as masturbation , voyeurism , sado-masochism , etc .
an inability to mature adequately out of the phallic , oedipal phase will usually not only result in some degree of genital inhibition later in life and a fixation on infantile sexual gratifications such as masturbation , voyeurism , sado-masochism , [and so on] .

As these dates fall within the University teaching term it is important that you obtain details of visiting arrangements ( times , locations etc ) before you come and that you register your intention to attend with us .
as these dates fall within the university teaching term it is important that you obtain details of visiting arrangements ( times , locations [and so on] ) before you come and that you register your intention to attend with us .

Single students sharing a University-controlled flat will be paying approximately £40 per week , exclusive of the cost of heating , lighting , telephone and food , etc .
single students sharing a university-controlled flat will be paying approximately £40 per week , exclusive of the cost of heating , lighting , telephone and food , [and so on] .

They give details of what to expect of various opportunities open to you , and how to obtain further information on professional qualifications , future prospects , etc .
they give details of what to expect of various opportunities open to you , and how to obtain further information on professional qualifications , future prospects , [and so on] .

For flats and houses , if we assume an average rent of approximately £35 per week , this means a student will have £16.19 per week for food , heating , clothing , insurance and entertainment etc .
for flats and houses , if we assume an average rent of approximately £35 per week , this means a student will have £16.19 per week for food , heating , clothing , insurance and entertainment [and so on] .

Continuity is obviously important in foreign language study , and students are encouraged , in the time between school and university , to maintain a high level of contact with French in any way open to them ( newspapers , magazines , books , radio , television , films , visits etc . )
continuity is obviously important in foreign language study , and students are encouraged , in the time between school and university , to maintain a high level of contact with french in any way open to them ( newspapers , magazines , books , radio , television , films , visits [and so on] . )

The first-year Arabic course is primarily concerned with teaching Modern Standard Arabic , which is the form used for public purposes ( broadcasting , newspapers , etc ) .
the first-year arabic course is primarily concerned with teaching modern standard arabic , which is the form used for public purposes ( broadcasting , newspapers , [and so on] ) .

Basic courses in Christian Ethics cover the theological , philosophical and biblical roots of ethics and then move on to the consideration of various specific problem areas such as war and peace , social justice , sexual ethics , euthanasia , etc .
basic courses in christian ethics cover the theological , philosophical and biblical roots of ethics and then move on to the consideration of various specific problem areas such as war and peace , social justice , sexual ethics , euthanasia , [and so on] .

The department has a substantial programme of supervised field education which is an integral part of several of its courses , involving student placements in parishes , hospitals , industry , prisons and social work agencies , etc .
the department has a substantial programme of supervised field education which is an integral part of several of its courses , involving student placements in parishes , hospitals , industry , prisons and social work agencies , [and so on] .

They can then seek advice on courses , career prospects , etc , from staff of the different departments .
they can then seek advice on courses , career prospects , [and so on] , from staff of the different departments .

The remaining two thirds may be made up from a combination of full or half courses in many subject areas , for example chemistry , physics , maths , oceanography , geophysics , geographical sciences , meteorology , archaeology , astronomy , computer sciences , psychology , science studies , economics , arts subjects , languages , law , etc .
the remaining two thirds may be made up from a combination of full or half courses in many subject areas , for example chemistry , physics , maths , oceanography , geophysics , geographical sciences , meteorology , archaeology , astronomy , computer sciences , psychology , science studies , economics , arts subjects , languages , law , [and so on] .

One consequence of public anxiety is an increasing demand for scientists with the specific skills of chemists , geoscientists , biologists etc , who are aware of the contribution that their own discipline can make to understanding the environment and are sufficiently acquainted with other disciplines to enable them to work in multi-disciplinary teams .
one consequence of public anxiety is an increasing demand for scientists with the specific skills of chemists , geoscientists , biologists [and so on] , who are aware of the contribution that their own discipline can make to understanding the environment and are sufficiently acquainted with other disciplines to enable them to work in multi-disciplinary teams .

The remaining two thirds is made up of whole or half courses in chemistry , geography , biology , oceanography , global environmental processes , environmental chemistry , ecology , meteorology , archaeology , computer sciences , etc .
the remaining two thirds is made up of whole or half courses in chemistry , geography , biology , oceanography , global environmental processes , environmental chemistry , ecology , meteorology , archaeology , computer sciences , [and so on] .

He designs and manages the financial information system of the organisation , and the information which he provides goes beyond the organisation and its executives , to a variety of other users such as investors , prospective investors , creditors , government agencies , etc .
he designs and manages the financial information system of the organisation , and the information which he provides goes beyond the organisation and its executives , to a variety of other users such as investors , prospective investors , creditors , government agencies , [and so on] .

Indeed , comparison of managerial facilities and perquisites in the public and private sectors ( such as office furnishings , secretarial support , company cars , expense accounts , etc ) suggest that ‘ it is the private rather than the public sector that offers greater possibilities for at least these kinds of non-pecuniary consumption ’ ( Breton and Wintrobe , 1982 , p. 77 ) .
indeed , comparison of managerial facilities and perquisites in the public and private sectors ( such as office furnishings , secretarial support , company cars , expense accounts , [and so on] ) suggest that ‘ it is the private rather than the public sector that offers greater possibilities for at least these kinds of non-pecuniary consumption ’ ( breton and wintrobe , 1982 , p. 77 ) .

Some theorize that income distribution is mainly a result of government action ( wage policy , taxation , etc . )
some theorize that income distribution is mainly a result of government action ( wage policy , taxation , [and so on] . )

There are few countries which choose to rely on imports of basic cereals ( wheat , rice etc . )
there are few countries which choose to rely on imports of basic cereals ( wheat , rice [and so on] . )

In all of these biopsy specimens special stains for organisms ( fungi , acid and alcohol-fast bacilli , etc ) were negative .
in all of these biopsy specimens special stains for organisms ( fungi , acid and alcohol-fast bacilli , [and so on] ) were negative .

However , surgery is associated with a significant risk of early ( anastomotic leak , bowel necrosis , pneumothorax etc ) and late ( anastomotic strictures requiring dilatation , colonic herniation into pleura , etc ) complications .
however , surgery is associated with a significant risk of early ( anastomotic leak , bowel necrosis , pneumothorax [and so on] ) and late ( anastomotic strictures requiring dilatation , colonic herniation into pleura , [and so on] ) complications .

Osteonecrosis has been recognised during or after steroid treatment in several conditions such as renal homotransplants , lupus erythematosus , asthma , etc whereas osteonecrosis is reported only rarely during treatment with systemic steroids in ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease .
osteonecrosis has been recognised during or after steroid treatment in several conditions such as renal homotransplants , lupus erythematosus , asthma , [and so on] whereas osteonecrosis is reported only rarely during treatment with systemic steroids in ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease .

Although there is little evidence that any treatment changes the natural course of osteonecrosis , early diagnosis is important to be able to recommend the patient possible new job training , etc .
although there is little evidence that any treatment changes the natural course of osteonecrosis , early diagnosis is important to be able to recommend the patient possible new job training , [and so on] .

In this study , when only histamine was given to nude mice , increased vascular permeability mediated by intercation with histamine 1 receptor may have led to an enhancement of xenograft growth due to increased diffusion of nutrents etc , in addition to direct proliferative effects by a histamine 2 receptor .
in this study , when only histamine was given to nude mice , increased vascular permeability mediated by intercation with histamine 1 receptor may have led to an enhancement of xenograft growth due to increased diffusion of nutrents [and so on] , in addition to direct proliferative effects by a histamine 2 receptor .

They were the 70.2 % of a stratified random sample of women in this age group who accepted an invitation to have ultrasonography of the gall bladder and to answer questions about bowel function , etc .
they were the 70.2 % of a stratified random sample of women in this age group who accepted an invitation to have ultrasonography of the gall bladder and to answer questions about bowel function , [and so on] .

Most of these in Italy are in a poor condition as in Rome , Ascoli , Pompeii , Ostia , etc .
most of these in italy are in a poor condition as in rome , ascoli , pompeii , ostia , [and so on] .

The second part of the question should provoke a number of different answers perhaps related to the market for their product , competition , the economic situation etc .
the second part of the question should provoke a number of different answers perhaps related to the market for their product , competition , the economic situation [and so on] .

That accountancy is as yet an inexact science and depends on a number of judgements , estimates , etc .
that accountancy is as yet an inexact science and depends on a number of judgements , estimates , [and so on] .

Answer guide : Examples are : selling price , costs of manufacture , set up costs , marketing costs , etc .
answer guide : examples are : selling price , costs of manufacture , set up costs , marketing costs , [and so on] .

Answer guide : Examples are : size of market , competitors , technical specifications , etc .
answer guide : examples are : size of market , competitors , technical specifications , [and so on] .

The example can be used to explore ideas such as a fast write down to offset the effects of uncertainty , the basis on which estimates are made , etc .
the example can be used to explore ideas such as a fast write down to offset the effects of uncertainty , the basis on which estimates are made , [and so on] .

Answer guide : This example serves to illustrate the problem already identified with the microcomputer as the software has high development costs but can be superseded either by new versions of the same software as is the case for Lotus 123 , Word Perfect , etc .
answer guide : this example serves to illustrate the problem already identified with the microcomputer as the software has high development costs but can be superseded either by new versions of the same software as is the case for lotus 123 , word perfect , [and so on] .

The brothers found that on average over the six months they had incurred costs for advertising , petrol etc .
the brothers found that on average over the six months they had incurred costs for advertising , petrol [and so on] .

Examples could include prepayments , fixed assets , accruals , etc .
examples could include prepayments , fixed assets , accruals , [and so on] .

It will be used by owners , and other users for making decisions in respect of continued investment in that enterprise and help them to form a judgement of managers ' performance etc .
it will be used by owners , and other users for making decisions in respect of continued investment in that enterprise and help them to form a judgement of managers ' performance [and so on] .

Note : No balance sheet entries need to be or should be discussed at this stage as the students have not yet been exposed to debtors etc .
note : no balance sheet entries need to be or should be discussed at this stage as the students have not yet been exposed to debtors [and so on] .

For our answer we have made an arbitrary assumption that he uses his car for 80 % of the time for business and that half the repairs etc .
for our answer we have made an arbitrary assumption that he uses his car for 80 % of the time for business and that half the repairs [and so on] .

After cutting the material is passed through to the machining room where the sails are sewn up and the hanks etc .
after cutting the material is passed through to the machining room where the sails are sewn up and the hanks [and so on] .

Answer guide : The obvious answer relates to the prepayment in respect of rent for the quarter ; however , the question should be used to prompt students to think of other services etc .
answer guide : the obvious answer relates to the prepayment in respect of rent for the quarter ; however , the question should be used to prompt students to think of other services [and so on] .

Examples are electricity and other utilities , business rates , telephones , advertising , bank charges etc .
examples are electricity and other utilities , business rates , telephones , advertising , bank charges [and so on] .

Answer guide : Legal status , membership of company , dividends v. drawings , limited liability , audit , filing of accounts , etc .
answer guide : legal status , membership of company , dividends v. drawings , limited liability , audit , filing of accounts , [and so on] .

It is useful to use this opportunity to expand the discussion to take into account outside factors such as rising interest rates etc .
it is useful to use this opportunity to expand the discussion to take into account outside factors such as rising interest rates [and so on] .

Answer guide : This is intended to encourage discussion of the economic climate , the market for the goods produced , competition etc .
answer guide : this is intended to encourage discussion of the economic climate , the market for the goods produced , competition [and so on] .

The information in the annual accounts may not be suitable for the decision to be made in respect of planning , control , investment etc .
the information in the annual accounts may not be suitable for the decision to be made in respect of planning , control , investment [and so on] .

So , for example , they would know the current orders and be able to compare these with similar periods in the previous years , they would also have a ‘ feel ’ of production levels , stock levels etc .
so , for example , they would know the current orders and be able to compare these with similar periods in the previous years , they would also have a ‘ feel ’ of production levels , stock levels [and so on] .

Answer guide : Examples in the chapter were information on customers and debtors , information on costs , aged debtors etc .
answer guide : examples in the chapter were information on customers and debtors , information on costs , aged debtors [and so on] .

Answer guide : Some of the additional information you would need relates to cost by product , potential sales volume by product , price elasticity of demand , competitor prices etc .
answer guide : some of the additional information you would need relates to cost by product , potential sales volume by product , price elasticity of demand , competitor prices [and so on] .

Other divisions of income , apart from its overall size distribution , suggest themselves as relevant for certain issues ; so for example economic growth is associated with changes in shares of income generated in different sectors of the economy ( manufacturing , agriculture , etc . )
other divisions of income , apart from its overall size distribution , suggest themselves as relevant for certain issues ; so for example economic growth is associated with changes in shares of income generated in different sectors of the economy ( manufacturing , agriculture , [and so on] . )

; labour market analysis might suggest the relative fates of different economic groups ( professional versus manual , architects versus roadsweepers , etc . )
; labour market analysis might suggest the relative fates of different economic groups ( professional versus manual , architects versus roadsweepers , [and so on] . )

The decision to revolt is discussed in chapter 15 and turns on the evaluation of costs ( punishment for failure , injury risk , loss of property , etc . )
the decision to revolt is discussed in chapter 15 and turns on the evaluation of costs ( punishment for failure , injury risk , loss of property , [and so on] . )

To avoid the full regressive impact of the poll tax , it is possible to introduce rebates for old-age pensioners , low-income individuals , single-parent families , the disabled , etc .
to avoid the full regressive impact of the poll tax , it is possible to introduce rebates for old-age pensioners , low-income individuals , single-parent families , the disabled , [and so on] .

Instead of central boards to oversee services , such as education , fire protection , etc .
instead of central boards to oversee services , such as education , fire protection , [and so on] .

It must be noted , however , that the supply of labour is a multi-dimensional concept , so that the effect of taxation on labour supply may show up as : less effort while at work , emigration , longer holidays , shorter working lives , different occupational choices and associated human capital acquisition , etc .
it must be noted , however , that the supply of labour is a multi-dimensional concept , so that the effect of taxation on labour supply may show up as : less effort while at work , emigration , longer holidays , shorter working lives , different occupational choices and associated human capital acquisition , [and so on] .

The existence of economies of scale in family life ( bulk buying , spreading fixed costs , etc . )
the existence of economies of scale in family life ( bulk buying , spreading fixed costs , [and so on] . )

The user may make other additions to the module header , including the description , references etc .
the user may make other additions to the module header , including the description , references [and so on] .

Many such objects are quickly generated , and copies may be held offline , as security backups , microfiche , etc .
many such objects are quickly generated , and copies may be held offline , as security backups , microfiche , [and so on] .

Take great care not to delete any semi-colons , vertical bars etc .
take great care not to delete any semi-colons , vertical bars [and so on] .

Unless otherwise specified , all fields have a maximum length of 20 characters , including colons , square brackets , etc .
unless otherwise specified , all fields have a maximum length of 20 characters , including colons , square brackets , [and so on] .

Requirement specifiers , software designers and programmers etc .
requirement specifiers , software designers and programmers [and so on] .

This includes operating systems , compilers , system libraries etc .
this includes operating systems , compilers , system libraries [and so on] .

3 — if the latest 3 issues are to be checked , etc .
3 — if the latest 3 issues are to be checked , [and so on] .

owner ) , module names to dc modules etc .
owner ) , module names to dc modules [and so on] .

Etc Etc
[and so on] [and so on]

Etc etc
[and so on] [and so on]

The actual content ( Anthrax plus hooker 's breasts , Manitoba 's Wild Kingdom plus a junk food mountain etc etc ad nauseum ) is insulting enough but the video magazine format soon gets right up your nose .
the actual content ( anthrax plus hooker 's breasts , manitoba 's wild kingdom plus a junk food mountain [and so on] [and so on] ad nauseum ) is insulting enough but the video magazine format soon gets right up your nose .

However , events such as annual fairs were often celebrated long afterwards on Old May Day , Old Michaelmas , etc .
however , events such as annual fairs were often celebrated long afterwards on old may day , old michaelmas , [and so on] .

‘ By means of it ’ , the directory informs us , ‘ vessels trade regularly to London , Hull , and various parts of Yorkshire , carrying out corn and wool , and bringing in return timber , coals , groceries , etc ’ .
‘ by means of it ’ , the directory informs us , ‘ vessels trade regularly to london , hull , and various parts of yorkshire , carrying out corn and wool , and bringing in return timber , coals , groceries , [and so on] ’ .

Amongst the familiar occupations were traders in more unusual commodities such as the 2 ginger beer makers , 7 guano , etc .
amongst the familiar occupations were traders in more unusual commodities such as the 2 ginger beer makers , 7 guano , [and so on] .

merchants ( artificial manures , etc . )
merchants ( artificial manures , [and so on] . )

These magazines concentrate on discriminating travel , food , fashion , nature subjects , archaeology etc , always with extensive and beautiful pictorial coverage and written by the best authors in their respective fields .
these magazines concentrate on discriminating travel , food , fashion , nature subjects , archaeology [and so on] , always with extensive and beautiful pictorial coverage and written by the best authors in their respective fields .

Full of excellent computer graphic techniques , and high resolution images of nebulae etc … ( 30 mins approx . )
full of excellent computer graphic techniques , and high resolution images of nebulae [and so on] … ( 30 mins approx . )

Data is normally organised by : position ( e.g stacks , queues etc . )
data is normally organised by : position ( e.g stacks , queues [and so on] . )

An entity is any chemical or isotopically distinct atom , molecule , ion , radical , complex , etc .
an entity is any chemical or isotopically distinct atom , molecule , ion , radical , complex , [and so on] .

In this phase the centre of sensual pleasure for the child is found in the mouth , thus the child enjoys placing various things in his/her mouth , sucking his/her thumb , etc .
in this phase the centre of sensual pleasure for the child is found in the mouth , thus the child enjoys placing various things in his/her mouth , sucking his/her thumb , [and so on] .

Donna was delighted by the present of baby toys , clothes , etc .
donna was delighted by the present of baby toys , clothes , [and so on] .

If we define feminism as the consciousness of women regarding the fact that they are subjugated , exploited etc .
if we define feminism as the consciousness of women regarding the fact that they are subjugated , exploited [and so on] .

Women have been central in the leadership , organisation and maintaining of these structures , dealing with health care , education , food production and distribution , the internal economy etc .
women have been central in the leadership , organisation and maintaining of these structures , dealing with health care , education , food production and distribution , the internal economy [and so on] .

Prevention becomes genetic screening or ’ gene therapy ’ instead of the actual prevention of ill-health in the first place : good primary health care , cleaning the environment of reproductive health hazards ( radiation contamination etc . )
prevention becomes genetic screening or ’ gene therapy ’ instead of the actual prevention of ill-health in the first place : good primary health care , cleaning the environment of reproductive health hazards ( radiation contamination [and so on] . )

The research did illuminate that discriminatory policies and practices carried out within local authority departments etc .
the research did illuminate that discriminatory policies and practices carried out within local authority departments [and so on] .

The dunderheads etc wander in and out picking hungrily at the remains of a beetroot salad .
the dunderheads [and so on] wander in and out picking hungrily at the remains of a beetroot salad .

This is largely financial information and it is helpful that investors also understand what the management is like , etc .
this is largely financial information and it is helpful that investors also understand what the management is like , [and so on] .

Recognise weight of fonts : Bold , Light etc ;
recognise weight of fonts : bold , light [and so on] ;

Mark font and size changes in output text file for conversion from paper databases etc .
mark font and size changes in output text file for conversion from paper databases [and so on] .

Priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to generate a desire amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .
priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , [and so on] , and to find ways to generate a desire amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .

describe the anticipated effect on progress and interference with the works state the measures proposed to remedy the delay , etc .
describe the anticipated effect on progress and interference with the works state the measures proposed to remedy the delay , [and so on] .

for each disruptive event or each element of extra work , the clause(s) under which the claim is made and the facts to which it relates , including full quotations from contract documents supporting drawings and photographs , etc .
for each disruptive event or each element of extra work , the clause(s) under which the claim is made and the facts to which it relates , including full quotations from contract documents supporting drawings and photographs , [and so on] .

What area ( sensorial , art etc ) needs most development in your group ?
what area ( sensorial , art [and so on] ) needs most development in your group ?

being cared for , sharing together etc .
being cared for , sharing together [and so on] .

While engravings of Queen Victoria were widely used to advertise Bovril , soap etc , most manufacturers drew the line at depicting the royal personage on their actual packaging .
while engravings of queen victoria were widely used to advertise bovril , soap [and so on] , most manufacturers drew the line at depicting the royal personage on their actual packaging .

The pressure of this or that requirement or directive , together with the environment in which one happens to be , for example working under an agnostic headteacher , or a staunch Christian one , or with an enthusiastic multi-faith team , etc .
the pressure of this or that requirement or directive , together with the environment in which one happens to be , for example working under an agnostic headteacher , or a staunch christian one , or with an enthusiastic multi-faith team , [and so on] .

The Earl of Jersey noted that in Kent , towards the end of Anne 's reign , `` Postboys , Examiners , etc .
the earl of jersey noted that in kent , towards the end of anne 's reign , `` postboys , examiners , [and so on] .

All ones here , twos here , threes here etc . ``
all ones here , twos here , threes here [and so on] . ``

Her mother and father are worried about the mess it will make in the house , how to look after it , etc .
her mother and father are worried about the mess it will make in the house , how to look after it , [and so on] .

Set up situations in which there is a larger place within which the small group work takes place : a castle , for example , within which there are various small groups , each involved in different activities — cooking , cleaning armour , building new fortifications , growing food , etc .
set up situations in which there is a larger place within which the small group work takes place : a castle , for example , within which there are various small groups , each involved in different activities — cooking , cleaning armour , building new fortifications , growing food , [and so on] .

Calling out one 's own name plus one person to the right , then two , three , etc .
calling out one 's own name plus one person to the right , then two , three , [and so on] .

High status : King , Queen , Captain on a ship ( or spaceship ) , leader of the expedition , leader of the village , headteacher , team leader , athletics coach , managing director , etc .
high status : king , queen , captain on a ship ( or spaceship ) , leader of the expedition , leader of the village , headteacher , team leader , athletics coach , managing director , [and so on] .

Low status : beggar , traveller seeking help , plague victim , shipwrecked sailor , refugee , apprentice , etc .
low status : beggar , traveller seeking help , plague victim , shipwrecked sailor , refugee , apprentice , [and so on] .

Ask the audience about the effect of specific aspects of the scene — eye contact , use of levels , distance between people etc .
ask the audience about the effect of specific aspects of the scene — eye contact , use of levels , distance between people [and so on] .

The material ( the letters , the maps , the inventories , etc . )
the material ( the letters , the maps , the inventories , [and so on] . )

After looking at various books and pictures of English rural life they decide what jobs they will have in this community — fishing , farming , milling , etc .
after looking at various books and pictures of english rural life they decide what jobs they will have in this community — fishing , farming , milling , [and so on] .

The category comprises : a ) payments to the Exchequer net of expenditure by it ; b ) the proceeds of net official sales of government debt ( gilts , National savings , treasury bills etc . )
the category comprises : a ) payments to the exchequer net of expenditure by it ; b ) the proceeds of net official sales of government debt ( gilts , national savings , treasury bills [and so on] . )

Indeed , primary eurobond operations are often categorised as `` loss-leaders `` , making low or negative profits to attract clients to other operations ( equity issuance , financial advice , bank lending , etc . )
indeed , primary eurobond operations are often categorised as `` loss-leaders `` , making low or negative profits to attract clients to other operations ( equity issuance , financial advice , bank lending , [and so on] . )

Capital costs , in terms of dealing rooms , finance for underwriting , expertise , etc .
capital costs , in terms of dealing rooms , finance for underwriting , expertise , [and so on] .

Until the mid-seventeenth century the essential distinction ( oversimplifying somewhat ) was that between ambassadors , either ordinary ones resident for some length of time or extraordinary ones sent for some special and limited purpose , and lesser diplomatic representatives referred to by a variety of different titles — resident , minister , agent , etc .
until the mid-seventeenth century the essential distinction ( oversimplifying somewhat ) was that between ambassadors , either ordinary ones resident for some length of time or extraordinary ones sent for some special and limited purpose , and lesser diplomatic representatives referred to by a variety of different titles — resident , minister , agent , [and so on] .

excluding messengers , doorkeepers , etc . )
excluding messengers , doorkeepers , [and so on] . )

The contrasted physical appearance of the different `` races `` of man ( stature , body shape , skin colour , hair-form etc . )
the contrasted physical appearance of the different `` races `` of man ( stature , body shape , skin colour , hair-form [and so on] . )

It would certainly include : the physical lay-out of the houses we live in and of the settlements of which they form a part ; the general pattern of conventional procedures by which foodstuffs and other necessities of life are produced and distributed and finally consumed ; the way children are brought up ; the way tasks are allocated to different members of the household ; the ideas we have about the nature of reality and of the cosmos , our sense of what is the proper way to behave towards kin and neighbours and persons in authority ; the kinds of clothes and the styles of language which are appropriate to different occasions , etc .
it would certainly include : the physical lay-out of the houses we live in and of the settlements of which they form a part ; the general pattern of conventional procedures by which foodstuffs and other necessities of life are produced and distributed and finally consumed ; the way children are brought up ; the way tasks are allocated to different members of the household ; the ideas we have about the nature of reality and of the cosmos , our sense of what is the proper way to behave towards kin and neighbours and persons in authority ; the kinds of clothes and the styles of language which are appropriate to different occasions , [and so on] .

But words which serve such comprehensive purposes are clearly very different kinds of words from the ordinary English terms `` father `` , `` mother `` etc .
but words which serve such comprehensive purposes are clearly very different kinds of words from the ordinary english terms `` father `` , `` mother `` [and so on] .

The basis of the whole exercise is the assumption that , in any ordinary human language , the set of terms which can be glossed as `` father `` , `` mother `` , `` brother `` , `` sister `` etc .
the basis of the whole exercise is the assumption that , in any ordinary human language , the set of terms which can be glossed as `` father `` , `` mother `` , `` brother `` , `` sister `` [and so on] .

First of all it brings out the functionalist point that the different `` aspects `` of social relationship , in the fields of kinship , economy , politics , law , religion etc .
first of all it brings out the functionalist point that the different `` aspects `` of social relationship , in the fields of kinship , economy , politics , law , religion [and so on] .

On the appointed day the parents of the groom sent presents of betel , cakes , fruit , etc .
on the appointed day the parents of the groom sent presents of betel , cakes , fruit , [and so on] .

Establishing etc collective investment schemes
establishing [and so on] collective investment schemes

disposer:directors , managers , their close relatives ( spouse , children , etc )
disposer:directors , managers , their close relatives ( spouse , children , [and so on] )

acquiror : people who are to be directors , managers etc and their close relatives
acquiror : people who are to be directors , managers [and so on] and their close relatives

exchange , conversion , change in terms etc of securities
exchange , conversion , change in terms [and so on] of securities

reduction of share capital or share premium account , scheme of arrangement etc
reduction of share capital or share premium account , scheme of arrangement [and so on]

company profile ( history , current financial position , markets , management and corporate structure , prospects , forecasts , commitments , risk profile etc )
company profile ( history , current financial position , markets , management and corporate structure , prospects , forecasts , commitments , risk profile [and so on] )

new aspects introduced by the transaction ( eg currency exposure , new markets , cultural differences , regulatory differences etc )
new aspects introduced by the transaction ( eg currency exposure , new markets , cultural differences , regulatory differences [and so on] )

If this rule is not complied with , the issuer is guilty of an offence , any subsequent contract etc entered into may be unenforceable and the issuer of the advertisement may face criminal charges and/or fines .
if this rule is not complied with , the issuer is guilty of an offence , any subsequent contract [and so on] entered into may be unenforceable and the issuer of the advertisement may face criminal charges and/or fines .

a person whose business or employment involves the dissemination of information concerning investments through newspapers , journals , magazines etc ;
a person whose business or employment involves the dissemination of information concerning investments through newspapers , journals , magazines [and so on] ;

What are the maintainable profits of the business ? Do expenses include non-recurring items or non-standard items eg management charges , substantial pension payments , items of personal expenditure ( vendor 's gardener , golf club subscription etc ) , and research and marketing expenditure in advance of new product launches ? ( see Chapter 08 for a more complete list ) .
what are the maintainable profits of the business ? do expenses include non-recurring items or non-standard items eg management charges , substantial pension payments , items of personal expenditure ( vendor 's gardener , golf club subscription [and so on] ) , and research and marketing expenditure in advance of new product launches ? ( see chapter 08 for a more complete list ) .

Remember this information is valuable to a competitor especially employee names etc .
remember this information is valuable to a competitor especially employee names [and so on] .

appraisal data — consider stockturn etc for reasonableness
appraisal data — consider stockturn [and so on] for reasonableness

The Information memorandum should not contain any business valuation reports , etc .
the information memorandum should not contain any business valuation reports , [and so on] .

the policy for holiday pay accrual etc ) to the purchase and sale agreement .
the policy for holiday pay accrual [and so on] ) to the purchase and sale agreement .

When your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , etc .
when your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , [and so on] .

Ensure your client has properly and adequately identified the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , etc . )
ensure your client has properly and adequately identified the acquisition target to be contacted ( proper corporate name , location , [and so on] . )

However , that will not be possible if third party consents , etc .
however , that will not be possible if third party consents , [and so on] .

0702.6 Covenants , trading , pensions , etc
0702.6 covenants , trading , pensions , [and so on]

pensions , etc .
pensions , [and so on] .

If there are any pre transfer dismissals connected with the sale — liability to pay contractual damages redundancy etc may pass to the purchaser .
if there are any pre transfer dismissals connected with the sale — liability to pay contractual damages redundancy [and so on] may pass to the purchaser .

0703.10 Covenants , trading etc
0703.10 covenants , trading [and so on]

Provision for restrictions on future business , trading agreements , sharing of facilities agreements , key employees , etc , as in a sale of shares agreement .
provision for restrictions on future business , trading agreements , sharing of facilities agreements , key employees , [and so on] , as in a sale of shares agreement .

In practice , it is standard for agreements to seek to exclude any liability for pre-contractual representations by including entire agreement provisions under which the acquirer confirms that it is not relying on any representations , etc .
in practice , it is standard for agreements to seek to exclude any liability for pre-contractual representations by including entire agreement provisions under which the acquirer confirms that it is not relying on any representations , [and so on] .

In many lawyers opinions such phases reduce the viability of the warranty totally since to prove such knowledge etc .
in many lawyers opinions such phases reduce the viability of the warranty totally since to prove such knowledge [and so on] .

Copies of accounts , Memoranda and Articles of Association , etc .
copies of accounts , memoranda and articles of association , [and so on] .

Working capital/loans etc
working capital/loans [and so on]

The staff and management of a ‘ people ’ business such as an advertising agency , design consultancy etc are the main asset of that business .
the staff and management of a ‘ people ’ business such as an advertising agency , design consultancy [and so on] are the main asset of that business .

In determining an appropriate dividend yield , regard should be had not only for comparable public company yields but allowance should also be made for factors such as non-negotiability , dividend cover , asset backing etc .
in determining an appropriate dividend yield , regard should be had not only for comparable public company yields but allowance should also be made for factors such as non-negotiability , dividend cover , asset backing [and so on] .

Throughout the programme the recording of communications with any external party — eg the Panel , the Target , the Target 's advisers etc — is vital .
throughout the programme the recording of communications with any external party — eg the panel , the target , the target 's advisers [and so on] — is vital .

minimum net assets etc .
minimum net assets [and so on] .

This search can be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of companies is identified .
this search can be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location [and so on] , until a short list of companies is identified .

The scope of a pro-active search will not normally extend to a fully detailed analysis of a specific company , competitors , forecasts etc .
the scope of a pro-active search will not normally extend to a fully detailed analysis of a specific company , competitors , forecasts [and so on] .

Purchases and vendor 's tax positions vis a vis capital , income , losses carried forward etc .
purchases and vendor 's tax positions vis a vis capital , income , losses carried forward [and so on] .

Even when not specifically commissioned it is helpful to provide a brief market overview ( size , trends , structure etc ) .
even when not specifically commissioned it is helpful to provide a brief market overview ( size , trends , structure [and so on] ) .

In any event , a minimum interview programme should be undertaken , at least of the short list , among customers , suppliers , competitors , industry ‘ experts ’ , trade bodies , at trade fairs etc .
in any event , a minimum interview programme should be undertaken , at least of the short list , among customers , suppliers , competitors , industry ‘ experts ’ , trade bodies , at trade fairs [and so on] .

The scope of a pro-active search will not normally extend to a fully detailed analysis of a specific company , competitors , forecasts etc .
the scope of a pro-active search will not normally extend to a fully detailed analysis of a specific company , competitors , forecasts [and so on] .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate [and so on] ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate [and so on] ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting workin indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting workin indicating that interest ( at a specified rate [and so on] ) will be charged for late payment .

This search could be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of say [ specify number , eg 15 ] companies is identified .
this search could be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location [and so on] , until a short list of say [ specify number , eg 15 ] companies is identified .

If appropriate , consider inserting working indicating that interest ( at a specific rate etc ) will be charge for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting working indicating that interest ( at a specific rate [and so on] ) will be charge for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate [and so on] ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate [and so on] ) will be charged for late payment .

The purchaser may be seeking to ensure that invoices are not raised pre-acquisition for deliveries to be made post-acquisition and also to ensure that full account is taken of any potential refunds etc which may be due to customers as a result of estimated prices being used .
the purchaser may be seeking to ensure that invoices are not raised pre-acquisition for deliveries to be made post-acquisition and also to ensure that full account is taken of any potential refunds [and so on] which may be due to customers as a result of estimated prices being used .

material to be presented . The credibility of a purchaser can be improved by use of the purchaser 's material , including accounts , videos etc ;
material to be presented . the credibility of a purchaser can be improved by use of the purchaser 's material , including accounts , videos [and so on] ;

past levels of turnover , proper recording of information , etc .
past levels of turnover , proper recording of information , [and so on] .

The resulting breviate will provide swift and informative access to information relating to Scottish affairs in ‘ white papers ’ , ‘ blue books ’ etc … The subject areas particularly emphasised will include legal history , local government industrial history , social conditions , housing , penal history , the history of Scottish institutions , local history , statistical data and the development of the Scottish education system .
the resulting breviate will provide swift and informative access to information relating to scottish affairs in ‘ white papers ’ , ‘ blue books ’ [and so on] … the subject areas particularly emphasised will include legal history , local government industrial history , social conditions , housing , penal history , the history of scottish institutions , local history , statistical data and the development of the scottish education system .

The third aspect examined is the inquiry by the Conservative Research Department into tariffs during 1930 , and in particular the correspondence etc between the committee and industrial organisations , together with the development of the committee 's ideas .
the third aspect examined is the inquiry by the conservative research department into tariffs during 1930 , and in particular the correspondence [and so on] between the committee and industrial organisations , together with the development of the committee 's ideas .

First , the development of Keynes ' economic thought has never been adequately related to the historical situation of Western societies in his day -- which included not just the institutions of capitalism but also massive political disturbances such as the Bolshevik Revolution , the rise of Fascism , the two world wars , etc .
first , the development of keynes ' economic thought has never been adequately related to the historical situation of western societies in his day -- which included not just the institutions of capitalism but also massive political disturbances such as the bolshevik revolution , the rise of fascism , the two world wars , [and so on] .

This research intends to help plug this gap , using the example of women 's initiatives in local government ( women 's committees etc ) which seek to improve the social and economic position of women both inside councils and in their local areas .
this research intends to help plug this gap , using the example of women 's initiatives in local government ( women 's committees [and so on] ) which seek to improve the social and economic position of women both inside councils and in their local areas .

Particular attention will be paid to the recent employment record and other current employment practices of the establishments concerned , to their industrial relations situation and recent record , and to their background characteristics such as size , industry , ownership etc .
particular attention will be paid to the recent employment record and other current employment practices of the establishments concerned , to their industrial relations situation and recent record , and to their background characteristics such as size , industry , ownership [and so on] .

In addition to the factors considered by the investigators in using the 1980 data , the role of the Marshallion Laws of Derived Demand will be investigated using the information on market structure , product price sensitive , labour cost ratios etc .
in addition to the factors considered by the investigators in using the 1980 data , the role of the marshallion laws of derived demand will be investigated using the information on market structure , product price sensitive , labour cost ratios [and so on] .

The former being concerned with specialist applications ( eg lawyers , pharmacists , farmers , etc ) ; the latter with more general applications ( eg spreadsheets , data management , wordprocessing , etc ) .
the former being concerned with specialist applications ( eg lawyers , pharmacists , farmers , [and so on] ) ; the latter with more general applications ( eg spreadsheets , data management , wordprocessing , [and so on] ) .

awareness of the immediate claims of the Broad Strategy eg the claim for a 32 hour , 4 day week , etc ;
awareness of the immediate claims of the broad strategy eg the claim for a 32 hour , 4 day week , [and so on] ;

Journals , books , conference proceedings , etc .
journals , books , conference proceedings , [and so on] .

The labour supply ( including such important aspects as participation , working hours , retirement age , etc ) labour productivity and the role of new technology , structural changes affecting investment trends and other areas such as training , will also be dealt with in some detail .
the labour supply ( including such important aspects as participation , working hours , retirement age , [and so on] ) labour productivity and the role of new technology , structural changes affecting investment trends and other areas such as training , will also be dealt with in some detail .

The aim of this project is to analyse the economic effects of alternative prevention policies such as , for example , tax hikes , controls over advertising or sport sponsorship , changes in licensing laws or sales outlets , sustained public education campaigns etc . It seeks :
the aim of this project is to analyse the economic effects of alternative prevention policies such as , for example , tax hikes , controls over advertising or sport sponsorship , changes in licensing laws or sales outlets , sustained public education campaigns [and so on] . it seeks :

The research aims to gather enough empirical information about the development of a number of technologies to be able to apply quantitative techniques to identify elementary trends in the evolution of technologies ( for example the substitution of one technology by another one , processes of specialization , the appearance of completely new technologies etc ) .
the research aims to gather enough empirical information about the development of a number of technologies to be able to apply quantitative techniques to identify elementary trends in the evolution of technologies ( for example the substitution of one technology by another one , processes of specialization , the appearance of completely new technologies [and so on] ) .

The intention is to identify the role that both the type of assistance ( in terms of its purpose and form ) and the characteristics of the recipient establishment ( in terms of its size , capital-intensity , etc ) play in determining the cost-effectiveness of financial assistance .
the intention is to identify the role that both the type of assistance ( in terms of its purpose and form ) and the characteristics of the recipient establishment ( in terms of its size , capital-intensity , [and so on] ) play in determining the cost-effectiveness of financial assistance .

The centrally planned economies of Eastern Europe have experienced a serious deterioration in economic performance in the 1970s : growth slowdown and occasional decline , external imbalance , growing foreign indebtedness , rising open and repressed inflation , shortages , informal markets , etc .
the centrally planned economies of eastern europe have experienced a serious deterioration in economic performance in the 1970s : growth slowdown and occasional decline , external imbalance , growing foreign indebtedness , rising open and repressed inflation , shortages , informal markets , [and so on] .

Macroeconomic inefficiency and macroeconomic imbalances built into the system , and the centralisation of political power , have combined with adverse international factors ( the oil crisis ; world trade stagnation , changes in terms of trade , rising interest rates , international inflation , rising cost of Western technology transfer , etc ) to produce a crisis of exceptional depth and duration .
macroeconomic inefficiency and macroeconomic imbalances built into the system , and the centralisation of political power , have combined with adverse international factors ( the oil crisis ; world trade stagnation , changes in terms of trade , rising interest rates , international inflation , rising cost of western technology transfer , [and so on] ) to produce a crisis of exceptional depth and duration .

distinction is made only between cases where countries reschedule their foreign debt and those where they do not ; alternative strategies such as refinancing , restructuring , foreign exchange controls , etc , are ignored , and
distinction is made only between cases where countries reschedule their foreign debt and those where they do not ; alternative strategies such as refinancing , restructuring , foreign exchange controls , [and so on] , are ignored , and

The effect , for example , of increasing public expenditure or reducing interest rates on output , employment , inflation , the balance of payments , the money supply etc , can be investigated .
the effect , for example , of increasing public expenditure or reducing interest rates on output , employment , inflation , the balance of payments , the money supply [and so on] , can be investigated .

Information will be collected from various publications which provide data on output , exports , market shares etc .
information will be collected from various publications which provide data on output , exports , market shares [and so on] .

The debate about expectations formation has diverted attention from more fundamental issues in economics , such as the degree of market clearing , the degree of substitutability between assets , etc .
the debate about expectations formation has diverted attention from more fundamental issues in economics , such as the degree of market clearing , the degree of substitutability between assets , [and so on] .

This survey is a comprehensive source of information on various aspects of earnings , including the make-up of earnings ( gross , shift , incentive pay , etc ) , whether the employee was covered by a collective agreement , the occupation of the employee , etc .
this survey is a comprehensive source of information on various aspects of earnings , including the make-up of earnings ( gross , shift , incentive pay , [and so on] ) , whether the employee was covered by a collective agreement , the occupation of the employee , [and so on] .

Group Issue is on offer to organisations with changing populations ie , hospitals , day care centres etc .
group issue is on offer to organisations with changing populations ie , hospitals , day care centres [and so on] .

The core of the research examines by way of in-depth interviews , the attitudes , roles , strategies and dilemmas of accountants , solicitors , barristers , tax consultants etc .
the core of the research examines by way of in-depth interviews , the attitudes , roles , strategies and dilemmas of accountants , solicitors , barristers , tax consultants [and so on] .

ii ) to examine the characteristics of different fractions of the middle class , using indicators such as length of residence , income , consumption patterns , labour market characteristics , etc .
ii ) to examine the characteristics of different fractions of the middle class , using indicators such as length of residence , income , consumption patterns , labour market characteristics , [and so on] .

En route , interviews will also be carried out with other actors in the network contributing to the introduction of this innovatory cooking process ; the advertisers , cookery magazines , consumer protection bodies etc .
en route , interviews will also be carried out with other actors in the network contributing to the introduction of this innovatory cooking process ; the advertisers , cookery magazines , consumer protection bodies [and so on] .

The approach takes account of ethnic relations , not by studying particular ethnic groups per se , but by studying the processes by which different groups on the estates — black and white , young and elderly , male and female , etc — construct and destroy relationships ; and the influences on the processes exerted by the respective communities .
the approach takes account of ethnic relations , not by studying particular ethnic groups per se , but by studying the processes by which different groups on the estates — black and white , young and elderly , male and female , [and so on] — construct and destroy relationships ; and the influences on the processes exerted by the respective communities .

In terms of outcomes , it is anticipated that the research will be of direct practical relevance to work in a variety of context such as neighbourhood policing schemes , juvenile liaison and diversion schemes , reparation and victim-support projects , multi-agency work on drug problems , neighbourhood watch projects , etc .
in terms of outcomes , it is anticipated that the research will be of direct practical relevance to work in a variety of context such as neighbourhood policing schemes , juvenile liaison and diversion schemes , reparation and victim-support projects , multi-agency work on drug problems , neighbourhood watch projects , [and so on] .

Inability of the policewoman to provide the ‘ deterrent presence ’ often required of police during industrial disputes etc ;
inability of the policewoman to provide the ‘ deterrent presence ’ often required of police during industrial disputes [and so on] ;

This study surveys and analyses the understanding of science found among members of social and organisational groups likely to be involved in the process of identifying strategic research areas in science such as scientists , managers , civil servants etc .
this study surveys and analyses the understanding of science found among members of social and organisational groups likely to be involved in the process of identifying strategic research areas in science such as scientists , managers , civil servants [and so on] .

an analysis of the relationship between inputs ( funding , manpower ) and outputs ( eg publications , citations ) and of the determinants of research performance ; in particular , the research will examine the extent to which successful performance depends on the resources available as opposed to other factors ( for example , institutional environment , organizational structure , etc ) , and how these various factors interact ;
an analysis of the relationship between inputs ( funding , manpower ) and outputs ( eg publications , citations ) and of the determinants of research performance ; in particular , the research will examine the extent to which successful performance depends on the resources available as opposed to other factors ( for example , institutional environment , organizational structure , [and so on] ) , and how these various factors interact ;

In addition to this descriptive overview , issues which will also be discussed include : the relationship between ‘ theory ’ and ‘ practice ’ in crime prevention ; how and why activities come to be defined as crime prevention activities ; changes in the role of crime prevention officers and the increasing importance ( in theory , at least ) of crime prevention in the work of all police officers ; liaison with non-police bodies including crime prevention panels , neighbourhood watch schemes , schools etc .
in addition to this descriptive overview , issues which will also be discussed include : the relationship between ‘ theory ’ and ‘ practice ’ in crime prevention ; how and why activities come to be defined as crime prevention activities ; changes in the role of crime prevention officers and the increasing importance ( in theory , at least ) of crime prevention in the work of all police officers ; liaison with non-police bodies including crime prevention panels , neighbourhood watch schemes , schools [and so on] .

Increasingly , these forest resources have become the focus of competing uses and understanding among the various interested parties — local communities , West African governments , international conservation and development agencies , private timber companies , etc .
increasingly , these forest resources have become the focus of competing uses and understanding among the various interested parties — local communities , west african governments , international conservation and development agencies , private timber companies , [and so on] .

Many studies of unemployment have been concerned to identify the various factors ( age , health , skill , social class , race , sex , etc ) which influence the length of time spent unemployed , the frequency of spells of unemployment and the categories of people who suffer disproportionately from job loss .
many studies of unemployment have been concerned to identify the various factors ( age , health , skill , social class , race , sex , [and so on] ) which influence the length of time spent unemployed , the frequency of spells of unemployment and the categories of people who suffer disproportionately from job loss .

The present research is designed to investigate the effects of a somewhat different range of factors ( for example , net income , religious/ethnic affiliation , family and social networks , perceived level of local unemployment , experience of previous unemployment , types of activities engaged in , including activity in the black economy , attitudes to work , etc ) on the experience of , and ability to manage and cope with , a period of unemployment .
the present research is designed to investigate the effects of a somewhat different range of factors ( for example , net income , religious/ethnic affiliation , family and social networks , perceived level of local unemployment , experience of previous unemployment , types of activities engaged in , including activity in the black economy , attitudes to work , [and so on] ) on the experience of , and ability to manage and cope with , a period of unemployment .

The authorities are being divided by class ( counties etc ) and by sector ( primary etc ) as well as by category of expenditure .
the authorities are being divided by class ( counties [and so on] ) and by sector ( primary [and so on] ) as well as by category of expenditure .

An additional aspect of the study is to identify the manner in which British buyers use their French properties ( as second-homes , for rent as a holiday home , for retirement , as a new permanent home , etc ) and to consider the reactions of local communities to an influx of British home owners .
an additional aspect of the study is to identify the manner in which british buyers use their french properties ( as second-homes , for rent as a holiday home , for retirement , as a new permanent home , [and so on] ) and to consider the reactions of local communities to an influx of british home owners .

The landscape manager faces major practical difficulties due to lack of basic information , including the extent and location of the individual elements of land cover ( woodlands , moorlands , farmland , etc ) or the way in which these elements make up the landscape .
the landscape manager faces major practical difficulties due to lack of basic information , including the extent and location of the individual elements of land cover ( woodlands , moorlands , farmland , [and so on] ) or the way in which these elements make up the landscape .

Despite this , notions of community management and people 's participation are central to contemporary strategies of environmental rehabilitation in various sectors ( irrigation , forestry , pasture etc . )
despite this , notions of community management and people 's participation are central to contemporary strategies of environmental rehabilitation in various sectors ( irrigation , forestry , pasture [and so on] . )

In the recent past agricultural policies have generated pressure to extend and intensify production , particularly of arable crops , leading to undesirable changes in the countryside such as removal of trees and hedges , soil erosion , nitrate pollution of groundwater etc .
in the recent past agricultural policies have generated pressure to extend and intensify production , particularly of arable crops , leading to undesirable changes in the countryside such as removal of trees and hedges , soil erosion , nitrate pollution of groundwater [and so on] .

If this term is to have any validity , then a large number of 14-year-olds , covering a wide spectrum of ability , social class etc , should have been tested , their results analysed , and a ‘ typical level ’ formulated — based on what the majority of them achieved .
if this term is to have any validity , then a large number of 14-year-olds , covering a wide spectrum of ability , social class [and so on] , should have been tested , their results analysed , and a ‘ typical level ’ formulated — based on what the majority of them achieved .

This will be followed by an analysis of capital assets : value of personal residence ( is it mortgaged ? ) holiday home , details of bank and building society deposits , National Savings shares , unit trusts , bonds etc .
this will be followed by an analysis of capital assets : value of personal residence ( is it mortgaged ? ) holiday home , details of bank and building society deposits , national savings shares , unit trusts , bonds [and so on] .

When supplying a contact name please include a title ( eg Mr , Mrs , Ms , Miss etc ) , and then the initial ( s ) of the forename .
when supplying a contact name please include a title ( eg mr , mrs , ms , miss [and so on] ) , and then the initial ( s ) of the forename .

It is a help to members of the media if they know the responsibility of the contact ( eg organiser , development officer , secretary etc ) .
it is a help to members of the media if they know the responsibility of the contact ( eg organiser , development officer , secretary [and so on] ) .

The grant will support the transfer of the documents from individuals to a central collection , transcription of nearly illegible photocopies etc .
the grant will support the transfer of the documents from individuals to a central collection , transcription of nearly illegible photocopies [and so on] .

The research aims to describe how police authorities give effect to this duty and to analyse what the consequences of their adopting different strategies — formal consultative committees , public opinion surveys , informal liaison etc — are for the work of police authorities , for policing priorities and for police management practice .
the research aims to describe how police authorities give effect to this duty and to analyse what the consequences of their adopting different strategies — formal consultative committees , public opinion surveys , informal liaison [and so on] — are for the work of police authorities , for policing priorities and for police management practice .

The researchers will survey consultative arrangements nationally and will monitor advice offered from the centre by means of Home Office circulars , Inspectorate of Constabulary comments , local authority association working parties etc .
the researchers will survey consultative arrangements nationally and will monitor advice offered from the centre by means of home office circulars , inspectorate of constabulary comments , local authority association working parties [and so on] .

All of London 's main tourist attractions and shops , theatres , cinemas , etc .
all of london 's main tourist attractions and shops , theatres , cinemas , [and so on] .

to Montserrat , Ampurias/Costa Brava , Poblet Monastery/Costa Dorada , etc .
to montserrat , ampurias/costa brava , poblet monastery/costa dorada , [and so on] .

Regular social activities include : films , excursions , guided tours , parties , etc .
regular social activities include : films , excursions , guided tours , parties , [and so on] .

It is well equipped with modern teaching aids including video , portable language laboratory sets , etc .
it is well equipped with modern teaching aids including video , portable language laboratory sets , [and so on] .

On Campus there is a well equipped gymnasium with facilities for handball , basketball , etc .
on campus there is a well equipped gymnasium with facilities for handball , basketball , [and so on] .

For a small extra charge : tickets to swimming pools , thermal baths , etc .
for a small extra charge : tickets to swimming pools , thermal baths , [and so on] .

In the summer there are many open-air concerts , theatre performances , Hungarian folk-dance performances , etc .
in the summer there are many open-air concerts , theatre performances , hungarian folk-dance performances , [and so on] .

3. monitor and respond to anti-vivisection propaganda , provide information to the media about the use of animals in research and train speakers to take part in debates , discussion programmes , interviews , etc .
3. monitor and respond to anti-vivisection propaganda , provide information to the media about the use of animals in research and train speakers to take part in debates , discussion programmes , interviews , [and so on] .

5. monitor and , where appropriate , seek to influence any proposals to vary relevant legislation , codes of practice , etc likely to impede biomedical research .
5. monitor and , where appropriate , seek to influence any proposals to vary relevant legislation , codes of practice , [and so on] likely to impede biomedical research .

Since the note on this subject was published in the November Journal at p 372 , the Home Office have advised English JPs that they can not issue a certificate of good repute and of no previous bankruptcy as such , and that all they can do is to take a statutory declaration of good repute , etc , from the individual concerned .
since the note on this subject was published in the november journal at p 372 , the home office have advised english jps that they can not issue a certificate of good repute and of no previous bankruptcy as such , and that all they can do is to take a statutory declaration of good repute , [and so on] , from the individual concerned .

To clear up any doubt , therefore , Notaries Public in Scotland are advised that while they may take and duly sign a solemn declaration of good repute , etc , they can not issue as such a certificate of good repute and of no previous bankruptcy .
to clear up any doubt , therefore , notaries public in scotland are advised that while they may take and duly sign a solemn declaration of good repute , [and so on] , they can not issue as such a certificate of good repute and of no previous bankruptcy .

In this particular area , so much depends on the facts , eg , the nature of the offence , the nature of the job , the type of penalty , previous convictions , etc , and the Tribunal 's discretion should not be limited .
in this particular area , so much depends on the facts , eg , the nature of the offence , the nature of the job , the type of penalty , previous convictions , [and so on] , and the tribunal 's discretion should not be limited .

In the end , if the order is unopposed the agent will satisfy Counsel to the Secretary of State on points of concern to the Scottish Office and to government departments — points of principle , points of law , etc .
in the end , if the order is unopposed the agent will satisfy counsel to the secretary of state on points of concern to the scottish office and to government departments — points of principle , points of law , [and so on] .

Following the outcome of the inquiry ( if successful ) it is of some importance that the parliamentary agent follows the order through its-final stages so as to report that amendments , etc , have indeed been implemented .
following the outcome of the inquiry ( if successful ) it is of some importance that the parliamentary agent follows the order through its-final stages so as to report that amendments , [and so on] , have indeed been implemented .

The obtaining of corroborative statements , etc , is not done until after the Civil Aid Certificate is granted .
the obtaining of corroborative statements , [and so on] , is not done until after the civil aid certificate is granted .

The industry is working twice as hard to hold on to their share of advertising and is concentrating on giving readers even more for their money — quality editorial , more colour etc .
the industry is working twice as hard to hold on to their share of advertising and is concentrating on giving readers even more for their money — quality editorial , more colour [and so on] .

The supporters did not sign a bunch of overpaid , oversensitive underachievers ( and this is not aimed at all our players — Devine , Lowry , Kelly , Neill , McKeever , Mathieson can excuse themselves ! ) The supporters did not release some of the best young talent in Ulster ( Strain , Millar , Keery , McCaffrey , etc ! )
the supporters did not sign a bunch of overpaid , oversensitive underachievers ( and this is not aimed at all our players — devine , lowry , kelly , neill , mckeever , mathieson can excuse themselves ! ) the supporters did not release some of the best young talent in ulster ( strain , millar , keery , mccaffrey , [and so on] ! )

Potential problem with new equipment in Herbarium etc .
potential problem with new equipment in herbarium [and so on] .

Prepare orders for software , and minor hardware items , such as cables , switches , etc .
prepare orders for software , and minor hardware items , such as cables , switches , [and so on] .

Requests for consumables ( printer ribbons , disks , computer paper etc . )
requests for consumables ( printer ribbons , disks , computer paper [and so on] . )

, software , and small hardware items ( T-switches etc . )
, software , and small hardware items ( t-switches [and so on] . )

Group agreed that laser printers were uneconomical and unnecessary for normal correspondence , and that their use should be restricted to areas where presentation quality is needed , for preparation of near-camera-ready copy and for documents distributed to outside bodies , such as commissioned Reports , etc .
group agreed that laser printers were uneconomical and unnecessary for normal correspondence , and that their use should be restricted to areas where presentation quality is needed , for preparation of near-camera-ready copy and for documents distributed to outside bodies , such as commissioned reports , [and so on] .

Volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc . )
volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews [and so on] . )

Advice on siting of existing equipment ( PCs , printers ) and suggestions for new equipment/switches etc for running SunAccounts package .
advice on siting of existing equipment ( pcs , printers ) and suggestions for new equipment/switches [and so on] for running sunaccounts package .

garden design , Estates , Publications , etc .
garden design , estates , publications , [and so on] .

Research in bibliometrics and in bibliographic software ( hypermedia etc ) will continue on a limited scale .
research in bibliometrics and in bibliographic software ( hypermedia [and so on] ) will continue on a limited scale .

New environmental enclosures could be created to demonstrate the conditions ( soil , temperature , humidity , light , diurnal and seasonal fluctuations etc . )
new environmental enclosures could be created to demonstrate the conditions ( soil , temperature , humidity , light , diurnal and seasonal fluctuations [and so on] . )

Essential for explaining plant groups , planting schemes , etc .
essential for explaining plant groups , planting schemes , [and so on] .

molecular studies and environmental monitoring [ heavy metal content etc . ]
molecular studies and environmental monitoring [ heavy metal content [and so on] . ]

Card index to collectors , giving biographical details and other information on collecting activities etc .
card index to collectors , giving biographical details and other information on collecting activities [and so on] .

of plants and their cultivation , landscape design etc .
of plants and their cultivation , landscape design [and so on] .

Plant record information — e.g. locality , ecology etc .
plant record information — e.g. locality , ecology [and so on] .

Directory-type queries — addresses of organisations , providers of services , plants , etc .
directory-type queries — addresses of organisations , providers of services , plants , [and so on] .

Requests for basic information on plants — names etc — which can be answered easily from reference books .
requests for basic information on plants — names [and so on] — which can be answered easily from reference books .

Equipment for dry mounting , heat sealing of photographs , etc .
equipment for dry mounting , heat sealing of photographs , [and so on] .

Photography of artwork , maps , diagrams , etc .
photography of artwork , maps , diagrams , [and so on] .

Preparation and execution of all work required for exhibits , posters etc .
preparation and execution of all work required for exhibits , posters [and so on] .

Photography for special projects such as publications ( books , guides , brochures etc . )
photography for special projects such as publications ( books , guides , brochures [and so on] . )

newsletters ( e.g. The Botanics ) giving information on Garden activities and exhibits etc for both the general public and potential sponsors
newsletters ( e.g. the botanics ) giving information on garden activities and exhibits [and so on] for both the general public and potential sponsors

Places of interest outwith the Garden ( Castle , Zoo , etc . )
places of interest outwith the garden ( castle , zoo , [and so on] . )

Signposting — An outdated and incomplete system of directional signs to garden features ( planthouses , cafe etc ) .
signposting — an outdated and incomplete system of directional signs to garden features ( planthouses , cafe [and so on] ) .

The general public , other organisations and institutions , supporters etc currently find out about our 4 gardens , work and activities through various channels :
the general public , other organisations and institutions , supporters [and so on] currently find out about our 4 gardens , work and activities through various channels :

These come from many sources — school groups , horticulture clubs , students etc .
these come from many sources — school groups , horticulture clubs , students [and so on] .

Lectures , courses , events , workshops etc are organised to promote education and understanding of our work in the broadest sense , as well as passing on specific information and expertise .
lectures , courses , events , workshops [and so on] are organised to promote education and understanding of our work in the broadest sense , as well as passing on specific information and expertise .

Use of computer ( a ) to hold maps in digital form for ready updating and graphic overlaying of services , ( b ) detailed record of all work carried out ( ie cost time , nature , etc ) on property for historical reference and future planned maintenance .
use of computer ( a ) to hold maps in digital form for ready updating and graphic overlaying of services , ( b ) detailed record of all work carried out ( ie cost time , nature , [and so on] ) on property for historical reference and future planned maintenance .

Many of the categories of resource can be further sub-divided , e.g. Computer data includes plant records , mailing lists and other databases , financial data , estate plans , etc .
many of the categories of resource can be further sub-divided , e.g. computer data includes plant records , mailing lists and other databases , financial data , estate plans , [and so on] .

Scientific and horticultural staff should have inputs into labels , signs , exhibitions , etc .
scientific and horticultural staff should have inputs into labels , signs , exhibitions , [and so on] .

No other analysis is normally possible , and synthesis — using the taxonomic information to make meaningful generalisations available for other plant sciences such as evolution , ecology , genetics , plant breeding , plant pathology etc — is made laborious .
no other analysis is normally possible , and synthesis — using the taxonomic information to make meaningful generalisations available for other plant sciences such as evolution , ecology , genetics , plant breeding , plant pathology [and so on] — is made laborious .

The recommended minimum depth for tables , desks etc is 800mm .
the recommended minimum depth for tables , desks [and so on] is 800mm .

Group agreed that laser printers were uneconomical and unnecessary for normal correspondence , and that their use should be restricted to areas where presentation quality is needed , for preparation of near-camera-ready copy and for documents distributed to outside bodies , such as commissioned Reports , etc .
group agreed that laser printers were uneconomical and unnecessary for normal correspondence , and that their use should be restricted to areas where presentation quality is needed , for preparation of near-camera-ready copy and for documents distributed to outside bodies , such as commissioned reports , [and so on] .

Research Collections/plant propagation/quarantine etc .
research collections/plant propagation/quarantine [and so on] .

Workshop on research methodology , bibliography , citations , etc .
workshop on research methodology , bibliography , citations , [and so on] .

Do not leave books/journals etc in direct sunlight .
do not leave books/journals [and so on] in direct sunlight .

Whilst geological studies were employed during the last War , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges etc .
whilst geological studies were employed during the last war , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges [and so on] .

Tuition fees include recommended book(s) , registration fees , certificates , tests , welfare service , etc .
tuition fees include recommended book(s) , registration fees , certificates , tests , welfare service , [and so on] .

We can organise specially designed courses for groups from companies , government departments , etc .
we can organise specially designed courses for groups from companies , government departments , [and so on] .

The system can be set up experimentally by measuring the time taken to attain each speed level and minimising this time by adjusting the previous speed level ; the time taken to reach stepping rate f2 is measured and the value off , adjusted until this time is a minimum , then continue by adjusting f1 while measuring the time to reach f3 etc .
the system can be set up experimentally by measuring the time taken to attain each speed level and minimising this time by adjusting the previous speed level ; the time taken to reach stepping rate f2 is measured and the value off , adjusted until this time is a minimum , then continue by adjusting f1 while measuring the time to reach f3 [and so on] .

Astrochele is commonly found clinging to gorgonians , corals , etc .
astrochele is commonly found clinging to gorgonians , corals , [and so on] .

We are not to know that new methods of correlation will not he developed ( as spores , hystrichospheres , etc .
we are not to know that new methods of correlation will not he developed ( as spores , hystrichospheres , [and so on] .

What is more , there is very little that can be called oceanic crust or trench-filling sediment ( flysch , olistostromes , etc . )
what is more , there is very little that can be called oceanic crust or trench-filling sediment ( flysch , olistostromes , [and so on] . )

At the present time , the development stage of the " persons " system has been completed and a number of reports and listings are produced for each location ; these include : strength return ( report ) nominal roll ( listing ) retirement lists ( listing ) etc The number of regular reports has deliberately been kept to a minimum to prevent managers from being besieged with information .
at the present time , the development stage of the " persons " system has been completed and a number of reports and listings are produced for each location ; these include : strength return ( report ) nominal roll ( listing ) retirement lists ( listing ) [and so on] the number of regular reports has deliberately been kept to a minimum to prevent managers from being besieged with information .

The personnel department 's own microcomputer enables information on employees to be stored in the required format , listing those who have specialist skills or training , promotion prospects , attendance , experience , family circumstances , etc .
the personnel department 's own microcomputer enables information on employees to be stored in the required format , listing those who have specialist skills or training , promotion prospects , attendance , experience , family circumstances , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

The Electricity Supply Industry in Great Britain employs 160,000 people , has net assets in excess of £30 billion and is responsible for generation , transmission , distribution and sale of electricity , with other aspects of the business covering electrical contracting , shops , etc .
the electricity supply industry in great britain employs 160,000 people , has net assets in excess of £30 billion and is responsible for generation , transmission , distribution and sale of electricity , with other aspects of the business covering electrical contracting , shops , [and so on] .

The Branch played an important role in the negotiation of a job evaluation scheme for the industry 's 30,000 technical engineering staff , who are responsible for the running of generating sets in power stations , installation and maintenance of the distribution network , construction planning , generation and transmission development , etc .
the branch played an important role in the negotiation of a job evaluation scheme for the industry 's 30,000 technical engineering staff , who are responsible for the running of generating sets in power stations , installation and maintenance of the distribution network , construction planning , generation and transmission development , [and so on] .

That is , information could be produced for the entire Read-off , all posts in a particular employing location , all posts in a given function , etc .
that is , information could be produced for the entire read-off , all posts in a particular employing location , all posts in a given function , [and so on] .

Clearly , an important long term objective for any large organisation should be the production of a comprehensive negotiating suite , capable of forecasting the cost of any `` standard `` agreement , shorter work week , x per cent on basic pay , y per cent on differentials , reduction of retirement age , changes in shift premiums , call out payments , etc .
clearly , an important long term objective for any large organisation should be the production of a comprehensive negotiating suite , capable of forecasting the cost of any `` standard `` agreement , shorter work week , x per cent on basic pay , y per cent on differentials , reduction of retirement age , changes in shift premiums , call out payments , [and so on] .

In the case of the job evaluation exercise this was achieved by producing a program whose function was to `` translate `` a proposed set of grade boundaries into consequences quoted in the same terms as those in which the management 's negotiating aims were couched : costs , grade changes , etc .
in the case of the job evaluation exercise this was achieved by producing a program whose function was to `` translate `` a proposed set of grade boundaries into consequences quoted in the same terms as those in which the management 's negotiating aims were couched : costs , grade changes , [and so on] .

Examples of other codes held are contract type , company car details , loans or advances , etc .
examples of other codes held are contract type , company car details , loans or advances , [and so on] .

The payroll is calculated using the permanent data stored on the employee record as well as temporary information , such as payroll exceptions , temporary upgradings , etc .
the payroll is calculated using the permanent data stored on the employee record as well as temporary information , such as payroll exceptions , temporary upgradings , [and so on] .

It was desirable to be able to link the Personnel Information System with other items of company information — such as payroll , pensions administration , absence and overtime reports , etc .
it was desirable to be able to link the personnel information system with other items of company information — such as payroll , pensions administration , absence and overtime reports , [and so on] .

It was realised that the main benefits of the system would be intangible , ie. increased efficiency , improved service in quality and quantity etc , but it was an aim to achieve a payback of the system development cost within eight years .
it was realised that the main benefits of the system would be intangible , ie. increased efficiency , improved service in quality and quantity [and so on] , but it was an aim to achieve a payback of the system development cost within eight years .

For instance , investment in dwellings is influenced by population trends , expected lifetime income , the availability and cost of mortgage finance , etc .
for instance , investment in dwellings is influenced by population trends , expected lifetime income , the availability and cost of mortgage finance , [and so on] .

With government provision , the good or service may be free or subsidized , so that the amount paid by the consumer will understate the true cost ( higher taxes , etc . )
with government provision , the good or service may be free or subsidized , so that the amount paid by the consumer will understate the true cost ( higher taxes , [and so on] . )

If , for instance , tax allowances and exemptions are more easily acquired by higher-income groups ( as with mortgage repayments , etc . )
if , for instance , tax allowances and exemptions are more easily acquired by higher-income groups ( as with mortgage repayments , [and so on] . )

on exploration costs , etc . )
on exploration costs , [and so on] . )

Finally , the total rates collected by this method were often inadequate to meet the increasing cost of local government spending on education , etc .
finally , the total rates collected by this method were often inadequate to meet the increasing cost of local government spending on education , [and so on] .

The Unfair Contract Terms Act applies , with one small difference , to hire contracts as it does to contracts of sale of goods , hire purchase , barter and exchange , etc .
the unfair contract terms act applies , with one small difference , to hire contracts as it does to contracts of sale of goods , hire purchase , barter and exchange , [and so on] .

It can therefore be lost by waiver or the operation of section 47 ( 2 ) , etc .
it can therefore be lost by waiver or the operation of section 47 ( 2 ) , [and so on] .

Finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .
finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , [and so on] .

’ ‘ Established cinemas , theatres etc … exist in the police universe to repress the very things that It stands for .
’ ‘ established cinemas , theatres [and so on] … exist in the police universe to repress the very things that it stands for .

Finance — Guidance on financial procedures in the European Community including specification of payment terms , debt collection , access to foreign banking and insurance systems etc .
finance — guidance on financial procedures in the european community including specification of payment terms , debt collection , access to foreign banking and insurance systems [and so on] .

Planning permission , rights of way , etc — it is common practice to buy a property intending to say , extend it or run a business from it .
planning permission , rights of way , [and so on] — it is common practice to buy a property intending to say , extend it or run a business from it .

The indemnity and compensation requirements should match those which apply to solicitors [ indemnity cover — against negligence claims etc .
the indemnity and compensation requirements should match those which apply to solicitors [ indemnity cover — against negligence claims [and so on] .

It will test your child 's memory and ability to recognise objects , animals , houses etc .
it will test your child 's memory and ability to recognise objects , animals , houses [and so on] .

The program comes with a number of recipes already loaded with sections for Fish , Sweets , Starters , Vegetarian etc .
the program comes with a number of recipes already loaded with sections for fish , sweets , starters , vegetarian [and so on] .

Once you have input your collection data , Reels allows searching by date , source , quality , song , city etc .
once you have input your collection data , reels allows searching by date , source , quality , song , city [and so on] .

The program comes with all the standard tools like Search and Replace , Cut and Paste etc .
the program comes with all the standard tools like search and replace , cut and paste [and so on] .

Keyboard , mouse and joystick are supported , but every now and then the planes seem to do their own thing ! Combat is competitive , with the opposing planes appearing to have more ‘ Artificial Intelligence ’ than normal — eg using counter measures against your missiles etc , but again these aircraft do not seem to have their own ‘ character ’ .
keyboard , mouse and joystick are supported , but every now and then the planes seem to do their own thing ! combat is competitive , with the opposing planes appearing to have more ‘ artificial intelligence ’ than normal — eg using counter measures against your missiles [and so on] , but again these aircraft do not seem to have their own ‘ character ’ .

Driving is not just an ‘ up arrow ’ to go forward etc — the tracks are controlled separately by four keys ie right and left , and backwards/forwards .
driving is not just an ‘ up arrow ’ to go forward [and so on] — the tracks are controlled separately by four keys ie right and left , and backwards/forwards .

Each vehicle is defined with its own graphics and statistics detailing armour class , gun penetration road and cross country performance etc .
each vehicle is defined with its own graphics and statistics detailing armour class , gun penetration road and cross country performance [and so on] .

Make a Monster is good fun , letting the younger user design their own creations using a mix-and-match technique of arms , heads , legs , eyes etc . Some really weird creations are possible , and although their are thousands of possibilities , this probably has the least long-term ‘ playability ’ — you know once you 've seen one thirty eyed , nine legged , four mouthed Zug monster from Venus you 've seen 'em all …
make a monster is good fun , letting the younger user design their own creations using a mix-and-match technique of arms , heads , legs , eyes [and so on] . some really weird creations are possible , and although their are thousands of possibilities , this probably has the least long-term ‘ playability ’ — you know once you 've seen one thirty eyed , nine legged , four mouthed zug monster from venus you 've seen 'em all …

The mouse can be used to drag and drop tables , join fields , etc .
the mouse can be used to drag and drop tables , join fields , [and so on] .

For example , if you only specify a single mirror you can draw shapes that are symmetrical about a line — like a vase or light bulb etc .
for example , if you only specify a single mirror you can draw shapes that are symmetrical about a line — like a vase or light bulb [and so on] .

It has all of the things that you find in other packages — reshaping tools , rotation , reflection , resizing etc .
it has all of the things that you find in other packages — reshaping tools , rotation , reflection , resizing [and so on] .

You could , for instance , specify a label the size of a ticket , and print your own raffle tickets ( you can print duplicate labels , you see ) , or serialise invitation cards etc .
you could , for instance , specify a label the size of a ticket , and print your own raffle tickets ( you can print duplicate labels , you see ) , or serialise invitation cards [and so on] .

This is a simple to use menu driven program for any amateur theatrical organisation , it will enable you to keep track of all your scenery , costumes , props etc .
this is a simple to use menu driven program for any amateur theatrical organisation , it will enable you to keep track of all your scenery , costumes , props [and so on] .

Of course , when you first get the program you have to type in all the data , the whereabouts of all your equipment , whether it is on loan to another company etc .
of course , when you first get the program you have to type in all the data , the whereabouts of all your equipment , whether it is on loan to another company [and so on] .

All your recipes can be sorted into different categories such as starters , sweets , main etc .
all your recipes can be sorted into different categories such as starters , sweets , main [and so on] .

This is a genealogy program for Windows 3.0 or higher , Parents allows you to enter and store vital information such as names , birth , marriage , date of death and place of death etc .
this is a genealogy program for windows 3.0 or higher , parents allows you to enter and store vital information such as names , birth , marriage , date of death and place of death [and so on] .

By chapter 4 you 'll find you 've progressed to in-depth explanations about specific software ( databases , desktop publishing , shell , music , simulations etc ) but it 's a gentle progression with refreshingly little computerspeak ( honest ) and a brilliant idiot 's guide to jargon at the back of the book just in case !
by chapter 4 you 'll find you 've progressed to in-depth explanations about specific software ( databases , desktop publishing , shell , music , simulations [and so on] ) but it 's a gentle progression with refreshingly little computerspeak ( honest ) and a brilliant idiot 's guide to jargon at the back of the book just in case !

Apart from the obvious illegality of such an act , you 're at a very great disadvantage in the use of the software — no manuals etc .
apart from the obvious illegality of such an act , you 're at a very great disadvantage in the use of the software — no manuals [and so on] .

We arrived at the border and ‘ commenced battle ’ with the Hungarian border guards who made their inevitable demand for ‘ whisky , chocolates , etc etc ’ .
we arrived at the border and ‘ commenced battle ’ with the hungarian border guards who made their inevitable demand for ‘ whisky , chocolates , [and so on] [and so on] ’ .

He would be happy to answer further questions , etc .
he would be happy to answer further questions , [and so on] .

Inter-Government organisations ( such as the European Commission , World Health Organisation etc . )
inter-government organisations ( such as the european commission , world health organisation [and so on] . )

Erythromycin prevents bacterial overgrowth in the gut etc .
erythromycin prevents bacterial overgrowth in the gut [and so on] .

It would be interesting to be able to monitor educative efforts by Alcor etc .
it would be interesting to be able to monitor educative efforts by alcor [and so on] .

The London based group Books Etc gave an indication of the kind of impact this had on booksellers .
the london based group books [and so on] gave an indication of the kind of impact this had on booksellers .

John Monk of Books Etc felt that the hotlines did no work as well as in previous years .
john monk of books [and so on] felt that the hotlines did no work as well as in previous years .

Those wise virgins ( such as Books Etc ) who placed hefty early orders cashed in when other booksellers ran out .
those wise virgins ( such as books [and so on] ) who placed hefty early orders cashed in when other booksellers ran out .

Sales of the much hyped Sex tailed off , though John Monk said it was still selling steadily at Books Etc , which by Christmas had about 10 % of its stock left .
sales of the much hyped sex tailed off , though john monk said it was still selling steadily at books [and so on] , which by christmas had about 10 % of its stock left .

There is a Welcome Pack full of prehistoric goodies — poster , notepad , pencil , rubber , stickers etc — as well as a newsletter stacked with games , dino-facts and adventures .
there is a welcome pack full of prehistoric goodies — poster , notepad , pencil , rubber , stickers [and so on] — as well as a newsletter stacked with games , dino-facts and adventures .

Part of the cost will be independent of the volume of production , representing a share of the fixed costs of running the factory , such as rates , heating , etc .
part of the cost will be independent of the volume of production , representing a share of the fixed costs of running the factory , such as rates , heating , [and so on] .

The scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , specifications , requirements , etc .
the scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , specifications , requirements , [and so on] .

The desk would have to be large enough to hold all the equipment necessary and also allow space behind for books etc to be stored .
the desk would have to be large enough to hold all the equipment necessary and also allow space behind for books [and so on] to be stored .

Some functions at present done by the library desk would move out to the reception desk such as reservations and collections etc .
some functions at present done by the library desk would move out to the reception desk such as reservations and collections [and so on] .

He had landed on the island before and killed penguins , quails , ducks , etc .
he had landed on the island before and killed penguins , quails , ducks , [and so on] .

You do not enter into any details respecting the Voyage , where you are resident etc .
you do not enter into any details respecting the voyage , where you are resident [and so on] .

‘ He has sent home another fine collection of upwards of 500 birds , 40 Quadrupeds etc .
‘ he has sent home another fine collection of upwards of 500 birds , 40 quadrupeds [and so on] .

employing Disabled artists , workshop leaders , etc
employing disabled artists , workshop leaders , [and so on]

introducing positive action measures to redress imbalances in staffing , participants , trainees , etc
introducing positive action measures to redress imbalances in staffing , participants , trainees , [and so on]

Jan 's work is made up of natural materials , branches , twigs , bark , leaves , chippings , seeds , stones , soil , earth , mud , clay , wax , wood , straw etc .
jan 's work is made up of natural materials , branches , twigs , bark , leaves , chippings , seeds , stones , soil , earth , mud , clay , wax , wood , straw [and so on] .

We were all addressed by surname , , , etc .
we were all addressed by surname , , , [and so on] .

The farmer provides the building , labour , gas , electricity , bedding , etc .
the farmer provides the building , labour , gas , electricity , bedding , [and so on] .

Use of extensive lending and reference library , provision of reading lists , etc ;
use of extensive lending and reference library , provision of reading lists , [and so on] ;

Ties , brooches , scarves , etc ;
ties , brooches , scarves , [and so on] ;

Romanesque capitals , in particular , abound with terrifying monsters devouring hapless victims — animal and human — and the different animals : lions , dragons , oxen , etc .
romanesque capitals , in particular , abound with terrifying monsters devouring hapless victims — animal and human — and the different animals : lions , dragons , oxen , [and so on] .

Churches in southern Europe continued to be influenced by Roman methods of construction in style and even used parts of Roman buildings — capitals , columns , decoration , etc .
churches in southern europe continued to be influenced by roman methods of construction in style and even used parts of roman buildings — capitals , columns , decoration , [and so on] .

’ etc .
’ [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

’ etc .
’ [and so on] .

Produced my proposals for Ministers and under Secys , etc .
produced my proposals for ministers and under secys , [and so on] .

Campbell 's survey of London trades in 1747 describes two : milliners and mantua makers ( makers of petticoats , nightgowns , etc . )
campbell 's survey of london trades in 1747 describes two : milliners and mantua makers ( makers of petticoats , nightgowns , [and so on] . )

When high roads , bridges , canals etc , are in this manner made and supported by the commerce which is carried on by means of them , they can be made only where that commerce requires them , and consequently where it is proper to make them .
when high roads , bridges , canals [and so on] , are in this manner made and supported by the commerce which is carried on by means of them , they can be made only where that commerce requires them , and consequently where it is proper to make them .

Seldom used or once-a-year items like ham boiling pans , turkey roasting pans , fish kettles , picnic baskets etc , might well be parted from the day-to-day items .
seldom used or once-a-year items like ham boiling pans , turkey roasting pans , fish kettles , picnic baskets [and so on] , might well be parted from the day-to-day items .

If you have the possibility of both services in a kitchen , you could opt for a gas cook top and an electric oven ; or vice versa ; or a mixture of both gas and electric plates to hedge bets should anything go wrong with one or other service , or to take advantage of both sorts of energy for different cooking needs ( slow simmering ; fast boiling etc . )
if you have the possibility of both services in a kitchen , you could opt for a gas cook top and an electric oven ; or vice versa ; or a mixture of both gas and electric plates to hedge bets should anything go wrong with one or other service , or to take advantage of both sorts of energy for different cooking needs ( slow simmering ; fast boiling [and so on] . )

If at all possible , you should provide a wardrobe either by having a wall of storage with shelves , drawers and cupboards to take both dining accessories and clothes , or by having a separate armoire or old wardrobe ( which can also take silver , china , glass etc . )
if at all possible , you should provide a wardrobe either by having a wall of storage with shelves , drawers and cupboards to take both dining accessories and clothes , or by having a separate armoire or old wardrobe ( which can also take silver , china , glass [and so on] . )

Size can be measured as height , leaf area , volume , fresh weight , dry weight , etc .
size can be measured as height , leaf area , volume , fresh weight , dry weight , [and so on] .

Use in a field setting would certainly be desirable , but was not felt to be realistic at this stage because of the difficulties posed by the light , wind , rain etc .
use in a field setting would certainly be desirable , but was not felt to be realistic at this stage because of the difficulties posed by the light , wind , rain [and so on] .

The desiderata for a good background at this point were that it must be perceived by the measuring instrument as significantly darker than the subject , it must be cheap and readily available , and it must be easy to mould it to the growth boxes , fix it to the wall , etc .
the desiderata for a good background at this point were that it must be perceived by the measuring instrument as significantly darker than the subject , it must be cheap and readily available , and it must be easy to mould it to the growth boxes , fix it to the wall , [and so on] .

The object was to study the effect of small changes in the exposure , illumination etc .
the object was to study the effect of small changes in the exposure , illumination [and so on] .

For fixed exposure , illumination etc .
for fixed exposure , illumination [and so on] .

Used to input a value to select an option , specify a parameter , terminate a pause etc .
used to input a value to select an option , specify a parameter , terminate a pause [and so on] .

Courier , Roman , Helvetica , Bold , Italic etc . )
courier , roman , helvetica , bold , italic [and so on] . )

( Earnest , 1962 ) , ( Eden & Halle , 1961 ) , ( Eden , 1964 ) , ( Frishkopf & Harmon , 1961 ) etc . )
( earnest , 1962 ) , ( eden & halle , 1961 ) , ( eden , 1964 ) , ( frishkopf & harmon , 1961 ) [and so on] . )

mother → moth + er etc . )
mother → moth + er [and so on] . )

If the preceding edge is in turn completed then any partial edge preceding it is tested to see if it needs the newly completed edge etc .
if the preceding edge is in turn completed then any partial edge preceding it is tested to see if it needs the newly completed edge [and so on] .

The 2-gram ( bigram ) statistics are the observed frequencies of each pair of symbols etc .
the 2-gram ( bigram ) statistics are the observed frequencies of each pair of symbols [and so on] .

The character that best matches the character database is assigned rank 1 , the next best rank 2 etc ..
the character that best matches the character database is assigned rank 1 , the next best rank 2 [and so on] ..

‘ That he did foully murder and commit the most dreadful homicides … ’ Etc , etc .
‘ that he did foully murder and commit the most dreadful homicides … ’ [and so on] , [and so on] .

Units have encouraged commercial activities , with individuals keeping a share of the profits and being exempt from square-bashing , sentry-duty etc .
units have encouraged commercial activities , with individuals keeping a share of the profits and being exempt from square-bashing , sentry-duty [and so on] .

Caused by bacterial and parasitic infections , alcohol abuse , malnutrition , chemical pollutants etc .
caused by bacterial and parasitic infections , alcohol abuse , malnutrition , chemical pollutants [and so on] .

You may like to consider the fact that readers of the popular press contributed millions to BandAid , SportAid , Comic Relief etc ; have taken solidarity action in support of trade unionists in South Africa and Namibia ; are informed about workers ' conditions in the same industries in the Far East and so on .
you may like to consider the fact that readers of the popular press contributed millions to bandaid , sportaid , comic relief [and so on] ; have taken solidarity action in support of trade unionists in south africa and namibia ; are informed about workers ' conditions in the same industries in the far east and so on .

And your petitioners , as in duty bound , will ever pray , etc .
and your petitioners , as in duty bound , will ever pray , [and so on] .

Power of Chief Inspector for England to promote studies for improving efficiency etc .
power of chief inspector for england to promote studies for improving efficiency [and so on] .

The Funding Council shall not borrow money from any source , give any guarantee or indemnity or create any trust or security over or in respect of any of their property which was acquired , improved or maintained wholly or partly , directly or indirectly out of funds provided by the Secretary of State under section Payment of grants , etc .
the funding council shall not borrow money from any source , give any guarantee or indemnity or create any trust or security over or in respect of any of their property which was acquired , improved or maintained wholly or partly , directly or indirectly out of funds provided by the secretary of state under section payment of grants , [and so on] .

— ( 1 ) The Funding Council shall not dispose of any property acquired , improved or maintained wholly or partly , directly or indirectly , out of funds provided by the Secretary of State under the said section Payment of grants , etc .
— ( 1 ) the funding council shall not dispose of any property acquired , improved or maintained wholly or partly , directly or indirectly , out of funds provided by the secretary of state under the said section payment of grants , [and so on] .

They said that something had to be done to put right the mess which the Government had made of the Self-Governing Schools etc .
they said that something had to be done to put right the mess which the government had made of the self-governing schools [and so on] .

If safety standards are threatened by the alleged or actual act of victimisation , offshore safety division inspectors have the powers , under the Health and Safety at Work etc .
if safety standards are threatened by the alleged or actual act of victimisation , offshore safety division inspectors have the powers , under the health and safety at work [and so on] .

Between 1987 and now , there were guillotine motions on the following : the Local Government Finance Bill two ; the Social Security Bill one ; the Firearms ( Amendment ) Bill two ; the School Boards ( Scotland ) Bill ; the Housing Bill ; the Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions ) Bill ; the Water Bill two ; the Official Secrets Bill two ; the Self-Governing Schools etc .
between 1987 and now , there were guillotine motions on the following : the local government finance bill two ; the social security bill one ; the firearms ( amendment ) bill two ; the school boards ( scotland ) bill ; the housing bill ; the prevention of terrorism ( temporary provisions ) bill ; the water bill two ; the official secrets bill two ; the self-governing schools [and so on] .

The rest of the work was finished by the end of January and the Vale of Rheidol permanent way team has been ballasting since then and putting in check rails etc .
the rest of the work was finished by the end of january and the vale of rheidol permanent way team has been ballasting since then and putting in check rails [and so on] .

Interpretation etc .
interpretation [and so on] .

Any scheme actually implemented would have to reflect the county development plans , and the details would depend on which areas were chosen for expansion , actual traffic flows etc .
any scheme actually implemented would have to reflect the county development plans , and the details would depend on which areas were chosen for expansion , actual traffic flows [and so on] .

The main assumption is that you observe the exact service interval ( say every 6000 miles ) and that all servicing is done then , even to the little things like oil and new headlamp bulbs , and big things like tyres , batteries , exhaust systems etc .
the main assumption is that you observe the exact service interval ( say every 6000 miles ) and that all servicing is done then , even to the little things like oil and new headlamp bulbs , and big things like tyres , batteries , exhaust systems [and so on] .

There is then an increased risk of an accident ( or a fine ) and in any case the car will depreciate faster , use more petrol etc .
there is then an increased risk of an accident ( or a fine ) and in any case the car will depreciate faster , use more petrol [and so on] .

It is important here to note that Rule 3 applies only if it is the seller who is to do the weighing , measuring , testing , etc .
it is important here to note that rule 3 applies only if it is the seller who is to do the weighing , measuring , testing , [and so on] .

The burden of proof lies on him to prove that he was in good faith , etc .
the burden of proof lies on him to prove that he was in good faith , [and so on] .

the person who left the goods for repair , treatment or valuation , etc . )
the person who left the goods for repair , treatment or valuation , [and so on] . )

However , if the bailor was not the owner but had , for example , stolen them before leaving them for repair or treatment , etc .
however , if the bailor was not the owner but had , for example , stolen them before leaving them for repair or treatment , [and so on] .

There are , however , implied warranties of quiet possession , etc .
there are , however , implied warranties of quiet possession , [and so on] .

To this end , we urge you not only to use the Line yourself for shopping , sightseeing etc .
to this end , we urge you not only to use the line yourself for shopping , sightseeing [and so on] .

on advertising the museum , etc .
on advertising the museum , [and so on] .

For since fishermen require only trained aptitudes , and not any exceptional natural qualities , their number could be increased in less than a generation to almost any extent that was necessary to meet the demand ; while the industries connected with building boats , making nets , etc .
for since fishermen require only trained aptitudes , and not any exceptional natural qualities , their number could be increased in less than a generation to almost any extent that was necessary to meet the demand ; while the industries connected with building boats , making nets , [and so on] .

Feel free to make jokes about puffing like ‘ Carlisle ’ ascending Mynd Mill bank , one partner picking mushrooms and then overtaking the one who continued on the tandem , etc .
feel free to make jokes about puffing like ‘ carlisle ’ ascending mynd mill bank , one partner picking mushrooms and then overtaking the one who continued on the tandem , [and so on] .

Sociological data is usually analysed by grouping together common attributes such as social class , educational background , etc .
sociological data is usually analysed by grouping together common attributes such as social class , educational background , [and so on] .

The first way is to use standard quality control techniques at the data input stage , so that the output of coders , data punchers , etc , has a controlled quality level .
the first way is to use standard quality control techniques at the data input stage , so that the output of coders , data punchers , [and so on] , has a controlled quality level .

Thus , for example , children 's achievement may be related not only to their own social background but also to the social background of their classroom , characteristics of the school , etc .
thus , for example , children 's achievement may be related not only to their own social background but also to the social background of their classroom , characteristics of the school , [and so on] .

This study extends a methodology previously used by the researchers and will involve presenting to children of different ages a number of filmed sequences of encounters with strangers , varying context , type of approach etc .
this study extends a methodology previously used by the researchers and will involve presenting to children of different ages a number of filmed sequences of encounters with strangers , varying context , type of approach [and so on] .

Kits are sold these days which contain the trap and also the lengths of pipes you need for fitting wastes to basins , baths , sinks , washing machines , etc .
kits are sold these days which contain the trap and also the lengths of pipes you need for fitting wastes to basins , baths , sinks , washing machines , [and so on] .

The layout of the drains can usually be discovered by pouring water down various sinks , WCs , etc and seeing which inspection chamber it comes into .
the layout of the drains can usually be discovered by pouring water down various sinks , wcs , [and so on] and seeing which inspection chamber it comes into .

It is sent to our secretary , who has the considerable task of arranging the pages into a form suitable for photo-copying , inserting photographs , and if necessary reducing then to the correct size , etc .
it is sent to our secretary , who has the considerable task of arranging the pages into a form suitable for photo-copying , inserting photographs , and if necessary reducing then to the correct size , [and so on] .

Books etc .
books [and so on] .

Conjunctive phrase headings , with two or more nouns , noun phrases or both , with or without modifiers connected by ‘ and ’ or ending with ‘ etc ’ , for example ,
conjunctive phrase headings , with two or more nouns , noun phrases or both , with or without modifiers connected by ‘ and ’ or ending with ‘ [and so on] ’ , for example ,

As such it needs to make use of concepts which define the political sphere , the nature of political relations and institutions , the state , government , law , etc .
as such it needs to make use of concepts which define the political sphere , the nature of political relations and institutions , the state , government , law , [and so on] .

The equilibrium assumption allows us in effect to abstract from the determinants of investment — and the role of uncertainty , expectations , ‘ animal spirits ’ , etc .
the equilibrium assumption allows us in effect to abstract from the determinants of investment — and the role of uncertainty , expectations , ‘ animal spirits ’ , [and so on] .

The assumption that the rate of technical advance is exogenous has meant that tax policy affected only the steady-state levels of the capital-labour ratio , wages , etc .
the assumption that the rate of technical advance is exogenous has meant that tax policy affected only the steady-state levels of the capital-labour ratio , wages , [and so on] .

The observed data on income , wealth , etc .
the observed data on income , wealth , [and so on] .

The individual makes decisions about how much to work , how much to save , how to invest his savings ( in safe versus risky prospects , etc . )
the individual makes decisions about how much to work , how much to save , how to invest his savings ( in safe versus risky prospects , [and so on] . )

These decisions reflect his ‘ tastes ’ , in terms of attitudes towards leisure , saving , risk-taking , etc .
these decisions reflect his ‘ tastes ’ , in terms of attitudes towards leisure , saving , risk-taking , [and so on] .

The eldest son of the eldest son of the eldest son , etc .
the eldest son of the eldest son of the eldest son , [and so on] .

The earlier Lectures have shown how the conclusions need to be modified to allow for market distortions , imperfect competition , unemployment , the accumulation of capital over time , etc .
the earlier lectures have shown how the conclusions need to be modified to allow for market distortions , imperfect competition , unemployment , the accumulation of capital over time , [and so on] .

There was quite a quantity of useless crap in there , based on the malai five constitutional principles of justice , tolerance etc .
there was quite a quantity of useless crap in there , based on the malai five constitutional principles of justice , tolerance [and so on] .

Displacements of atoms during a molecular vibration therefore lead to distortions in the electric charge distribution of the molecule , which can be resolved into dipole , quadrupole , octopole , etc .
displacements of atoms during a molecular vibration therefore lead to distortions in the electric charge distribution of the molecule , which can be resolved into dipole , quadrupole , octopole , [and so on] .

One involves generating a short-lived species in the gas phase , by photolysis , thermolysis , chemical reaction , discharge , etc .
one involves generating a short-lived species in the gas phase , by photolysis , thermolysis , chemical reaction , discharge , [and so on] .

This leads to the familiar sets of s , p , d , f , etc .
this leads to the familiar sets of s , p , d , f , [and so on] .

‘ Edward by the Grace of God , etc .
‘ edward by the grace of god , [and so on] .

, to all Sheriffs , Bailiffs , etc .
, to all sheriffs , bailiffs , [and so on] .

It 's too thin , it 's too sharp , it 's better than it looks on the telly , it reminds them of the wife , it gets right up their nose , etc .
it 's too thin , it 's too sharp , it 's better than it looks on the telly , it reminds them of the wife , it gets right up their nose , [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

It 's only the busiest and best-known road in London linking Kings Cross , Euston , Baker Street etc , so why should he have ?
it 's only the busiest and best-known road in london linking kings cross , euston , baker street [and so on] , so why should he have ?

The personal characteristics included are those relevant to the chances of obtaining a given vacancy : age , marital status , race , individual 's labour market history , etc .
the personal characteristics included are those relevant to the chances of obtaining a given vacancy : age , marital status , race , individual 's labour market history , [and so on] .

Various effects , concerning offer probabilities , leisure and other variables , etc .
various effects , concerning offer probabilities , leisure and other variables , [and so on] .

The grade boundaries are established at 4 , 2 , 1 , 0·5 and 0·25 mm etc .
the grade boundaries are established at 4 , 2 , 1 , 0·5 and 0·25 mm [and so on] .

Beginners should not be satisfied with their earliest efforts , but should persevere , using a single rock sample and experimenting with etching times , pre-polishing , staining etc .
beginners should not be satisfied with their earliest efforts , but should persevere , using a single rock sample and experimenting with etching times , pre-polishing , staining [and so on] .

Many petrographic texts include visual comparators to be used in estimations of modal composition/mineral percentages , etc .
many petrographic texts include visual comparators to be used in estimations of modal composition/mineral percentages , [and so on] .

Intermediate class ( routine non-manual , small proprietors , etc . )
intermediate class ( routine non-manual , small proprietors , [and so on] . )

1989 Self-Governing Schools etc . ( Scotland ) Act
1989 self-governing schools [and so on] . ( scotland ) act

Local authorities now have four main sources of funds for capital expenditure : borrowing , which is subject to approval by central government ; capital grants , also from central government , which will specify the purposes for which they are to be used , and the amount the local authority must itself contribute ; capital receipts , from the sale of assets such as land and council houses , though the local authorities must first set aside 50 % of these receipts ( 75 % in the case of council house sales ) towards repaying their debts ; and ordinary revenue from the Community Charge , etc .
local authorities now have four main sources of funds for capital expenditure : borrowing , which is subject to approval by central government ; capital grants , also from central government , which will specify the purposes for which they are to be used , and the amount the local authority must itself contribute ; capital receipts , from the sale of assets such as land and council houses , though the local authorities must first set aside 50 % of these receipts ( 75 % in the case of council house sales ) towards repaying their debts ; and ordinary revenue from the community charge , [and so on] .

There are no inherently poetic themes : the poetic subjects of Romantic poetry ( moonlight , lakes , nightingales , roses , castles , etc . )
there are no inherently poetic themes : the poetic subjects of romantic poetry ( moonlight , lakes , nightingales , roses , castles , [and so on] . )

Rather , it is entirely by virtue of the sign in question that we distinguish a class of objects trees from other objects such as bushes , etc .
rather , it is entirely by virtue of the sign in question that we distinguish a class of objects trees from other objects such as bushes , [and so on] .

We identify the sound-image ‘ tree ’ by differentiating it from ‘ free ’ , ‘ try ’ , and so forth ; equally the meaning of the concept tree depends entirely on its difference from such related concepts as bush , plant , etc .
we identify the sound-image ‘ tree ’ by differentiating it from ‘ free ’ , ‘ try ’ , and so forth ; equally the meaning of the concept tree depends entirely on its difference from such related concepts as bush , plant , [and so on] .

The sound-image ‘ tree ’ is associated with ‘ free ’ , ‘ try ’ , etc .
the sound-image ‘ tree ’ is associated with ‘ free ’ , ‘ try ’ , [and so on] .

As Mukařovský wrote ( Garvin 1964 : 22 ) : The task of the structuralist analyst is therefore to identify deviations from existing linguistic and literary practice ( ‘ norms ’ ) occurring at one level of the text ( say its syntax ) , and then relate the structure of this level to that of the other levels ( rhythm , syllable-structure , aspects of subject matter , etc . )
as mukařovský wrote ( garvin 1964 : 22 ) : the task of the structuralist analyst is therefore to identify deviations from existing linguistic and literary practice ( ‘ norms ’ ) occurring at one level of the text ( say its syntax ) , and then relate the structure of this level to that of the other levels ( rhythm , syllable-structure , aspects of subject matter , [and so on] . )

It needs to be said , however , that ‘ stylistics ’ is also developing as a branch of general linguistics that studies variations in non-literary language use , notably variations connected with the different contexts in which language is used ( the style of journalism , official documents , radio commentaries , etc . )
it needs to be said , however , that ‘ stylistics ’ is also developing as a branch of general linguistics that studies variations in non-literary language use , notably variations connected with the different contexts in which language is used ( the style of journalism , official documents , radio commentaries , [and so on] . )

The unusual constructions in lines 10 — l 1 ( ‘ The broken wall ’ , etc .
the unusual constructions in lines 10 — l 1 ( ‘ the broken wall ’ , [and so on] .

As in a linguistic analysis , he begins by finding out what the basic units of combination are ( by analogy with the phonemes , morphemes , etc .
as in a linguistic analysis , he begins by finding out what the basic units of combination are ( by analogy with the phonemes , morphemes , [and so on] .

It involved a great deal of counting , sorting , matching , etc .
it involved a great deal of counting , sorting , matching , [and so on] .

The thing that worked best when we were going through an investigation was to get individual kids to come and explain it … mind you they made such a racket applauding them when they 'd finished etc .
the thing that worked best when we were going through an investigation was to get individual kids to come and explain it … mind you they made such a racket applauding them when they 'd finished [and so on] .

The declaration stated that , whereas heretofore , to wit , etc .
the declaration stated that , whereas heretofore , to wit , [and so on] .

, in consideration that the plaintiff , at the request of the defendant , had then consented to allow the defendant to weigh divers , to wit two , boilers of the plaintiff , of great value , etc .
, in consideration that the plaintiff , at the request of the defendant , had then consented to allow the defendant to weigh divers , to wit two , boilers of the plaintiff , of great value , [and so on] .

, defendant promised that he would , within a reasonable time after the said weighing was effected , leave and give up the boilers in as perfect and complete a condition , and as fit for use by plaintiff , as the same were in at the time of the consent so given by plaintiff ; and that , although in pursuance of the consent so given , defendant to wit , on , etc .
, defendant promised that he would , within a reasonable time after the said weighing was effected , leave and give up the boilers in as perfect and complete a condition , and as fit for use by plaintiff , as the same were in at the time of the consent so given by plaintiff ; and that , although in pursuance of the consent so given , defendant to wit , on , [and so on] .

, did weigh the same boilers , yet defendant did not nor would , within a reasonable time after the said weighing was effected leave and give up boilers in as perfect , etc .
, did weigh the same boilers , yet defendant did not nor would , within a reasonable time after the said weighing was effected leave and give up boilers in as perfect , [and so on] .

, but wholly neglected and refused so to do , although a reasonable time for that purpose had elapsed before the commencement of this suit ; and , on the contrary thereof , defendant afterwards , to wit on , etc .
, but wholly neglected and refused so to do , although a reasonable time for that purpose had elapsed before the commencement of this suit ; and , on the contrary thereof , defendant afterwards , to wit on , [and so on] .

, took the said boilers to pieces and did not put the same together again but left the same in a detached and divided condition , and in many different pieces , whereby plaintiff hath been put to great trouble , etc .
, took the said boilers to pieces and did not put the same together again but left the same in a detached and divided condition , and in many different pieces , whereby plaintiff hath been put to great trouble , [and so on] .

But though this was so , Lord Coke reports that it was resolved by the whole Court of Common Pleas ‘ that payment of a lesser sum on the day in satisfaction of a greater can not be any satisfaction for the whole , because it appears to the judges that by no possibility a lesser sum can be satisfaction to the plaintiff for a greater sum : but the gift of a horse , hawk , or robe , etc .
but though this was so , lord coke reports that it was resolved by the whole court of common pleas ‘ that payment of a lesser sum on the day in satisfaction of a greater can not be any satisfaction for the whole , because it appears to the judges that by no possibility a lesser sum can be satisfaction to the plaintiff for a greater sum : but the gift of a horse , hawk , or robe , [and so on] .

, in satisfaction is good for it shall be intended that a horse , hawk , or robe , etc .
, in satisfaction is good for it shall be intended that a horse , hawk , or robe , [and so on] .

internal fears and negative effects because of the success ; Anne feels guilty , unhappy , unfeminine , abnormal etc … ;
internal fears and negative effects because of the success ; anne feels guilty , unhappy , unfeminine , abnormal [and so on] … ;

Do you generally rely upon girls to perform the helping activities in the classroom ( for example , passing out supplies , collecting work , etc . ) ?
do you generally rely upon girls to perform the helping activities in the classroom ( for example , passing out supplies , collecting work , [and so on] . ) ?

( for example ‘ police officer ’ instead of ‘ policeman ’ , etc . )
( for example ‘ police officer ’ instead of ‘ policeman ’ , [and so on] . )

It took the form of a combination of taped , structured interviews with members of the arts departments in each school , together with at least one representative from the senior management of each school These interviews were transcribed and cross-referenced with documentary evidence in the form of observations of actual teaching , departmental syllabuses and other written material that either the departments or the schools were able to provide ( for example , school handbooks ; curriculum statements ; assessment policies ; etc . )
it took the form of a combination of taped , structured interviews with members of the arts departments in each school , together with at least one representative from the senior management of each school these interviews were transcribed and cross-referenced with documentary evidence in the form of observations of actual teaching , departmental syllabuses and other written material that either the departments or the schools were able to provide ( for example , school handbooks ; curriculum statements ; assessment policies ; [and so on] . )

At the end of each six week period we have an assessment session whereby they have to do a ‘ performance ’ to everybody else in that year , so the music can see what the dance has done … etc .
at the end of each six week period we have an assessment session whereby they have to do a ‘ performance ’ to everybody else in that year , so the music can see what the dance has done … [and so on] .

… and then we always have a time when the kids perform their pieces to one another , so first of all we as teachers can observe what is going on , and feed in comments to them if they need any technical help in terms of how to play musical instruments , etc …
… and then we always have a time when the kids perform their pieces to one another , so first of all we as teachers can observe what is going on , and feed in comments to them if they need any technical help in terms of how to play musical instruments , [and so on] …

In the lower sixth we try to do lots of experimentation … so they have a year of doing really interesting work , and then you have to pull them into line ; and you might say , ‘ You 've got to do composition , graphics , etc … and you 've got to work to these criteria .
in the lower sixth we try to do lots of experimentation … so they have a year of doing really interesting work , and then you have to pull them into line ; and you might say , ‘ you 've got to do composition , graphics , [and so on] … and you 've got to work to these criteria .

Structures of appreciation in art , music or mathematics , etc , present a paradigm for ‘ … the way we should structure our experience wherever and whenever we need to acquire genuinely useful information ’ ( ibid , p. 137 ) .
structures of appreciation in art , music or mathematics , [and so on] , present a paradigm for ‘ … the way we should structure our experience wherever and whenever we need to acquire genuinely useful information ’ ( ibid , p. 137 ) .

Thus , anti-monotony devises such as theme and variation or gradation of tone , colour , texture , etc , all introduce complexities that demand greater efforts of comparison , thereby making the process more interesting .
thus , anti-monotony devises such as theme and variation or gradation of tone , colour , texture , [and so on] , all introduce complexities that demand greater efforts of comparison , thereby making the process more interesting .

specifying features within each category , such as the formal qualities of ‘ line ’ , ‘ colour ’ , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ rhythm ’ , etc ;
specifying features within each category , such as the formal qualities of ‘ line ’ , ‘ colour ’ , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ rhythm ’ , [and so on] ;

For example , an observer construing Rousseau 's ‘ Dream ’ might notice aspects such as the jungle , man , woman , snake , sofa , moon , etc .
for example , an observer construing rousseau 's ‘ dream ’ might notice aspects such as the jungle , man , woman , snake , sofa , moon , [and so on] .

’ , she asked , and followed such questions with attempts to identify aspects in terms of specific features such as figures , a gravestone , a crucifix , etc before stating , ‘ It 's shocking — it 's so unbelievable !
’ , she asked , and followed such questions with attempts to identify aspects in terms of specific features such as figures , a gravestone , a crucifix , [and so on] before stating , ‘ it 's shocking — it 's so unbelievable !

The dress sword of Major the Honourable etc .
the dress sword of major the honourable [and so on] .

93 and think of estates and territories , rather than the more familiar but restricted terms such as baronies , parishes , manors , tithings , hundreds , etc .
93 and think of estates and territories , rather than the more familiar but restricted terms such as baronies , parishes , manors , tithings , hundreds , [and so on] .

Prehistorians have rationalised this recently in the absence of documentary evidence by looking for different ‘ activity areas ’ within settlements and such concepts as food processing , craft areas , food storage areas , etc .
prehistorians have rationalised this recently in the absence of documentary evidence by looking for different ‘ activity areas ’ within settlements and such concepts as food processing , craft areas , food storage areas , [and so on] .

We have already looked at the movement of settlements , changes in plan and form etc .
we have already looked at the movement of settlements , changes in plan and form [and so on] .

They provided traction ( pulling carts , ploughs , harrows etc . )
they provided traction ( pulling carts , ploughs , harrows [and so on] . )

Medium class housing — higher quality , semi 's etc
medium class housing — higher quality , semi 's [and so on]

High class housing — on outskirts for richer commuters etc
high class housing — on outskirts for richer commuters [and so on]

If they 're deep in concentration etc .
if they 're deep in concentration [and so on] .

The point is , a ) that a really determined motorcyclist or moped rider will find a way onto a path no matter what barriers are put up , and b ) that it is not right that the cyclists , disabled walkers etc at whom the facility is aimed , should be disadvantaged for the sake of the minority of potential abusers .
the point is , a ) that a really determined motorcyclist or moped rider will find a way onto a path no matter what barriers are put up , and b ) that it is not right that the cyclists , disabled walkers [and so on] at whom the facility is aimed , should be disadvantaged for the sake of the minority of potential abusers .

In all , including hire costs for barrows , spades , shovels etc , the estimate came to about £3,500 — compare this with the cost of building a mile of motorway !
in all , including hire costs for barrows , spades , shovels [and so on] , the estimate came to about £3,500 — compare this with the cost of building a mile of motorway !

The bollards at each end have been successful in keeping out vehicles , without impeding the passage of bicycles , prams etc .
the bollards at each end have been successful in keeping out vehicles , without impeding the passage of bicycles , prams [and so on] .

Our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks etc .
our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks [and so on] .

Our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks etc .
our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks [and so on] .

When there are homophones ( two words or forms with identical pronunciation ) , always use the infinitive , eg. sauter , not sautez , saute , sautee , etc even though pronounced the same .
when there are homophones ( two words or forms with identical pronunciation ) , always use the infinitive , eg. sauter , not sautez , saute , sautee , [and so on] even though pronounced the same .

We do not send you copies of every letter we write , minutes of every meeting we attend , etc because we assumed you would realise we were getting on with the job .
we do not send you copies of every letter we write , minutes of every meeting we attend , [and so on] because we assumed you would realise we were getting on with the job .

Why should those who come to the Park for enjoyment and healthy exercise — walking , cycling , jogging etc — have to put up with the danger , the noise , and the pollution created by those who are looking only to their own convenience ?
why should those who come to the park for enjoyment and healthy exercise — walking , cycling , jogging [and so on] — have to put up with the danger , the noise , and the pollution created by those who are looking only to their own convenience ?

Germany , Holland and Denmark have extensive networks of cycle paths , well signed , and with maps etc to encourage their use .
germany , holland and denmark have extensive networks of cycle paths , well signed , and with maps [and so on] to encourage their use .

Our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks etc .
our campaigns are for better cycling facilities , especially in urban areas , by encouraging local authorities to provide cycle lanes , segregated paths , joint pedestrian-cycle zones and crossings , parking racks [and so on] .

One day it was decided we would take our dinner to eat in the nearby Botanical Gardens , and we staggered down there laden with dishes , plates etc .
one day it was decided we would take our dinner to eat in the nearby botanical gardens , and we staggered down there laden with dishes , plates [and so on] .

We paid for our ‘ tenancy ’ by cleaning and tidying the kitchen , gardening , clearing out the gutters etc .
we paid for our ‘ tenancy ’ by cleaning and tidying the kitchen , gardening , clearing out the gutters [and so on] .

1 . Monitoring of planning applications in all the Regions of Scotland , especially those relating to roads , transport , parking etc , and putting in amendments and objections where needed ;
1 . monitoring of planning applications in all the regions of scotland , especially those relating to roads , transport , parking [and so on] , and putting in amendments and objections where needed ;

New Zealand has a network of ‘ backpackers ’ — small hostels , independently run , with a variety of sleeping facilities ( dormitory , family room , double room etc ) , and costing about £5 per person per night .
new zealand has a network of ‘ backpackers ’ — small hostels , independently run , with a variety of sleeping facilities ( dormitory , family room , double room [and so on] ) , and costing about £5 per person per night .

Scotland could have NZ-type backpackers in towns and villages , and in more remote areas farmers could convert barns , stables etc for accommodation .
scotland could have nz-type backpackers in towns and villages , and in more remote areas farmers could convert barns , stables [and so on] for accommodation .

The subsidies could in fact be used for converting barns etc for accommodation , and for path building and maintainance .
the subsidies could in fact be used for converting barns [and so on] for accommodation , and for path building and maintainance .

Probably landowners ’ main fears , and their reluctance to allow better access , are damage to stock , litter , etc from the minority of the public who do n't know better .
probably landowners ’ main fears , and their reluctance to allow better access , are damage to stock , litter , [and so on] from the minority of the public who do n't know better .

The time is three o'clock , etc .
the time is three o'clock , [and so on] .

On a similar matter a local resident mentioned that the owners of the property known as Rivendell have , in effect , extended their garden by planting shrubs etc on the grass verge thus making it impossible for either vehicles or pedestrians to use this as a refuge in an emergency .
on a similar matter a local resident mentioned that the owners of the property known as rivendell have , in effect , extended their garden by planting shrubs [and so on] on the grass verge thus making it impossible for either vehicles or pedestrians to use this as a refuge in an emergency .

It was also thought that adequate facilities should be provided for the needs of tourists and visitors in the form of parking , signposts , information leaflets etc .
it was also thought that adequate facilities should be provided for the needs of tourists and visitors in the form of parking , signposts , information leaflets [and so on] .

They asked the Parish Council , therefore , to approach Wyre Borough and ask for help with tasks such as mowing etc .
they asked the parish council , therefore , to approach wyre borough and ask for help with tasks such as mowing [and so on] .

If you want to broaden your horizons , do some good for your colleagues , learn lots of new skills relating to meetings , negotiating , etc , this is probably the job for you .
if you want to broaden your horizons , do some good for your colleagues , learn lots of new skills relating to meetings , negotiating , [and so on] , this is probably the job for you .

Once it was decided to launch the Bond the Product Development team set to work in determining the financial aspects of the plan — how it would actually work , etc .
once it was decided to launch the bond the product development team set to work in determining the financial aspects of the plan — how it would actually work , [and so on] .

In return for the initial outlay the gardener will obtain a place to grow aquatic plants and a mini nature reserve for insects , birds , newts etc .
in return for the initial outlay the gardener will obtain a place to grow aquatic plants and a mini nature reserve for insects , birds , newts [and so on] .

This time , the chief of the Nationalist Airforce , General Kindelán , put forward the proposal that , for the duration of hostilities , the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces should also have responsibility for `` all national activities : political , economic , social , cultural , etc . ``
this time , the chief of the nationalist airforce , general kindelán , put forward the proposal that , for the duration of hostilities , the commander-in-chief of the armed forces should also have responsibility for `` all national activities : political , economic , social , cultural , [and so on] . ``

This meant that , instead of being composed entirely of separate infantry , cavalry , motorized , engineering , supplies and medical units , it also contained battalions each of which had its own infantry , cavalry , motorized , etc .
this meant that , instead of being composed entirely of separate infantry , cavalry , motorized , engineering , supplies and medical units , it also contained battalions each of which had its own infantry , cavalry , motorized , [and so on] .

Is the Nat Sec the person through whom all dealings with the nation 's Churches at central level are to be conducted ( eg Synods , Assemblies , central women 's organisations , youth offices etc ) ?
is the nat sec the person through whom all dealings with the nation 's churches at central level are to be conducted ( eg synods , assemblies , central women 's organisations , youth offices [and so on] ) ?

Concern has been expressed in many quarters about recent apparent changes in the attitude of the police to Charity Sponsored Walks , etc .
concern has been expressed in many quarters about recent apparent changes in the attitude of the police to charity sponsored walks , [and so on] .

Literacy , health care , community organization , improved agriculture , etc , are what people usually want .
literacy , health care , community organization , improved agriculture , [and so on] , are what people usually want .

The more we discover about the interactions of world poverty , ecoclimate , world trade arrangements , debt , etc .
the more we discover about the interactions of world poverty , ecoclimate , world trade arrangements , debt , [and so on] .

Ella and Ernest going . Karen and Jenny staying to keep office open , etc !
ella and ernest going . karen and jenny staying to keep office open , [and so on] !

Comments were in the range : Good , excellent , not too rigid , ran very smoothly , very good , etc .
comments were in the range : good , excellent , not too rigid , ran very smoothly , very good , [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

All the others said they would definitely recommend it to : committee , collectors , volunteers , interested people , demotivated people etc .
all the others said they would definitely recommend it to : committee , collectors , volunteers , interested people , demotivated people [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

To continue to develop the relationship between the Sub-Committee and Scottish Partners by visits/time on the Sub-Committee for Partners etc .
to continue to develop the relationship between the sub-committee and scottish partners by visits/time on the sub-committee for partners [and so on] .

Christian Aid was involved in a Third World Consortium which has now ceased to exist — why ? We should look into this and learn from successes/mistakes , etc .
christian aid was involved in a third world consortium which has now ceased to exist — why ? we should look into this and learn from successes/mistakes , [and so on] .

Direct correspondence — perhaps between linking committees , and between churches and churches ; schools and schools , etc .
direct correspondence — perhaps between linking committees , and between churches and churches ; schools and schools , [and so on] .

In 6.2 , 15 files ( letters , memos , reports etc . )
in 6.2 , 15 files ( letters , memos , reports [and so on] . )

looking back to learning activities completed and identifying achievements , difficulties , methods of working , insights gained , etc ;
looking back to learning activities completed and identifying achievements , difficulties , methods of working , insights gained , [and so on] ;

Design of a range of means of gathering assessment evidence , eg. self and peer-assessment procedures , supervisors ' reports etc .
design of a range of means of gathering assessment evidence , eg. self and peer-assessment procedures , supervisors ' reports [and so on] .

Subjects which may be investigated are very wide-ranging and may be drawn from history , the environment , politics , culture or from issues of local concern — housing , consumer issues , education etc .
subjects which may be investigated are very wide-ranging and may be drawn from history , the environment , politics , culture or from issues of local concern — housing , consumer issues , education [and so on] .

The student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .
the student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus [and so on] as strategies .

It can be difficult to assess high-inference skills such as originality , commitment , initiative … etc .
it can be difficult to assess high-inference skills such as originality , commitment , initiative … [and so on] .

Although cans have been considered here , the principle may be applied to other containers , eg milk cartons , soap powder boxes etc .
although cans have been considered here , the principle may be applied to other containers , eg milk cartons , soap powder boxes [and so on] .

The key factors such as turnaround time , effect of breakdowns , peak times etc should be taken into account .
the key factors such as turnaround time , effect of breakdowns , peak times [and so on] should be taken into account .

’ etc … They could say it is human as soon as the egg is fertilised .
’ [and so on] … they could say it is human as soon as the egg is fertilised .

Briefly outline what witches do , when they appear and what part they play in Macbeth ‘ s decisions etc … power of evil .
briefly outline what witches do , when they appear and what part they play in macbeth ‘ s decisions [and so on] … power of evil .

George would probably be extremely lonely on his own , and that is probably why he conceived the idea of the dream ; the cottage , the pigs , the rabbits etc .
george would probably be extremely lonely on his own , and that is probably why he conceived the idea of the dream ; the cottage , the pigs , the rabbits [and so on] .

Conventional armaments contain such types as : land based military forces ( ie soldiers and tanks ) ; sea forces ( destroyers , frigates etc .
conventional armaments contain such types as : land based military forces ( ie soldiers and tanks ) ; sea forces ( destroyers , frigates [and so on] .

Macbeth is not happy to see Ross etc , as in play
macbeth is not happy to see ross [and so on] , as in play

On the ballot paper it was unclear whether the member was voting ‘ yes or no ’ to all industrial action or only to certain aspects — no overtime , non-attendance at meetings etc .
on the ballot paper it was unclear whether the member was voting ‘ yes or no ’ to all industrial action or only to certain aspects — no overtime , non-attendance at meetings [and so on] .

It is concerned with regulating the relationships of an individual with other individuals and comprises Contract Law , Tort ( civil wrong ) , the Law of Property and Succession and Family Law etc .
it is concerned with regulating the relationships of an individual with other individuals and comprises contract law , tort ( civil wrong ) , the law of property and succession and family law [and so on] .

They should set an example by observing rules and regulations , using protective equipment , etc .
they should set an example by observing rules and regulations , using protective equipment , [and so on] .

CCTVs installed etc .
cctvs installed [and so on] .

Yet on the other hand surviving evidence tends to vindicate Richard Padley 's accusation , in the Fabian survey of evacuation , that Whitehall used the decentralised local government system to shirk its responsibilities ; the Ministry of Health and Board of Education , he maintained , doled out ‘ platitudinous ’ advice via circulars and adopted an attitude of complacency over the possibility of medical problems among evacuee children , such as malnutrition , head lice , impetigo , etc .
yet on the other hand surviving evidence tends to vindicate richard padley 's accusation , in the fabian survey of evacuation , that whitehall used the decentralised local government system to shirk its responsibilities ; the ministry of health and board of education , he maintained , doled out ‘ platitudinous ’ advice via circulars and adopted an attitude of complacency over the possibility of medical problems among evacuee children , such as malnutrition , head lice , impetigo , [and so on] .

5 Lack of meeting places and facilities for social gatherings , meetings , etc .
5 lack of meeting places and facilities for social gatherings , meetings , [and so on] .

7 Occupation of the more responsible party workers on civil defence duties and national work , including Air Raid Precautions , fire-watching , Home Guard , salvage drives , war savings groups , Women 's Voluntary Service , etc .
7 occupation of the more responsible party workers on civil defence duties and national work , including air raid precautions , fire-watching , home guard , salvage drives , war savings groups , women 's voluntary service , [and so on] .

This may partly reflect the fact that many aspects of the situation ( road layout , signs , shops etc . )
this may partly reflect the fact that many aspects of the situation ( road layout , signs , shops [and so on] . )

their speed , proximity to other vehicles etc .
their speed , proximity to other vehicles [and so on] .

name of caller , telephone number , exact message , if they would like the recipient to return the call , etc .
name of caller , telephone number , exact message , if they would like the recipient to return the call , [and so on] .

Mr Rushton , Mr Marwick , etc .
mr rushton , mr marwick , [and so on] .

Complete registration/booking form ie. name of delegate(s) , designation , address etc .
complete registration/booking form ie. name of delegate(s) , designation , address [and so on] .

Check with employee to ensure all outstanding overtime , expenses , mileage claims etc .
check with employee to ensure all outstanding overtime , expenses , mileage claims [and so on] .

Refer to circulation list ( copy attached ) for distribution of magazines etc .
refer to circulation list ( copy attached ) for distribution of magazines [and so on] .

, date of self certificate/doctors line , when up to etc .
, date of self certificate/doctors line , when up to [and so on] .

branch librarian , local District Office administrator to confirm the details , check if display boards etc are available and thank for their cooperation .
branch librarian , local district office administrator to confirm the details , check if display boards [and so on] are available and thank for their cooperation .

Well used by play–groups , dance classes and senior citizen groups etc .
well used by play–groups , dance classes and senior citizen groups [and so on] .

Name of organisation offering invitation , dates etc .
name of organisation offering invitation , dates [and so on] .

Relationship to Department of Highways , e.g. client , contractor , official body , etc .
relationship to department of highways , e.g. client , contractor , official body , [and so on] .

The Contractor will be required to provide his own supply for drinking water etc .
the contractor will be required to provide his own supply for drinking water [and so on] .

sponsorship of a general nature for publicity materials , etc
sponsorship of a general nature for publicity materials , [and so on]

household , travel , private motoring etc .
household , travel , private motoring [and so on] .

The problems he encountered , which included the use of authors ’ names ( gender differences , dropped initials , etc . )
the problems he encountered , which included the use of authors ’ names ( gender differences , dropped initials , [and so on] . )

Research on , for example , molluscan biology , archaeology , vegetational variation , etc .
research on , for example , molluscan biology , archaeology , vegetational variation , [and so on] .

It is true that Edinburgh University is active in more than one of the earth science sub-fields — geology per se , geophysics , geochemistry , mineralogy , geomorphology etc .
it is true that edinburgh university is active in more than one of the earth science sub-fields — geology per se , geophysics , geochemistry , mineralogy , geomorphology [and so on] .

Whilst geological studies were employed during the last War , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges etc .
whilst geological studies were employed during the last war , in surveys of landing beaches , roadway planning , water supply , bridges [and so on] .

Departmental libraries have had some degree of autonomy in the past , and copies of theses could be found in the departmental libraries in Geology ( for geology , geochemistry , palaeontology , mineralogy , and geophysics ) and Geography ( physical geography , geomorphology , soils , etc . )
departmental libraries have had some degree of autonomy in the past , and copies of theses could be found in the departmental libraries in geology ( for geology , geochemistry , palaeontology , mineralogy , and geophysics ) and geography ( physical geography , geomorphology , soils , [and so on] . )

To substantiate claims of priority , etc .
to substantiate claims of priority , [and so on] .

To authenticate basic data ( constants , etc . )
to authenticate basic data ( constants , [and so on] . )

( All statistical formulae etc are from Sokal & Rohlf ) .
( all statistical formulae [and so on] are from sokal & rohlf ) .

Thus , the accounts offered by respondents of their experience , their conditions of life , etc .
thus , the accounts offered by respondents of their experience , their conditions of life , [and so on] .

Indeed , in such disciplines , measures are strictly derived from the mathematical theory ; measurement being akin to engineering where the measurement devices , be they atomic clocks , watches , thermometers , lasers , electronic counters , dials , etc .
indeed , in such disciplines , measures are strictly derived from the mathematical theory ; measurement being akin to engineering where the measurement devices , be they atomic clocks , watches , thermometers , lasers , electronic counters , dials , [and so on] .

Thus , and again for example , the measure of velocity v=d/t can be instantiated in a number of ways , in car speedometers , lasers bounced off the moon , radar , inertial navigation , astrolabes , etc .
thus , and again for example , the measure of velocity v=d/t can be instantiated in a number of ways , in car speedometers , lasers bounced off the moon , radar , inertial navigation , astrolabes , [and so on] .

In this way , it is proposed , the effect of occupation on , say , political affiliation , can be explored by holding constant marital status , level of education , etc .
in this way , it is proposed , the effect of occupation on , say , political affiliation , can be explored by holding constant marital status , level of education , [and so on] .

The random selection of cases is an approximation to experimental randomisation if it can be assumed that the population from which the sample is drawn is homogeneous : a reasonable assumption when dealing with a population of seeds , plants , germs , etc .
the random selection of cases is an approximation to experimental randomisation if it can be assumed that the population from which the sample is drawn is homogeneous : a reasonable assumption when dealing with a population of seeds , plants , germs , [and so on] .

In cases such as this substitutes to this ideal are used , such as electoral registers , lists of households , etc .
in cases such as this substitutes to this ideal are used , such as electoral registers , lists of households , [and so on] .

Based on current values , up to 1,000,000 forints ' worth of land and 200,000 forints ' worth of other property ( houses , hotels , factories , etc . )
based on current values , up to 1,000,000 forints ' worth of land and 200,000 forints ' worth of other property ( houses , hotels , factories , [and so on] . )

Process comprises all that is done to the patient with these resources , both clinically ( diagnostic and therapeutic procedures ) and nonclinically ( nursing care , " hotel " services , etc ) .
process comprises all that is done to the patient with these resources , both clinically ( diagnostic and therapeutic procedures ) and nonclinically ( nursing care , " hotel " services , [and so on] ) .

The best starting point for understanding time and its measurement will be the children 's own experience and the landmarks in their own very short life such as birthdays , going to school , the birth of brothers and sisters , etc .
the best starting point for understanding time and its measurement will be the children 's own experience and the landmarks in their own very short life such as birthdays , going to school , the birth of brothers and sisters , [and so on] .

To describe a castle they need to learn to use words like moat , turrets , battlements , keep , arrow slits , gatehouse , drawbridge , portcullis , etc .
to describe a castle they need to learn to use words like moat , turrets , battlements , keep , arrow slits , gatehouse , drawbridge , portcullis , [and so on] .

It is possible , too , to capitalise on topical events , like holidays , Christmas etc .
it is possible , too , to capitalise on topical events , like holidays , christmas [and so on] .

Resources in the locality ( sites , museums , specialists ) , etc .
resources in the locality ( sites , museums , specialists ) , [and so on] .

Literature about other possible site visits elsewhere , and notes on useful material in museums or museum loan collections , etc .
literature about other possible site visits elsewhere , and notes on useful material in museums or museum loan collections , [and so on] .

From this they could create a map of the Viking world , using different symbols for settlement , raiding , trading activities , exploration , etc .
from this they could create a map of the viking world , using different symbols for settlement , raiding , trading activities , exploration , [and so on] .

( 9 ) Looking at art , architecture , inscriptions or statues , etc .
( 9 ) looking at art , architecture , inscriptions or statues , [and so on] .

( 17 ) Using a computer interrogating a database ; consulting a viewdata programme ; carrying out a simulation of some kind ; inputting data onto a database ; using word processing packages to produce written work for history ; using a computer to generate barcharts , graphs , etc .
( 17 ) using a computer interrogating a database ; consulting a viewdata programme ; carrying out a simulation of some kind ; inputting data onto a database ; using word processing packages to produce written work for history ; using a computer to generate barcharts , graphs , [and so on] .

On-site interpretation — talks , guided tours , audio-visual presentations , etc .
on-site interpretation — talks , guided tours , audio-visual presentations , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Organised events , " living history sessions " , activities , theatre in education workshops , etc .
organised events , " living history sessions " , activities , theatre in education workshops , [and so on] .

Handling sessions , workshops , etc .
handling sessions , workshops , [and so on] .

Most museums offer relevant publications , guide books , document packs , slides , teachers ' notes etc .
most museums offer relevant publications , guide books , document packs , slides , teachers ' notes [and so on] .

They are particularly useful for events of a narrative kind , a battle , the course of a war , a plague or cholera epidemic , etc .
they are particularly useful for events of a narrative kind , a battle , the course of a war , a plague or cholera epidemic , [and so on] .

These are useful programmes also in that they can utilise a wide range of archive source material , ( excerpts from letters , diaries , newspaper accounts , official reports etc ) .
these are useful programmes also in that they can utilise a wide range of archive source material , ( excerpts from letters , diaries , newspaper accounts , official reports [and so on] ) .

Authoring programmes , concept keyboard , etc .
authoring programmes , concept keyboard , [and so on] .

Wordprocessors , desk-top publishing software , etc .
wordprocessors , desk-top publishing software , [and so on] .

The Enterprise Centre 's crucial role in the University on staff development is one of initiation — to provide an opportunity to ‘ pilot ’ new ideas , ‘ courses ’ , schemes etc .
the enterprise centre 's crucial role in the university on staff development is one of initiation — to provide an opportunity to ‘ pilot ’ new ideas , ‘ courses ’ , schemes [and so on] .

Course dates , formats , and registration procedures etc vary considerably among the participating organisations .
course dates , formats , and registration procedures [and so on] vary considerably among the participating organisations .

The database holds two kinds of information — general information on each organisation ( name , address , business type etc . )
the database holds two kinds of information — general information on each organisation ( name , address , business type [and so on] . )

and more specific information about the particular contacts with that organisation ( type of contact , date , Napier contact person etc . )
and more specific information about the particular contacts with that organisation ( type of contact , date , napier contact person [and so on] . )

communication between school and University needs to be clearer to eliminate problems in timetabling of examinations , school and University holiday schedules , etc .
communication between school and university needs to be clearer to eliminate problems in timetabling of examinations , school and university holiday schedules , [and so on] .

However , administration of the scheme is costly in terms of time and it seems unlikely that it would be feasible to operate it on a large scale . Evidence so far suggests , though , that it is proving its value , both for the individuals concerned and also means of making links with employers which could develop into other areas such as project work , secondments etc ..
however , administration of the scheme is costly in terms of time and it seems unlikely that it would be feasible to operate it on a large scale . evidence so far suggests , though , that it is proving its value , both for the individuals concerned and also means of making links with employers which could develop into other areas such as project work , secondments [and so on] ..

164 `` Report on Formalities for Contracts for Sale etc .
164 `` report on formalities for contracts for sale [and so on] .

It is thought that `` effective `` relates to the entry , not to the possibility of theft , rape , etc .
it is thought that `` effective `` relates to the entry , not to the possibility of theft , rape , [and so on] .

The time at which he must have it with him is the time when he stole etc .
the time at which he must have it with him is the time when he stole [and so on] .

Handling means : ( a ) receiving the goods ; ( b ) undertaking the retention , removal , disposal or realisation of the goods by and for the benefit of another person ; ( c ) assisting in their retention etc .
handling means : ( a ) receiving the goods ; ( b ) undertaking the retention , removal , disposal or realisation of the goods by and for the benefit of another person ; ( c ) assisting in their retention [and so on] .

( a ) Murder and serious non-fatal offences ( except for games , chastisement , etc ) : a person can not consent to being killed , nor can one consent to grievous bodily harm .
( a ) murder and serious non-fatal offences ( except for games , chastisement , [and so on] ) : a person can not consent to being killed , nor can one consent to grievous bodily harm .

It is helpful to bear in mind these recurrent instruction words ( `` discuss `` , `` assess `` , etc . )
it is helpful to bear in mind these recurrent instruction words ( `` discuss `` , `` assess `` , [and so on] . )

Establish in your mind the scope and boundaries of the material which will be relevant , bearing in mind the formulation of the question ( `` choose two plays by Shakespeare `` , etc . )
establish in your mind the scope and boundaries of the material which will be relevant , bearing in mind the formulation of the question ( `` choose two plays by shakespeare `` , [and so on] . )

holidays , weekends , need for rest , etc . )
holidays , weekends , need for rest , [and so on] . )

example If you start from an area of interest which is " Irony in Jane Austen 's novel Emma " , try to work out some questions to ask , such as , " Do any of the characters in Emma deliberately use irony ? " ; " Which characters use irony , and which do n't ? " ; " Is there a distinction between the way men use irony and women use irony in Emma ? " , etc .
example if you start from an area of interest which is " irony in jane austen 's novel emma " , try to work out some questions to ask , such as , " do any of the characters in emma deliberately use irony ? " ; " which characters use irony , and which do n't ? " ; " is there a distinction between the way men use irony and women use irony in emma ? " , [and so on] .

If you want to talk about the work of an author , you need to judge how many texts to talk about and how varied your selection needs to be ( many authors write in different modes : novels , short stories , poems , diaries and letters , etc ) .
if you want to talk about the work of an author , you need to judge how many texts to talk about and how varied your selection needs to be ( many authors write in different modes : novels , short stories , poems , diaries and letters , [and so on] ) .

One context in which it makes a difference is when you refer to a text by page or line number ; different versions are often different in this respect , so the least you should do is tell your reader which edition you are referring to ( which publisher , editor , etc . )
one context in which it makes a difference is when you refer to a text by page or line number ; different versions are often different in this respect , so the least you should do is tell your reader which edition you are referring to ( which publisher , editor , [and so on] . )

Because literary texts exist in different editions it can be more helpful instead to note the chapter number , act and scene number , line number , etc .
because literary texts exist in different editions it can be more helpful instead to note the chapter number , act and scene number , line number , [and so on] .

Allow for unexpected breaks such as days when libraries are closed , delays while materials arrive through the post , days when you do n't feel like working , etc .
allow for unexpected breaks such as days when libraries are closed , delays while materials arrive through the post , days when you do n't feel like working , [and so on] .

( h ) What effect does the passage have on you ? And would it be likely to have a significantly different effect on other readers ( e.g. readers from a different historical period , different class , different country , different gender or ethnic group , etc . ) ?
( h ) what effect does the passage have on you ? and would it be likely to have a significantly different effect on other readers ( e.g. readers from a different historical period , different class , different country , different gender or ethnic group , [and so on] . ) ?

The materials you have collected together ( the events in the story , the biography of an author , etc . )
the materials you have collected together ( the events in the story , the biography of an author , [and so on] . )

This prompts you to do something else , namely to work out the relationship between the parts of the list : why all the different sorts of tragedy are all called tragedy , what the historical sequence and links between them are , etc .
this prompts you to do something else , namely to work out the relationship between the parts of the list : why all the different sorts of tragedy are all called tragedy , what the historical sequence and links between them are , [and so on] .

In order to do this , we classify the adverts into types `` aimed at women `` and `` aimed at men `` ( we could instead have classified them as `` television `` versus `` magazine `` or `` Italian `` versus `` British `` , etc .
in order to do this , we classify the adverts into types `` aimed at women `` and `` aimed at men `` ( we could instead have classified them as `` television `` versus `` magazine `` or `` italian `` versus `` british `` , [and so on] .

Here are some of the features of the register of conversational speech which an academic register avoids : — contractions like `` there 's `` , `` it 's `` , `` they 've `` , etc .
here are some of the features of the register of conversational speech which an academic register avoids : — contractions like `` there 's `` , `` it 's `` , `` they 've `` , [and so on] .

These can be replaced with : `` there is `` , `` it is `` , `` they have `` , etc .
these can be replaced with : `` there is `` , `` it is `` , `` they have `` , [and so on] .

Philosophically , it could be argued in any case that most or all words present analogous difficulties , and need to be put in scare quotes ( `` the 'topic ' of this 'essay ' is the 'issue ' of the 'author 's ' 'intentions ' `` , etc . )
philosophically , it could be argued in any case that most or all words present analogous difficulties , and need to be put in scare quotes ( `` the 'topic ' of this 'essay ' is the 'issue ' of the 'author 's ' 'intentions ' `` , [and so on] . )

The result is poetic texts about poems ; ironic essays about ironic texts ; satirical texts about satire , etc .
the result is poetic texts about poems ; ironic essays about ironic texts ; satirical texts about satire , [and so on] .

The false generic `` Man/mankind `` should be replaced by `` people `` , `` humankind `` , `` etc .
the false generic `` man/mankind `` should be replaced by `` people `` , `` humankind `` , `` [and so on] .

Similarly , you should avoid terms such as `` poetess `` , `` actress `` , `` lady novelist `` , etc .
similarly , you should avoid terms such as `` poetess `` , `` actress `` , `` lady novelist `` , [and so on] .

, which are all asymmetrical with the male-counterpart term ( `` poet `` , `` actor `` , etc . )
, which are all asymmetrical with the male-counterpart term ( `` poet `` , `` actor `` , [and so on] . )

In general , groups of people must be allowed to choose their own names : no group chooses to call itself `` Red Indians `` or `` Negroes `` , so you should avoid these terms ; `` coloured `` is generally considered unacceptable by people to whom the term is applied ; etc .
in general , groups of people must be allowed to choose their own names : no group chooses to call itself `` red indians `` or `` negroes `` , so you should avoid these terms ; `` coloured `` is generally considered unacceptable by people to whom the term is applied ; [and so on] .

The phrase `` come to the end of our `` suggests a pleasant , shared experience or excursion ; and the expression `` oldest vernacular poetry in Western Europe `` calls to mind less the language of analysis or scholarship than that of advertising or publicity ( where things are valued because they are the best , the oldest , etc . )
the phrase `` come to the end of our `` suggests a pleasant , shared experience or excursion ; and the expression `` oldest vernacular poetry in western europe `` calls to mind less the language of analysis or scholarship than that of advertising or publicity ( where things are valued because they are the best , the oldest , [and so on] . )

If you do use sub-sections you can number them ( 1 , 1.1 , 1.2 , etc . )
if you do use sub-sections you can number them ( 1 , 1.1 , 1.2 , [and so on] . )

hearsay disjuncts : ( allegedly , reportedly , etc . )
hearsay disjuncts : ( allegedly , reportedly , [and so on] . )

evidential disjuncts : ( clearly , obviously , etc . )
evidential disjuncts : ( clearly , obviously , [and so on] . )

attitudinal disjuncts : ( unfortunately , sadly , luckily , etc . )
attitudinal disjuncts : ( unfortunately , sadly , luckily , [and so on] . )

Notice that the verbs of reporting are shared : `` argues `` , `` suggests `` , `` points out `` , etc .
notice that the verbs of reporting are shared : `` argues `` , `` suggests `` , `` points out `` , [and so on] .

At the same time , amend other aspects of presentation ( such as register , use of quotations , etc . )
at the same time , amend other aspects of presentation ( such as register , use of quotations , [and so on] . )

It is also true of Barbados , though this has been questioned : Barbadian ( `` Bajan `` ) is somewhat less different from British English than Jamaican , Guyanese , etc .
it is also true of barbados , though this has been questioned : barbadian ( `` bajan `` ) is somewhat less different from british english than jamaican , guyanese , [and so on] .

In addition to the recording of all the talk , formal and informal , a questionnaire was used to collect information on community involvement , education , lifestyles ( church-goer , Rastafarian , etc . )
in addition to the recording of all the talk , formal and informal , a questionnaire was used to collect information on community involvement , education , lifestyles ( church-goer , rastafarian , [and so on] . )

The preferred response — the most likely one — is agreement , shown by the use of agreement tokens like `` yeah `` , `` right `` , repetition of the last speaker 's key words , etc .
the preferred response — the most likely one — is agreement , shown by the use of agreement tokens like `` yeah `` , `` right `` , repetition of the last speaker 's key words , [and so on] .

For Gumperz is able to draw a distinction between a `` we `` code , used in the family , the village , or among peers , and a `` they `` code , which is used to talk to outsiders , on official business , in encounters outside the community , etc .
for gumperz is able to draw a distinction between a `` we `` code , used in the family , the village , or among peers , and a `` they `` code , which is used to talk to outsiders , on official business , in encounters outside the community , [and so on] .

Whether `` convergence `` or `` divergence `` takes place is dependent mainly on the relationship between the participants in the encounter , including factors such as the setting ( institutional or informal ) , relative status , prior acquaintance , etc .
whether `` convergence `` or `` divergence `` takes place is dependent mainly on the relationship between the participants in the encounter , including factors such as the setting ( institutional or informal ) , relative status , prior acquaintance , [and so on] .

There are certain restrictions on the occupier 's freedom to exclude etc .
there are certain restrictions on the occupier 's freedom to exclude [and so on] .

Marketing and get-up etc .
marketing and get-up [and so on] .

etc , etc , etc .
[and so on] , [and so on] , [and so on] .

etc etc etc .
[and so on] [and so on] [and so on] .

Requirement to state certain matters on stationery , etc .
requirement to state certain matters on stationery , [and so on] .

members , employees , etc .
members , employees , [and so on] .

The great , who live profusely The rich , who live plentifully The middle sort , who live well The working trades , who labour hard , but feel no want The country people , farmers , etc .
the great , who live profusely the rich , who live plentifully the middle sort , who live well the working trades , who labour hard , but feel no want the country people , farmers , [and so on] .

Superior to these , are the guides or masters , in such works or employments , and those are called artists , mechanics or craftsmen ; and in general all are understood in this one word mechanics ; such are clothiers , weavers etc. handicrafts in hardware , brass , iron , steel , copper etc .
superior to these , are the guides or masters , in such works or employments , and those are called artists , mechanics or craftsmen ; and in general all are understood in this one word mechanics ; such are clothiers , weavers etc. handicrafts in hardware , brass , iron , steel , copper [and so on] .

The number of shepherds , stockmen , etc .
the number of shepherds , stockmen , [and so on] .

Heating water etc .
heating water [and so on] .

An early nineteenth-century parson wrote : In the last age some of the rusticated clergy used to favour the popular superstition , by pretending to the power of laying ghosts etc .
an early nineteenth-century parson wrote : in the last age some of the rusticated clergy used to favour the popular superstition , by pretending to the power of laying ghosts [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

He has described the vulgar pastimes of football , bull baiting , etc .
he has described the vulgar pastimes of football , bull baiting , [and so on] .

It was not simply a matter of counter action , for the chapel with its meetings , services , love-feasts , etc .
it was not simply a matter of counter action , for the chapel with its meetings , services , love-feasts , [and so on] .

phones , diphones , syllables , etc ) , there are few if any acoustic cues to the boundaries between such units .
phones , diphones , syllables , [and so on] ) , there are few if any acoustic cues to the boundaries between such units .

It permits right context effects of the type reported by Warren & Sherman ( 1974 ) where listeners tended to hear differently depending on whether the following phrase was : — eel of the shoe , of the orange , of the car , etc .
it permits right context effects of the type reported by warren & sherman ( 1974 ) where listeners tended to hear differently depending on whether the following phrase was : — eel of the shoe , of the orange , of the car , [and so on] .

acoustic-phonetic , phonemic , morphemic , syntactic , etc ) .
acoustic-phonetic , phonemic , morphemic , syntactic , [and so on] ) .

For example if the first two phonemes in the string are the set of possible interpretations will be reduced to all words beginning re - such as repudiate , rebuke , etc .
for example if the first two phonemes in the string are the set of possible interpretations will be reduced to all words beginning re - such as repudiate , rebuke , [and so on] .

Lee selected 42 words ( see Table 7.1 ) including some non-function words such as find , show , give , etc .
lee selected 42 words ( see table 7.1 ) including some non-function words such as find , show , give , [and so on] .

Since can ( auxiliary ) is marked as unstressed in our lexicon , the parse of an utterance such as , Yes , he can , sir ( with the emphasis on can ) could contain confusions with lexical items such as cancer , can , etc .
since can ( auxiliary ) is marked as unstressed in our lexicon , the parse of an utterance such as , yes , he can , sir ( with the emphasis on can ) could contain confusions with lexical items such as cancer , can , [and so on] .

If this were not done , then many second best , third best , etc matches in the high scoring region could be considered before any theories worked their way across the low scoring regions .
if this were not done , then many second best , third best , [and so on] matches in the high scoring region could be considered before any theories worked their way across the low scoring regions .

The information stored includes names and addresses of existing and potential customers together with details of the customers ' operations and views on the customers ' credit worthiness , payment facilities , discounts , etc .
the information stored includes names and addresses of existing and potential customers together with details of the customers ' operations and views on the customers ' credit worthiness , payment facilities , discounts , [and so on] .

By section 296 of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act , devices or means specifically designed or adapted to circumvent copy-protection of works issued to the public in electronic form are controlled by treating the making , importation , sale or hire , possession in the course of business , etc .
by section 296 of the copyright , designs and patents act , devices or means specifically designed or adapted to circumvent copy-protection of works issued to the public in electronic form are controlled by treating the making , importation , sale or hire , possession in the course of business , [and so on] .

Examples include : the automatic generation of weather forecasts by a computer communicating with satellites , the selection of lists of random numbers for a competition or for the Premium Bond draw , programs which produce artistic designs or music automatically , being based upon a set of rules built into the program , a program designed to simulate some particular environment , such as climate , monetary systems , battle scenarios , etc .
examples include : the automatic generation of weather forecasts by a computer communicating with satellites , the selection of lists of random numbers for a competition or for the premium bond draw , programs which produce artistic designs or music automatically , being based upon a set of rules built into the program , a program designed to simulate some particular environment , such as climate , monetary systems , battle scenarios , [and so on] .

If a design right monopoly were to be granted to spare parts , manufacturers of cars , washing machines , computers , etc .
if a design right monopoly were to be granted to spare parts , manufacturers of cars , washing machines , computers , [and so on] .

An air of confidence must be maintained during negotiations between those with new ideas for software , computer systems , etc .
an air of confidence must be maintained during negotiations between those with new ideas for software , computer systems , [and so on] .

If purchased then the Sale of Goods Act 1979 will apply and the usual terms involving merchantable quality , fitness for purpose , etc .
if purchased then the sale of goods act 1979 will apply and the usual terms involving merchantable quality , fitness for purpose , [and so on] .

There may also be implications under the Health and Safety at Work etc .
there may also be implications under the health and safety at work [and so on] .

It is rare for the scene to shift to a setting of higher status , in a castle , manor or abbey , etc .
it is rare for the scene to shift to a setting of higher status , in a castle , manor or abbey , [and so on] .

Besides being labelled as `` `` fabliaus `` `` , `` `` fablel `` `` , etc .
besides being labelled as `` `` fabliaus `` `` , `` `` fablel `` `` , [and so on] .

The use of marked language is a familiar enough device of modern television comedy or stage farce to raise a laugh , be that in the mild form of so-called `` family entertainment `` — words like knickers , pratt , plonker , etc .
the use of marked language is a familiar enough device of modern television comedy or stage farce to raise a laugh , be that in the mild form of so-called `` family entertainment `` — words like knickers , pratt , plonker , [and so on] .

Something very similar is found in L'Esquiriel , in which the boy 's figurative euphemisms — squirrel , nest , eggs — are not simply comic as signifiers of `` real `` objects — penis , scrotum or pubic hair , testicles — but as signifiers of the sort of language that the girl has already talked about — vit , coilles , etc .
something very similar is found in l'esquiriel , in which the boy 's figurative euphemisms — squirrel , nest , eggs — are not simply comic as signifiers of `` real `` objects — penis , scrotum or pubic hair , testicles — but as signifiers of the sort of language that the girl has already talked about — vit , coilles , [and so on] .

`` `` `` , in the manuscript 's spelling with an < o > , provides the reader of the text with the hint of a bilingual compound adverb , following the model of Middle English fol-hardi , fol-hardili , etc .
`` `` `` , in the manuscript 's spelling with an < o > , provides the reader of the text with the hint of a bilingual compound adverb , following the model of middle english fol-hardi , fol-hardili , [and so on] .

wages , social security , minimum labour standards , etc . )
wages , social security , minimum labour standards , [and so on] . )

Those supporting the further extension of the Community 's role , seeking to build upon the existing policy instruments — the social funds , health and safety at work , equal opportunities , etc … For them the Social Charter and its accompanying action programme offer the way forward .
those supporting the further extension of the community 's role , seeking to build upon the existing policy instruments — the social funds , health and safety at work , equal opportunities , [and so on] … for them the social charter and its accompanying action programme offer the way forward .

All news and reports should be sent into the Office in writing — editing was sometimes necessary to either shorten/lengthen etc .
all news and reports should be sent into the office in writing — editing was sometimes necessary to either shorten/lengthen [and so on] .

Offers of stalls from outer areas would of course be very welcome but we realise the difficulty of commuting/carrying etc .
offers of stalls from outer areas would of course be very welcome but we realise the difficulty of commuting/carrying [and so on] .

More details from the Office in due course ; probably ‘ Come and Try It ’ , teachers ' workshop sessions , demonstrations , swimming etc .
more details from the office in due course ; probably ‘ come and try it ’ , teachers ' workshop sessions , demonstrations , swimming [and so on] .

Cost : — to include meals ( resident ) £40.00 ( single ) £38.00 ( sharing ) Contact Chris Markham for further details etc .
cost : — to include meals ( resident ) £40.00 ( single ) £38.00 ( sharing ) contact chris markham for further details [and so on] .

Adrienne Ring announced that she has taken over as Chairman of the Publicity Sub-Committee and she asked that all dates of rallies etc be sent to the office as soon as possible .
adrienne ring announced that she has taken over as chairman of the publicity sub-committee and she asked that all dates of rallies [and so on] be sent to the office as soon as possible .

who teach voluntarily ( handicapped , elderly etc )
who teach voluntarily ( handicapped , elderly [and so on] )

Offers of stalls from outer areas would of course be very welcome but we realise the difficulty of commuting/carrying etc .
offers of stalls from outer areas would of course be very welcome but we realise the difficulty of commuting/carrying [and so on] .

She asked for any qualified teacher interested in assisting with training — not necessarily on a full time basis — but willing to sit in and observe and become involved generally — perhaps you have a special knowledge and/or interest in Music — Dance — Anatomy — Etc or would like to know more about training and the role of the trainer .
she asked for any qualified teacher interested in assisting with training — not necessarily on a full time basis — but willing to sit in and observe and become involved generally — perhaps you have a special knowledge and/or interest in music — dance — anatomy — [and so on] or would like to know more about training and the role of the trainer .

So please come along with your problems , complaints , worries etc .
so please come along with your problems , complaints , worries [and so on] .

… information about Rallies , Displays , Lecture Demonstrations , Open Classes , Supervisory Visits etc .
… information about rallies , displays , lecture demonstrations , open classes , supervisory visits [and so on] .

As bookings for halls , films , speakers , etc .
as bookings for halls , films , speakers , [and so on] .

etc have to be made weeks in advance your thoughts on this subject would be appreciated .
[and so on] have to be made weeks in advance your thoughts on this subject would be appreciated .

Please tell all your classes about the forthcoming course and arrange for a ‘ commercial ’ to be given at all rallies , lecture dems , etc .
please tell all your classes about the forthcoming course and arrange for a ‘ commercial ’ to be given at all rallies , lecture dems , [and so on] .

So if you need any help , a ‘ Come and Try It Day ’ , publicity , help with facilities etc .
so if you need any help , a ‘ come and try it day ’ , publicity , help with facilities [and so on] .

Also any bottles ; wine , sherry etc … The proceeds from the Raffle help to defray the expenses of the evening .
also any bottles ; wine , sherry [and so on] … the proceeds from the raffle help to defray the expenses of the evening .

Please get copy for the January issue ( details of rallies etc ) in to the Office by the last week of November .
please get copy for the january issue ( details of rallies [and so on] ) in to the office by the last week of november .

Total value of any tape recorders etc .
total value of any tape recorders [and so on] .

3 burner coffee stand ( has any one a local hall that needs one for coffee mornings etc )
3 burner coffee stand ( has any one a local hall that needs one for coffee mornings [and so on] )

Battells have also pointed out that they very often receive separate orders from the same areas and it is suggested that to save on carriage etc .
battells have also pointed out that they very often receive separate orders from the same areas and it is suggested that to save on carriage [and so on] .

With regard to the Flower Fund , it had not perhaps been made clear that it had always been the intention that ‘ special occasions ’ should in-clude members who were ill and/or were in hospital , special birthdays , retirements , etc .
with regard to the flower fund , it had not perhaps been made clear that it had always been the intention that ‘ special occasions ’ should in-clude members who were ill and/or were in hospital , special birthdays , retirements , [and so on] .

Betty Syrett the Teachers ' Representative on the Executive Committee has the following area representatives through whom comments , complaints , requests etc relating to teaching , training and Medau interests in general can channelled .
betty syrett the teachers ' representative on the executive committee has the following area representatives through whom comments , complaints , requests [and so on] relating to teaching , training and medau interests in general can channelled .

Please use this system so that we are aware of your views , problems , complaints etc .
please use this system so that we are aware of your views , problems , complaints [and so on] .

It may be that you feel London might well be directed into three , having a representative for the western section covering Richmond , Hounslow etc .
it may be that you feel london might well be directed into three , having a representative for the western section covering richmond , hounslow [and so on] .

diagonals , curves , V-shapes , etc .
diagonals , curves , v-shapes , [and so on] .

The car needs to be fixed ) , etc .
the car needs to be fixed ) , [and so on] .

The reason is simply that since its meaning is more abstract than that of see , hear , watch , etc .
the reason is simply that since its meaning is more abstract than that of see , hear , watch , [and so on] .

The group formed by let and the following infinitive is so close in these uses that it is the equivalent of a single verb : let fall corresponds to drop , let know to inform , etc .
the group formed by let and the following infinitive is so close in these uses that it is the equivalent of a single verb : let fall corresponds to drop , let know to inform , [and so on] .

There is thus ample evidence to support the view that let evokes permission ( assumption , command , etc . )
there is thus ample evidence to support the view that let evokes permission ( assumption , command , [and so on] . )

Consequently , for She may own a Porsche , the following diagram can be proposed : The relation is the same for She may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive 's event would be future ( if it is realized at all ) : The role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to specify the kind of potentiality which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility , probability , necessity , etc .
consequently , for she may own a porsche , the following diagram can be proposed : the relation is the same for she may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive 's event would be future ( if it is realized at all ) : the role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to specify the kind of potentiality which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility , probability , necessity , [and so on] .

To designate the support of the notion `` beautiful `` one must make the adjective incident to another word , normally a substantive , as in a beautiful painting , because the notion of `` beautiful `` itself can be said of anything that strikes the speaker as having this quality : a beautiful sunset , a beautiful house , a beautiful stallion , a beautiful thought , etc .
to designate the support of the notion `` beautiful `` one must make the adjective incident to another word , normally a substantive , as in a beautiful painting , because the notion of `` beautiful `` itself can be said of anything that strikes the speaker as having this quality : a beautiful sunset , a beautiful house , a beautiful stallion , a beautiful thought , [and so on] .

The constant element underlying this type of exclamation is therefore the expression of surprise , indignation , etc .
the constant element underlying this type of exclamation is therefore the expression of surprise , indignation , [and so on] .

With the modals , the effect of representing the support in its place in time ( past or non-past ) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to evoke actualization as dependent on the conditions of possibility , probability , etc .
with the modals , the effect of representing the support in its place in time ( past or non-past ) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to evoke actualization as dependent on the conditions of possibility , probability , [and so on] .

The same is true of free , fit , apt , able , etc .
the same is true of free , fit , apt , able , [and so on] .

These various substantives evoke a state or quality which disposes the support to perform an action ( willingness , desire , impudence , ability , etc . )
these various substantives evoke a state or quality which disposes the support to perform an action ( willingness , desire , impudence , ability , [and so on] . )

, an action he performs which prevents or could prevent him from realizing it ( hesitation , refusal , reluctance , etc . )
, an action he performs which prevents or could prevent him from realizing it ( hesitation , refusal , reluctance , [and so on] . )

, something he needs in order to realize it ( right , permission ) , a circumstance in which he finds himself which favours something 's occurrence ( chance , occasion ) , etc .
, something he needs in order to realize it ( right , permission ) , a circumstance in which he finds himself which favours something 's occurrence ( chance , occasion ) , [and so on] .

Much the same thing can be said of the to infinitive denoting something which is actualized as a consequence of causation ( cause , force , occasion , get , order , tell ) , assistance ( help ) , discovery ( find ) , daring , etc .
much the same thing can be said of the to infinitive denoting something which is actualized as a consequence of causation ( cause , force , occasion , get , order , tell ) , assistance ( help ) , discovery ( find ) , daring , [and so on] .

He had a date of his own for the foundation of Rome , made direct enquiries about the Penates of Lavinium , described the ritual of the October horse in the Campus Martins , attributed the introduction of coinage to Servius Tullius , etc .
he had a date of his own for the foundation of rome , made direct enquiries about the penates of lavinium , described the ritual of the october horse in the campus martins , attributed the introduction of coinage to servius tullius , [and so on] .

The comparison with Venice is only too obvious ; the difference from the Greek colonies of the Black Sea , Olbia , Panticapaeum , etc .
the comparison with venice is only too obvious ; the difference from the greek colonies of the black sea , olbia , panticapaeum , [and so on] .

1 .3 ) , the `` Gallorum subita et repentina consilia `` ( 3.8.3 ) , the `` Gallorum infirmitas `` ( 4.13.3 ) etc .
1 .3 ) , the `` gallorum subita et repentina consilia `` ( 3.8.3 ) , the `` gallorum infirmitas `` ( 4.13.3 ) [and so on] .

Smile though your heart is breaking , etc . ``
smile though your heart is breaking , [and so on] . ``

Lucky to have parents who did n't throw up their hands in horror and carry on about unmarried mothers , being too young to know our own minds , etc .
lucky to have parents who did n't throw up their hands in horror and carry on about unmarried mothers , being too young to know our own minds , [and so on] .

, which in the German original is preceded by an extravagantly formulated double rhyme : die ethische Luft , der faustische Duft , Kreuz , Tod und Gruft etc .
, which in the german original is preceded by an extravagantly formulated double rhyme : die ethische luft , der faustische duft , kreuz , tod und gruft [and so on] .

All the Hegels etc .
all the hegels [and so on] .

The Queen had convenanted not to give licence to any others to search or dig etc .
the queen had convenanted not to give licence to any others to search or dig [and so on] .

Earlier estimates of the conversion of copper into vessels etc .
earlier estimates of the conversion of copper into vessels [and so on] .

The Commissioners were required to make a comprehensive inventory of the houses and buildings , even `` … household stuff plate & implemt … `` , and covered equipment , wheels etc .
the commissioners were required to make a comprehensive inventory of the houses and buildings , even `` … household stuff plate & implemt … `` , and covered equipment , wheels [and so on] .

The charges of converting rough copper to marketable battery — vessels etc .
the charges of converting rough copper to marketable battery — vessels [and so on] .

Small wonder that the company had earlier petitioned without success to be allowed to manufacture battery — plates , vessels etc .
small wonder that the company had earlier petitioned without success to be allowed to manufacture battery — plates , vessels [and so on] .

All shafts , levels , adits , watercourses and works to be kept open or upstanding for present or future working , and to yield up these at the end of the term , with the bottoms clear of all dross and rubbish ; and the drifts , cross-cuts , sumps , pits , buddles , water-courses , dwelling houses , cabins , smelting houses , store houses , bingsteads , smithies , forges , workshops , etc .
all shafts , levels , adits , watercourses and works to be kept open or upstanding for present or future working , and to yield up these at the end of the term , with the bottoms clear of all dross and rubbish ; and the drifts , cross-cuts , sumps , pits , buddles , water-courses , dwelling houses , cabins , smelting houses , store houses , bingsteads , smithies , forges , workshops , [and so on] .

In a modern society , it is — more or less — up to the individuals or couples to choose the age at which they marry or enter into one kind of conjugal union or another , to decide whether they should have a child or children or not , mow many children they want to have and at what intervals , and to opt for an age at which they want to cease childbearing , etc .
in a modern society , it is — more or less — up to the individuals or couples to choose the age at which they marry or enter into one kind of conjugal union or another , to decide whether they should have a child or children or not , mow many children they want to have and at what intervals , and to opt for an age at which they want to cease childbearing , [and so on] .

Also , the more moderate negative impact of teenage childbearing upon infant mortality in several countries , first of all in the Western Hemisphere region , where infant mortality in the maternal age group under 20 is lower than in the age group over 40 , may reflect , among other things ( such as later age at marriage and at first birth , higher educational and living standards , etc . )
also , the more moderate negative impact of teenage childbearing upon infant mortality in several countries , first of all in the western hemisphere region , where infant mortality in the maternal age group under 20 is lower than in the age group over 40 , may reflect , among other things ( such as later age at marriage and at first birth , higher educational and living standards , [and so on] . )

It has been noted elsewhere that there are many community level variables ( schools , adequacy of water supply , transportation , medical personnel and facilities , etc ) that affect child health and the parents ' ability to overcome health problems and hazards .
it has been noted elsewhere that there are many community level variables ( schools , adequacy of water supply , transportation , medical personnel and facilities , [and so on] ) that affect child health and the parents ' ability to overcome health problems and hazards .

3 The individual , local , national or foreign way of speaking a language : a Yorkshire accent , an Australian accent , a Swedish accent , etc .
3 the individual , local , national or foreign way of speaking a language : a yorkshire accent , an australian accent , a swedish accent , [and so on] .

An amplification of the subject , predicate , etc .
an amplification of the subject , predicate , [and so on] .

a stone wall , etc .
a stone wall , [and so on] .

This is a prepositional phrase that qualifies a noun : father-in-law , will-of-the-wisp , stock-in-trade , etc .
this is a prepositional phrase that qualifies a noun : father-in-law , will-of-the-wisp , stock-in-trade , [and so on] .

An annual book or calendar of months and days , with information about the sun , moon , stars , tides , anniversaries , etc .
an annual book or calendar of months and days , with information about the sun , moon , stars , tides , anniversaries , [and so on] .

The device of syntactical cross-reference through pronouns , auxiliary verbs , etc ; referring to something mentioned before .
the device of syntactical cross-reference through pronouns , auxiliary verbs , [and so on] ; referring to something mentioned before .

The star-shaped symbol ( * ) used to mark words , etc for reference or distinction .
the star-shaped symbol ( * ) used to mark words , [and so on] for reference or distinction .

In such a situation the teacher can not choose when to use the programme , and unless it is a rebroadcast , he will only have a very general idea of what the programme will be about or what its language content will be ( vocabulary , grammar , structures , level of difficulty , appropriateness , etc ) .
in such a situation the teacher can not choose when to use the programme , and unless it is a rebroadcast , he will only have a very general idea of what the programme will be about or what its language content will be ( vocabulary , grammar , structures , level of difficulty , appropriateness , [and so on] ) .

Songs , dances , stories , etc are found on record and can be valuable in language teaching but there are disadvantages : ( a ) Records are rather bulky and can get dirty or scratched easily .
songs , dances , stories , [and so on] are found on record and can be valuable in language teaching but there are disadvantages : ( a ) records are rather bulky and can get dirty or scratched easily .

The Oxford English Dictionary defines an auxiliary ( helping verb ) as " a verb used to form the tenses , moods , voices , etc of other verbs , " eg will , would , can should , have , am , etc .
the oxford english dictionary defines an auxiliary ( helping verb ) as " a verb used to form the tenses , moods , voices , [and so on] of other verbs , " eg will , would , can should , have , am , [and so on] .

When filling in forms etc it is important that the writing is clear and easily understood .
when filling in forms [and so on] it is important that the writing is clear and easily understood .

The judgement of right and wrong by reference to theories , social connections , etc , often with false but clever reasoning .
the judgement of right and wrong by reference to theories , social connections , [and so on] , often with false but clever reasoning .

Words may be categorised into verbs , nouns , adjectives , etc .
words may be categorised into verbs , nouns , adjectives , [and so on] .

5 Ideally , the teacher should know his students ' names , addresses , number of years of English study , place of study , etc .
5 ideally , the teacher should know his students ' names , addresses , number of years of english study , place of study , [and so on] .

10 For periods of absence , the teacher should make some provision for informing the substitute teacher where lesson plans , etc are kept .
10 for periods of absence , the teacher should make some provision for informing the substitute teacher where lesson plans , [and so on] are kept .

12 Do n't lose attention of class while displaying visuals , writing on the blackboard , etc .
12 do n't lose attention of class while displaying visuals , writing on the blackboard , [and so on] .

To make a careful comparison between copies of text , manuscripts , books , etc ; put together information from different sources .
to make a careful comparison between copies of text , manuscripts , books , [and so on] ; put together information from different sources .

The punctuation mark ( , ) of the least separation indicated between parts of a sentence ; also used to separate groups of figures ( 4,7,25 etc ) .
the punctuation mark ( , ) of the least separation indicated between parts of a sentence ; also used to separate groups of figures ( 4,7,25 [and so on] ) .

This is most usually expressed by means of a subordinate adverbial clause , with although , however , even so , etc : Although we won the war , some say we lost the peace .
this is most usually expressed by means of a subordinate adverbial clause , with although , however , even so , [and so on] : although we won the war , some say we lost the peace .

The panel of switches , knobs , tape-recorder ( s ) , etc found in a language laboratory .
the panel of switches , knobs , tape-recorder ( s ) , [and so on] found in a language laboratory .

The shortening of words or word groups by elision or a combination , the missing letters or sounds being indicated by an apostrophe : ca n't , Jim 'll , o'clock , etc .
the shortening of words or word groups by elision or a combination , the missing letters or sounds being indicated by an apostrophe : ca n't , jim 'll , o'clock , [and so on] .

5 contents page — to check on themes used , etc .
5 contents page — to check on themes used , [and so on] .

8 information about other books published , materials , tapes , etc — often carried on the inside back cover .
8 information about other books published , materials , tapes , [and so on] — often carried on the inside back cover .

Does the author use gap-filling exercises , short answers , multiple-choice questions , etc , and how are they distributed ?
does the author use gap-filling exercises , short answers , multiple-choice questions , [and so on] , and how are they distributed ?

19 Is any recorded material available on reel-to-reel and cassette or only on one or the other ? ( think of the facilities that are available to you . ) Do you think students are given too much time to respond to each stimulus or not enough ? Again , are the exercises controlled ? Are voices sufficiently different from each other not to get confused ? Are they male or female , British , American , Australian , etc , or dialectal ? Is the quality of the recording good enough ? 20 How many books are involved in the complete course ? Are they too large or too small ? Do they handle easily ? What about the quality of paper used ? Is the cover design attractive ? What about the price of the student 's book , the teacher 's book ( if there is one ) and tapes or any other ancillary material ?
19 is any recorded material available on reel-to-reel and cassette or only on one or the other ? ( think of the facilities that are available to you . ) do you think students are given too much time to respond to each stimulus or not enough ? again , are the exercises controlled ? are voices sufficiently different from each other not to get confused ? are they male or female , british , american , australian , [and so on] , or dialectal ? is the quality of the recording good enough ? 20 how many books are involved in the complete course ? are they too large or too small ? do they handle easily ? what about the quality of paper used ? is the cover design attractive ? what about the price of the student 's book , the teacher 's book ( if there is one ) and tapes or any other ancillary material ?

et cetera ( etc )
et cetera ( [and so on] )

This can take the form of reading texts , such as materials like advertisements , notices , timetables , graphs , charts , etc .
this can take the form of reading texts , such as materials like advertisements , notices , timetables , graphs , charts , [and so on] .

Referring to study done outside normal college , polytechnic , university , etc , term-time or work done elsewhere than at the college itself as in extramural activities .
referring to study done outside normal college , polytechnic , university , [and so on] , term-time or work done elsewhere than at the college itself as in extramural activities .

He needs to be able to ask factual questions concerning his environment ( time of buses or trains , finding his way about a city , etc ) and understand the answers to these questions .
he needs to be able to ask factual questions concerning his environment ( time of buses or trains , finding his way about a city , [and so on] ) and understand the answers to these questions .

Similarly a stone 's throw , as the crow flies , etc .
similarly a stone 's throw , as the crow flies , [and so on] .

It refers to such resources as the overhead projector , tape-recorder , cineprojector , etc .
it refers to such resources as the overhead projector , tape-recorder , cineprojector , [and so on] .

Usually abbreviated to ibid. , a Latin word meaning in the same book , chapter , etc as previously quoted .
usually abbreviated to ibid. , a latin word meaning in the same book , chapter , [and so on] as previously quoted .

It is used also with modals : can , may , must , etc , as in He can come tomorrow .
it is used also with modals : can , may , must , [and so on] , as in he can come tomorrow .

6 After the first , the second , the next , etc : He was the first to arrive .
6 after the first , the second , the next , [and so on] : he was the first to arrive .

Commas placed upside down , single or paired , above the line , ( `` `` , `` `` ) , at the beginning and end of a quoted passage , book title , etc .
commas placed upside down , single or paired , above the line , ( `` `` , `` `` ) , at the beginning and end of a quoted passage , book title , [and so on] .

During the 400 years of occupation many of the Roman soldiers married British women and upon completing their service they settled to become farmers etc .
during the 400 years of occupation many of the roman soldiers married british women and upon completing their service they settled to become farmers [and so on] .

In the south of England many village names are found ending with -ing , -ingham etc .
in the south of england many village names are found ending with -ing , -ingham [and so on] .

The Bordari , were an inferior class to the Villani , who rented cottages and worked on the other pastoral services and were bound to supply eggs , poultry etc .
the bordari , were an inferior class to the villani , who rented cottages and worked on the other pastoral services and were bound to supply eggs , poultry [and so on] .

The servi were the lowest in class , Somner in 1640 , writing `` a base tenant , men of servile condition , bondsmen or bond slaves particularly in the Bishop of Rochester 's Manors of Woldham , Trottescliffe and Halling etc . ``
the servi were the lowest in class , somner in 1640 , writing `` a base tenant , men of servile condition , bondsmen or bond slaves particularly in the bishop of rochester 's manors of woldham , trottescliffe and halling [and so on] . ``

Halling : `` In this Parish , and distant about a mile from the Church and street which are on the western banks of the Medway is Upper Hailing , a small hamlet so denominated from its situation by the side of a narrow stony road , which runs beneath the range of hills and leads from Whornes Place , in Cuxtone , towards Paddlesworth , Birling , etc .
halling : `` in this parish , and distant about a mile from the church and street which are on the western banks of the medway is upper hailing , a small hamlet so denominated from its situation by the side of a narrow stony road , which runs beneath the range of hills and leads from whornes place , in cuxtone , towards paddlesworth , birling , [and so on] .

His work on the Commission entailed the overseeing of repairs to the river banks , cleaning of rivers , streams , etc .
his work on the commission entailed the overseeing of repairs to the river banks , cleaning of rivers , streams , [and so on] .

To take care that the demesne lands are marled , pastured , folded etc .
to take care that the demesne lands are marled , pastured , folded [and so on] .

Not to take reliefs , fines for marriages etc .
not to take reliefs , fines for marriages [and so on] .

To keep his ponds , stews etc .
to keep his ponds , stews [and so on] .

The planting of the woods above Halling continued into the 19th and early 20th century for woodcutters , as well as producing Bavins etc .
the planting of the woods above halling continued into the 19th and early 20th century for woodcutters , as well as producing bavins [and so on] .

The mysteries of added entries , subject headings , etc .
the mysteries of added entries , subject headings , [and so on] .

Words for strong stemming might be filtered through a table of exceptions which are not to be stemmed ( `` organism `` , `` organist `` etc ) Strong stemming is an economical but crude way of automatically bringing in some of the halo of see also terms which surround many search words .
words for strong stemming might be filtered through a table of exceptions which are not to be stemmed ( `` organism `` , `` organist `` [and so on] ) strong stemming is an economical but crude way of automatically bringing in some of the halo of see also terms which surround many search words .

Where you keep supplies : nappies , milk etc for the baby : coffee , tea , snacks for her .
where you keep supplies : nappies , milk [and so on] for the baby : coffee , tea , snacks for her .

Fill a bowl with water and , one by one , try dropping various items into the bowl , such as a matchstick , a cork , a penny , a bottle top etc .
fill a bowl with water and , one by one , try dropping various items into the bowl , such as a matchstick , a cork , a penny , a bottle top [and so on] .

always have pictures with you : photos of your family that you can show to each new acquaintance to practise saying `` This is my mother `` , etc .
always have pictures with you : photos of your family that you can show to each new acquaintance to practise saying `` this is my mother `` , [and so on] .

Count everything within reach or sight — peanuts , pebbles , sticks , beans , hens , children , women , etc .
count everything within reach or sight — peanuts , pebbles , sticks , beans , hens , children , women , [and so on] .

When recording dialogues , drills etc .
when recording dialogues , drills [and so on] .

, it is always good to introduce the recording by stating what it is , date , etc .
, it is always good to introduce the recording by stating what it is , date , [and so on] .

Then , for each stage it is helpful to say `` for listening `` , `` for mimicking `` , etc .
then , for each stage it is helpful to say `` for listening `` , `` for mimicking `` , [and so on] .

language learning expressions , e.g. " How do you sat … in your language ? " , " Please repeat " , " What does it mean ? " , " Please record " , etc .
language learning expressions , e.g. " how do you sat … in your language ? " , " please repeat " , " what does it mean ? " , " please record " , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

getting a taxi , bus , etc .
getting a taxi , bus , [and so on] .

work situation : house-building , making pottery , spinning , weaving , hunting , fishing , farming , teaching , etc .
work situation : house-building , making pottery , spinning , weaving , hunting , fishing , farming , teaching , [and so on] .

Other features like glottal stops , devoicing , slowing down and speeding up before or after pause , etc .
other features like glottal stops , devoicing , slowing down and speeding up before or after pause , [and so on] .

tongue and lip position , presence or absence of aspiration , retroflexion , fronting or backing , etc .
tongue and lip position , presence or absence of aspiration , retroflexion , fronting or backing , [and so on] .

These independent structures are then transformed to dependent ones : `` After she had swept the room `` , etc .
these independent structures are then transformed to dependent ones : `` after she had swept the room `` , [and so on] .

Another way of learning vocabulary by direct association is to participate in local activities , and find out the names of objects , actions , processes , etc .
another way of learning vocabulary by direct association is to participate in local activities , and find out the names of objects , actions , processes , [and so on] .

spanner `` , `` ring-spanner `` , `` box-spanner `` , `` C-spanner `` , etc .
spanner `` , `` ring-spanner `` , `` box-spanner `` , `` c-spanner `` , [and so on] .

In such a case , the pedagogical grammar may consist of little more than exercises and model conversations , without translations of the phrases taught , etc .
in such a case , the pedagogical grammar may consist of little more than exercises and model conversations , without translations of the phrases taught , [and so on] .

In areas where the basic laws of action are known ( parts of chemistry , physics , engineering , etc . )
in areas where the basic laws of action are known ( parts of chemistry , physics , engineering , [and so on] . )

For example in trying to increase the fuel efficiency of a car we might create the following sub-problems : better fuel consumption in the cylinder ; better timing of ignition ; use of exhaust gas heat ; reduction of weight of body ; less fuel consumption for air conditioners etc .
for example in trying to increase the fuel efficiency of a car we might create the following sub-problems : better fuel consumption in the cylinder ; better timing of ignition ; use of exhaust gas heat ; reduction of weight of body ; less fuel consumption for air conditioners [and so on] .

What preceding state could have led to this position ; what pre-preceding states could have led to that state , etc .
what preceding state could have led to this position ; what pre-preceding states could have led to that state , [and so on] .

There are many standard ways of making disapproval obvious in an oblique way ( not up to quota , not up to standard , disappointing , seem unable to match performance of competitor , there must be a problem somewhere , etc . )
there are many standard ways of making disapproval obvious in an oblique way ( not up to quota , not up to standard , disappointing , seem unable to match performance of competitor , there must be a problem somewhere , [and so on] . )

Then there is the purpose of the design ; aesthetic , communicative , convenient , novel , efficient , etc .
then there is the purpose of the design ; aesthetic , communicative , convenient , novel , efficient , [and so on] .

The constraints have to be obeyed ( price , legality , size , etc . )
the constraints have to be obeyed ( price , legality , size , [and so on] . )

It was a unique experience to rummage the various weird oil-related craft , construction barges , pipe-laying barges , drilling rigs etc .
it was a unique experience to rummage the various weird oil-related craft , construction barges , pipe-laying barges , drilling rigs [and so on] .

David agreed to relay the feelings of the Programme Group that subsidy should be considered to the group set up by the Open College to negotiate with the denominations and with suitable trusts concerning the setting up of financial support for courses , training , etc .
david agreed to relay the feelings of the programme group that subsidy should be considered to the group set up by the open college to negotiate with the denominations and with suitable trusts concerning the setting up of financial support for courses , training , [and so on] .

At Christmas toys and food parcels are delivered to the deprived , Christmas concerts organised etc .
at christmas toys and food parcels are delivered to the deprived , christmas concerts organised [and so on] .

The specially selected high activity micro-organisms have a voracious appetite for all types of organic matter — the cause of virtually all severe odour problems — such as vomit , urine , faeces , food stuffs , pet droppings , beer , etc .
the specially selected high activity micro-organisms have a voracious appetite for all types of organic matter — the cause of virtually all severe odour problems — such as vomit , urine , faeces , food stuffs , pet droppings , beer , [and so on] .

Organises area rallies , social events , etc .
organises area rallies , social events , [and so on] .

Nearly half the patients entered in their study , however , did not have endoscopic or any other firm evidence to support the diagnosis of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease and the patient population could possibly have included subjects who had some other disease ( gall stones , non-ulcer dyspepsia , etc ) .
nearly half the patients entered in their study , however , did not have endoscopic or any other firm evidence to support the diagnosis of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease and the patient population could possibly have included subjects who had some other disease ( gall stones , non-ulcer dyspepsia , [and so on] ) .

For instance , there will be sections on good interview procedure , objective selection criteria , lines of questioning to avoid etc .
for instance , there will be sections on good interview procedure , objective selection criteria , lines of questioning to avoid [and so on] .

Chapter 4 showed the basic principles of the analysis of securities and portfolios initially developed by Markowitz , and the embellishments added by Black , Tobin , etc .
chapter 4 showed the basic principles of the analysis of securities and portfolios initially developed by markowitz , and the embellishments added by black , tobin , [and so on] .

Assuming that people act in certain ways , what is implied about prices , quantities held , etc ' ?
assuming that people act in certain ways , what is implied about prices , quantities held , [and so on] ' ?

Interviews , discussion , meetings , reports etc .
interviews , discussion , meetings , reports [and so on] .

Was the lesson imaginative ? etc . ( Document 2 , my italics )
was the lesson imaginative ? [and so on] . ( document 2 , my italics )

In the absence of differential income and capital gains taxes , transaction costs , etc .
in the absence of differential income and capital gains taxes , transaction costs , [and so on] .

The scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , specifications , requirements , etc .
the scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , specifications , requirements , [and so on] .

Information explaining his proposal , possibly including drawings , models , photographs , etc .
information explaining his proposal , possibly including drawings , models , photographs , [and so on] .

In addition to the projects , rows are provided for detachments , holidays , sickness , etc .
in addition to the projects , rows are provided for detachments , holidays , sickness , [and so on] .

In the right-hand path the proposition is that , far from continuously breaking new ground , most of the work that goes through design offices , etc .
in the right-hand path the proposition is that , far from continuously breaking new ground , most of the work that goes through design offices , [and so on] .

The result of this hunger could simply be that opera houses survive the dog days of Thatcherism with full houses for Carmen etc .
the result of this hunger could simply be that opera houses survive the dog days of thatcherism with full houses for carmen [and so on] .

Thus suppose that various characteristics ( size , shape , colour , etc . )
thus suppose that various characteristics ( size , shape , colour , [and so on] . )

For example , we place the small cats ( domestic cat , sand cat , ocelot , etc . )
for example , we place the small cats ( domestic cat , sand cat , ocelot , [and so on] . )

in one genus , Felis , and the large cats ( lion , tiger , etc . )
in one genus , felis , and the large cats ( lion , tiger , [and so on] . )

Chemistry depends on the existence of the elements — oxygen , carbon , iron , etc .
chemistry depends on the existence of the elements — oxygen , carbon , iron , [and so on] .

What of higher categories — genera , orders , classes etc .
what of higher categories — genera , orders , classes [and so on] .

The Cattle of the Cottagers are impounded when the Forest is driven by the Keepers , as all other Cattle are ; and when the Owners take them from the Pound ( paying the usual Fees to the Keepers ) they turn them again into the Forest , having no other Means of maintaining them … the Cottagers … are detrimental to the Forest , by cutting Wood for Fuel , and for building Huts , and making Fences to the Patches which they inclose from the Forest ; by keeping Pigs , Sheep etc .
the cattle of the cottagers are impounded when the forest is driven by the keepers , as all other cattle are ; and when the owners take them from the pound ( paying the usual fees to the keepers ) they turn them again into the forest , having no other means of maintaining them … the cottagers … are detrimental to the forest , by cutting wood for fuel , and for building huts , and making fences to the patches which they inclose from the forest ; by keeping pigs , sheep [and so on] .

But they raised the question of authority only in the most ambiguous terms : ‘ we have yet made no mention of change in authority nor has it even entered our hearts , but seeing that France and the Queen Regent here , her priests , etc .
but they raised the question of authority only in the most ambiguous terms : ‘ we have yet made no mention of change in authority nor has it even entered our hearts , but seeing that france and the queen regent here , her priests , [and so on] .

Number them in sequence 1 , 2 , 3 etc , left to right on each line .
number them in sequence 1 , 2 , 3 [and so on] , left to right on each line .

Mark equal intervals upon a baseline and number them 0 , 1 , 2 , etc .
mark equal intervals upon a baseline and number them 0 , 1 , 2 , [and so on] .

Erect verticals upon the odd numbers , 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , etc .
erect verticals upon the odd numbers , 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , [and so on] .

With points 0 , 2 , 4 etc , as centres draw quadrants of circles with radius = 9 .
with points 0 , 2 , 4 [and so on] , as centres draw quadrants of circles with radius = 9 .

Your venue provides the actual meeting room or hall and all your ancillary needs , food , exhibitions , office space etc .
your venue provides the actual meeting room or hall and all your ancillary needs , food , exhibitions , office space [and so on] .

In an emergency you can , of course , also try straightforward ‘ bribery ’ , depending on how much you want to spend : free meals , free accommodation , free transport etc .
in an emergency you can , of course , also try straightforward ‘ bribery ’ , depending on how much you want to spend : free meals , free accommodation , free transport [and so on] .

Each individual sound source , microphone , tape recorder etc , will have its own level control into the amplifier or mixer .
each individual sound source , microphone , tape recorder [and so on] , will have its own level control into the amplifier or mixer .

Advertising is buying space in whatever medium and designing the selling device — poster , commercial , etc .
advertising is buying space in whatever medium and designing the selling device — poster , commercial , [and so on] .

It did not mean the burglary was not talked about over Christmas lunch — it certainly was ; it became part of the event , and is now alluded to as ‘ Do you remember when … etc .
it did not mean the burglary was not talked about over christmas lunch — it certainly was ; it became part of the event , and is now alluded to as ‘ do you remember when … [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

This is the stage when the bereaved person often feels that the person who had died is with them in the house , talks to them , appears during the night , etc .
this is the stage when the bereaved person often feels that the person who had died is with them in the house , talks to them , appears during the night , [and so on] .

In Rome these stressed the emperor 's achievements ( military victories , public works , etc . )
in rome these stressed the emperor 's achievements ( military victories , public works , [and so on] . )

If the x coins of year a were made , for example , a hundred years before the 2x coins of year b , it would be unwise to conclude that twice as many coins were made in year b , since to do so would take no account of the gradual wastage or erosion of coins of year a from circulation ( by accidental loss , hoarding , export of coinage , melting down , etc . )
if the x coins of year a were made , for example , a hundred years before the 2x coins of year b , it would be unwise to conclude that twice as many coins were made in year b , since to do so would take no account of the gradual wastage or erosion of coins of year a from circulation ( by accidental loss , hoarding , export of coinage , melting down , [and so on] . )

People would expect you to do everything for them ; revitalise the planet , solve all their problems , etc .
people would expect you to do everything for them ; revitalise the planet , solve all their problems , [and so on] .

Go back a few hundred years and look around : there are politicians squabbling for power , priests saving souls , etc .
go back a few hundred years and look around : there are politicians squabbling for power , priests saving souls , [and so on] .

‘ Other Costs ’ include everything else , ie professional fees , installation of services , building the infrastructure etc .
‘ other costs ’ include everything else , ie professional fees , installation of services , building the infrastructure [and so on] .

Four bedroom houses or bungalows with two bathrooms , large lounge , study etc .
four bedroom houses or bungalows with two bathrooms , large lounge , study [and so on] .

Spacious family houses or very large bungalows with five or more bedrooms , two or three bathrooms , large lounge studies etc .
spacious family houses or very large bungalows with five or more bedrooms , two or three bathrooms , large lounge studies [and so on] .

Finally , if you do n't already have one , beg , borrow or buy a Swiss Army knife — with its corkscrew for wine bottles , bottle-opener for beer , can-opener for tins , knife to cut through the seal on metal whisky bottle-tops that revolve instead of snapping when you try to open them , screwdriver and wire-stripper for changing plugs ( and for removing insanity-inducing ticking clocks from the headboards of Stockholm hotel beds , etc ) , even a compass for navigating home in the small hours .
finally , if you do n't already have one , beg , borrow or buy a swiss army knife — with its corkscrew for wine bottles , bottle-opener for beer , can-opener for tins , knife to cut through the seal on metal whisky bottle-tops that revolve instead of snapping when you try to open them , screwdriver and wire-stripper for changing plugs ( and for removing insanity-inducing ticking clocks from the headboards of stockholm hotel beds , [and so on] ) , even a compass for navigating home in the small hours .

and if you define ‘ regressive rock ’ as deliberately induced arrested development , then you can add the whole Grebo Rock boom to the list ( Crazyhead , Zodiac Mindwarp , Gaye Bykers , Batfish , The Cult , Bomb Party etc ) .
and if you define ‘ regressive rock ’ as deliberately induced arrested development , then you can add the whole grebo rock boom to the list ( crazyhead , zodiac mindwarp , gaye bykers , batfish , the cult , bomb party [and so on] ) .

By the late eighties , it was not just permissible but de rigueur for bands to grow their hair long , drop acid , use wah wah and other quaint effects , play solos … Led Zeppelin , Grateful Dead , Hendrix , Iron Butterfly , Blue Oyster Cult , Quicksilver Messenger Service etc etc , all became legitimate reference points For new bands .
by the late eighties , it was not just permissible but de rigueur for bands to grow their hair long , drop acid , use wah wah and other quaint effects , play solos … led zeppelin , grateful dead , hendrix , iron butterfly , blue oyster cult , quicksilver messenger service [and so on] [and so on] , all became legitimate reference points for new bands .

For those excluded from status and opportunity ( blacks , women , gays etc ) being strong , becoming the subject of your life , these are crucial goals .
for those excluded from status and opportunity ( blacks , women , gays [and so on] ) being strong , becoming the subject of your life , these are crucial goals .

450g/1 lb/4 cups strong white bread flour 1 × 5 ml/tsp salt 125ml/5fl oz/⅔ cups olive oil or pizza oil 25g/1 oz fresh yeast pinch caster sugar 250ml/10oz/1¼ cups , approx , warm water 350ml/15fl oz/2 cups prepared tomato sauce for pasta 125g/4oz sliced pizza sausage , sardines , salame , etc , if required 8 sun-dried tomato halves , chopped 450g/1 lb Mozzarella cheese , grated or finely sliced 4 × 15ml/tbsp grated Parmesan cheese 8 × 15ml/tbsp olive oil
450g/1 lb/4 cups strong white bread flour 1 × 5 ml/tsp salt 125ml/5fl oz/⅔ cups olive oil or pizza oil 25g/1 oz fresh yeast pinch caster sugar 250ml/10oz/1¼ cups , approx , warm water 350ml/15fl oz/2 cups prepared tomato sauce for pasta 125g/4oz sliced pizza sausage , sardines , salame , [and so on] , if required 8 sun-dried tomato halves , chopped 450g/1 lb mozzarella cheese , grated or finely sliced 4 × 15ml/tbsp grated parmesan cheese 8 × 15ml/tbsp olive oil

is the perfect answer for people who do not like grating cheese — it crumbles very easily for adding to sauces and salads , etc .
is the perfect answer for people who do not like grating cheese — it crumbles very easily for adding to sauces and salads , [and so on] .

It is sold with various flavourings added , such as garlic , chives , peppers , etc .
it is sold with various flavourings added , such as garlic , chives , peppers , [and so on] .

450g/1lb fresh white fish fillets , eg cod , haddock , plaice , etc juice of 6 limes , or 4 limes and 2 lemons 1 jar mild taco tomato sauce salt and pepper ½ × 5ml/tsp dried oregano 2 × 15ml/tbsp olive oil rice salad or warmed pitta bread for serving
450g/1lb fresh white fish fillets , eg cod , haddock , plaice , [and so on] juice of 6 limes , or 4 limes and 2 lemons 1 jar mild taco tomato sauce salt and pepper ½ × 5ml/tsp dried oregano 2 × 15ml/tbsp olive oil rice salad or warmed pitta bread for serving

Oils , cold pressed p29/ Unrefined oils , extracted without heat , having a full flavour and natural colour . Also called virgin or extra virgin , according to acidity Oils , olive , grapeseed , sesame etc p29/ Culinary oils with characteristic flavours for various culinary uses Olives p42/ The fruits of the olive tree , eaten when ripe or crushed to make olive oil Olives , Marinated Green p44 Organic Foods p85/ Foods produced without the use of chemical at any stage , either to fertilise the land or to treat the crops or the food Oriental Beef p54 Osso Bucco p58
oils , cold pressed p29/ unrefined oils , extracted without heat , having a full flavour and natural colour . also called virgin or extra virgin , according to acidity oils , olive , grapeseed , sesame [and so on] p29/ culinary oils with characteristic flavours for various culinary uses olives p42/ the fruits of the olive tree , eaten when ripe or crushed to make olive oil olives , marinated green p44 organic foods p85/ foods produced without the use of chemical at any stage , either to fertilise the land or to treat the crops or the food oriental beef p54 osso bucco p58

‘ Our senses … do convey into the mind , several distinct perceptions of things … and thus we come by those ideas we have of yellow , white , [ etc . ]
‘ our senses … do convey into the mind , several distinct perceptions of things … and thus we come by those ideas we have of yellow , white , [ [and so on] . ]

When ‘ man ’ , ‘ stone ’ , or ‘ living creature ’ is said to be ‘ universal ’ , we are not to understand that ‘ man , stone ’ , etc .
when ‘ man ’ , ‘ stone ’ , or ‘ living creature ’ is said to be ‘ universal ’ , we are not to understand that ‘ man , stone ’ , [and so on] .

ever was or can be universal , but only that these words , ‘ living creature ’ , ‘ stone ’ , etc .
ever was or can be universal , but only that these words , ‘ living creature ’ , ‘ stone ’ , [and so on] .

His own notes on the plans for Shotesham indicate his great attention to detail : ‘ Particular care must be taken in finishing the floor of the Nursery etc to prevent any Noise being heard on the Principal Floor .
his own notes on the plans for shotesham indicate his great attention to detail : ‘ particular care must be taken in finishing the floor of the nursery [and so on] to prevent any noise being heard on the principal floor .

Attached are flower , fruit and kitchen gardens , extensive lawn , conservatory etc .
attached are flower , fruit and kitchen gardens , extensive lawn , conservatory [and so on] .

The black middle classes were allowed to become professional people — doctors , lawyers , civil servants , etc .
the black middle classes were allowed to become professional people — doctors , lawyers , civil servants , [and so on] .

Alexander O'Neal , Freddie Jackson and Luther Vandross could substitute for one another if one of them got sick , while a new ‘ Women ’ category has been opened to accommodate Tanita Tikaram , Suzanne Vega , Tracy Chapman etc .
alexander o'neal , freddie jackson and luther vandross could substitute for one another if one of them got sick , while a new ‘ women ’ category has been opened to accommodate tanita tikaram , suzanne vega , tracy chapman [and so on] .

The plot sticks to a depressingly familiar formula , as our hero avenges big brother 's murder as violently as possible , and , along the way , learns the meaning of growing up , responsibility , life , etc .
the plot sticks to a depressingly familiar formula , as our hero avenges big brother 's murder as violently as possible , and , along the way , learns the meaning of growing up , responsibility , life , [and so on] .

In its panic the party was turning to its former leader , etc .
in its panic the party was turning to its former leader , [and so on] .

She has been told that members of the Lords are permitted to use the facilities provided by the Commons — the bar , the library , etc — and trot up and down the Commons corridors .
she has been told that members of the lords are permitted to use the facilities provided by the commons — the bar , the library , [and so on] — and trot up and down the commons corridors .

In a democracy the needs of pensioners , nurses , teachers , hospitals , public transport , etc , take precedence .
in a democracy the needs of pensioners , nurses , teachers , hospitals , public transport , [and so on] , take precedence .

All council houses which have been ‘ bought ’ by their tenants will be taken back into public ownership without compensation and handed over to new tenants with the greatest priority — disabled black lesbian single mothers with a criminal record , etc .
all council houses which have been ‘ bought ’ by their tenants will be taken back into public ownership without compensation and handed over to new tenants with the greatest priority — disabled black lesbian single mothers with a criminal record , [and so on] .

In the phylum Mollusca — the molluscs which include the majority of sea animals with shells — the class Gastropoda includes all the snails , and the class Bivalvia all the clams ( mussels , scallops , etc . )
in the phylum mollusca — the molluscs which include the majority of sea animals with shells — the class gastropoda includes all the snails , and the class bivalvia all the clams ( mussels , scallops , [and so on] . )

Arthropods are those animals with an external , usually ‘ chitinous ’ skeleton ( exoskeleton ) and have characteristic legs , feelers , etc .
arthropods are those animals with an external , usually ‘ chitinous ’ skeleton ( exoskeleton ) and have characteristic legs , feelers , [and so on] .

The insects — flies , butterflies , beetles , ants , fleas , bugs , dragonflies , grasshoppers , aphids , wasps , etc .
the insects — flies , butterflies , beetles , ants , fleas , bugs , dragonflies , grasshoppers , aphids , wasps , [and so on] .

The adult frogs have a different diet ( worms , flies , etc . )
the adult frogs have a different diet ( worms , flies , [and so on] . )

The real giants were the lumbering sauropods ( Diplodocus , Brachiosaurus , etc . )
the real giants were the lumbering sauropods ( diplodocus , brachiosaurus , [and so on] . )

This is another area which is changing out of all recognition since closure of the colliery and removal of sidings etc .
this is another area which is changing out of all recognition since closure of the colliery and removal of sidings [and so on] .

The relevant chapters speak of ‘ co-operation ’ in these fields ( budgetary policy , exchange rate policy , etc . )
the relevant chapters speak of ‘ co-operation ’ in these fields ( budgetary policy , exchange rate policy , [and so on] . )

weather , road works , traffic , etc .
weather , road works , traffic , [and so on] .

However , it is still possible that hoteliers , nightclub owners etc .
however , it is still possible that hoteliers , nightclub owners [and so on] .

a pool may be emptied for cleaning , a disco closed for redecoration etc .
a pool may be emptied for cleaning , a disco closed for redecoration [and so on] .

If you have any special requests ( such as ‘ low floor ’ etc . )
if you have any special requests ( such as ‘ low floor ’ [and so on] . )

In addition , cover is provided for loss of cash or baggage , medical expenses , repatriation etc .
in addition , cover is provided for loss of cash or baggage , medical expenses , repatriation [and so on] .

Handling equipment includes 35 and 32 tonne derrick cranes , mobile cranes , 5-tonne bulk and general cargo cranes , tractor units , forklift trucks , etc .
handling equipment includes 35 and 32 tonne derrick cranes , mobile cranes , 5-tonne bulk and general cargo cranes , tractor units , forklift trucks , [and so on] .

Meeting with your guide who will explain routes , hand out maps and explain the week 's agenda etc .
meeting with your guide who will explain routes , hand out maps and explain the week 's agenda [and so on] .

Ski hire , lift passes etc , available in Kaprun .
ski hire , lift passes [and so on] , available in kaprun .

For example , facilities like swimming pools , water sports , chair lifts etc .
for example , facilities like swimming pools , water sports , chair lifts [and so on] .

At the bottom of each hotel column are optional extras ( such as a balcony etc . )
at the bottom of each hotel column are optional extras ( such as a balcony [and so on] . )

Your travel documents , luggage labels , etc .
your travel documents , luggage labels , [and so on] .

Reception offers a service for money exchange and safety deposit boxes etc .
reception offers a service for money exchange and safety deposit boxes [and so on] .

It 's only about a ten to fifteen minute stroll to the excellent sandy beach where a brilliant variety of watersports are on offer including water skiing , windsurfing , boat-hire , wet-biked etc .
it 's only about a ten to fifteen minute stroll to the excellent sandy beach where a brilliant variety of watersports are on offer including water skiing , windsurfing , boat-hire , wet-biked [and so on] .

However , please bear in mind that hoteliers , shopkeepers and night club owners etc .
however , please bear in mind that hoteliers , shopkeepers and night club owners [and so on] .

Circumstances such as these or weather conditions , the time of year etc may cause some of the amenities we have described to be temporarily unavailable and some resort/hotel photographs may illustrate amenities and conditions that do not necessarily prevail throughout the whole season .
circumstances such as these or weather conditions , the time of year [and so on] may cause some of the amenities we have described to be temporarily unavailable and some resort/hotel photographs may illustrate amenities and conditions that do not necessarily prevail throughout the whole season .

This was land held by the lord over which the peasants could not exercise ‘ common rights ’ of grazing their animals , woodcutting , etc .
this was land held by the lord over which the peasants could not exercise ‘ common rights ’ of grazing their animals , woodcutting , [and so on] .

In the diagram ‘ fixed costs ’ include maintenance , head teacher 's salary etc , while a large proportion of the variable costs will be represented by teachers and their salaries .
in the diagram ‘ fixed costs ’ include maintenance , head teacher 's salary [and so on] , while a large proportion of the variable costs will be represented by teachers and their salaries .

Recognition that there are areas to be catered for which lie outside the subject departments and need to be kept outside the distribution mechanism , for example , administration , library , orchestra etc .
recognition that there are areas to be catered for which lie outside the subject departments and need to be kept outside the distribution mechanism , for example , administration , library , orchestra [and so on] .

The percentage allocated to a discretionary fund ( for curriculum development , library , careers , etc . )
the percentage allocated to a discretionary fund ( for curriculum development , library , careers , [and so on] . )

The igneous complex is elongated in a north west-south east direction , and includes norite , anorthosite , tonalite and diorite as the main rock types present , all of which have been metamorphosed since their intrusion and are termed meta-igneous rocks by the British Geological Survey in the published map , with terms metanorite , meta-anorthosite , etc .
the igneous complex is elongated in a north west-south east direction , and includes norite , anorthosite , tonalite and diorite as the main rock types present , all of which have been metamorphosed since their intrusion and are termed meta-igneous rocks by the british geological survey in the published map , with terms metanorite , meta-anorthosite , [and so on] .

Answers to these and related questions can be provided by palaeoecological studies involving reconstructions of the floristic , vegetational , and by inference , environmental history of the Outer Hebrides from pollen and macrofossil ( seeds , fruits , wood remains , etc . )
answers to these and related questions can be provided by palaeoecological studies involving reconstructions of the floristic , vegetational , and by inference , environmental history of the outer hebrides from pollen and macrofossil ( seeds , fruits , wood remains , [and so on] . )

The company refused an offer of £925 in 1924 , but in 1928 they accepted £250 for the engine , boilers , steelwork , rope etc .
the company refused an offer of £925 in 1924 , but in 1928 they accepted £250 for the engine , boilers , steelwork , rope [and so on] .

Beetles , wasps , squirrels etc feed upon the leaves and acorns of the oak ; but a tree that weighs 100 tonnes may produce only a few tonnes of such provender each year .
beetles , wasps , squirrels [and so on] feed upon the leaves and acorns of the oak ; but a tree that weighs 100 tonnes may produce only a few tonnes of such provender each year .

They are not a specific kind of tree , but a way of being a tree ; several unrelated species ( black mangroves , white mangroves , etc ) are involved .
they are not a specific kind of tree , but a way of being a tree ; several unrelated species ( black mangroves , white mangroves , [and so on] ) are involved .

In the context of reproduction , males make use of weapons ( teeth , horns , etc . )
in the context of reproduction , males make use of weapons ( teeth , horns , [and so on] . )

Thus Brian Way opened the door to all kinds of activities ( games , relaxation exercises , ‘ warm-ups ’ and sensitivity exercises , etc . )
thus brian way opened the door to all kinds of activities ( games , relaxation exercises , ‘ warm-ups ’ and sensitivity exercises , [and so on] . )

Thus the theme offered clear-cut situations and opposing characters as a spring-board to varied developments and with the likelihood of the following abstract possibilities : duties of kingship ; nature of law ; and claims of a community , etc .
thus the theme offered clear-cut situations and opposing characters as a spring-board to varied developments and with the likelihood of the following abstract possibilities : duties of kingship ; nature of law ; and claims of a community , [and so on] .

The teacher gave simple instructions to ‘ listen , watch arms , body , etc .
the teacher gave simple instructions to ‘ listen , watch arms , body , [and so on] .

It can be argued that the art of the actor is but a sophisticated reflection of what occurs in all human action : a struggle between what is privately felt and symbolically controlled ( using ‘ symbolic ’ in the sense of the ‘ public language ’ of number , words , gesture and sound , etc . )
it can be argued that the art of the actor is but a sophisticated reflection of what occurs in all human action : a struggle between what is privately felt and symbolically controlled ( using ‘ symbolic ’ in the sense of the ‘ public language ’ of number , words , gesture and sound , [and so on] . )

Indeed , with some topics if the teacher does not handle them indirectly , the class will hastily protect themselves by opting out , fooling around , etc .
indeed , with some topics if the teacher does not handle them indirectly , the class will hastily protect themselves by opting out , fooling around , [and so on] .

An important extension of this ‘ passive ’ list is Dorothy Heathcote 's use of a second ‘ person-in-role ’ ( in addition to the teacher ) — a tramp , a soldier , a stowaway , Christopher Columbus , etc .
an important extension of this ‘ passive ’ list is dorothy heathcote 's use of a second ‘ person-in-role ’ ( in addition to the teacher ) — a tramp , a soldier , a stowaway , christopher columbus , [and so on] .

Place a few pebbles in the bottom of the tube to aid drainage before inserting the clothes pole , umbrella etc .
place a few pebbles in the bottom of the tube to aid drainage before inserting the clothes pole , umbrella [and so on] .

Stage payments , small sums paid as the work progresses , is a normal practice , which helps prevent cash-flow problems for the builder , who must pay bills , wages etc .
stage payments , small sums paid as the work progresses , is a normal practice , which helps prevent cash-flow problems for the builder , who must pay bills , wages [and so on] .

This means that you can use the Rovertrail in the usual way , at the foot of the ladder for your power drill , sander , etc ; but you can also hook the socket-ended trailing lead through your belt , and take it up the ladder with you to work higher up with power tools .
this means that you can use the rovertrail in the usual way , at the foot of the ladder for your power drill , sander , [and so on] ; but you can also hook the socket-ended trailing lead through your belt , and take it up the ladder with you to work higher up with power tools .

Responsibility , for materials and equipment ; supervision of others ; safety of others ; contact with the public etc
responsibility , for materials and equipment ; supervision of others ; safety of others ; contact with the public [and so on]

Working conditions , such as humidity , temperature , noise , hazards etc .
working conditions , such as humidity , temperature , noise , hazards [and so on] .

physical make up such as health , appearance , speech etc
physical make up such as health , appearance , speech [and so on]

special aptitudes such as mechanical dexterity , verbal or numerical skills etc
special aptitudes such as mechanical dexterity , verbal or numerical skills [and so on]

disposition or those features of a person that emerge through a relationship with others and the work itself . This might include intangibles such as self reliance , acceptability , persuasiveness etc
disposition or those features of a person that emerge through a relationship with others and the work itself . this might include intangibles such as self reliance , acceptability , persuasiveness [and so on]

does not offer the employee anything he or she really wants , such as personal development , pay , promotion , recognition , job satisfaction etc .
does not offer the employee anything he or she really wants , such as personal development , pay , promotion , recognition , job satisfaction [and so on] .

background reading such as journals , house magazines , etc .
background reading such as journals , house magazines , [and so on] .

adverse member behaviour such as late arrivals , interrupting , whispering , disinterest , personal animosity , lack of participation in the discussion etc
adverse member behaviour such as late arrivals , interrupting , whispering , disinterest , personal animosity , lack of participation in the discussion [and so on]

Measuring : to create continuous numbers , taking almost any value , such as heights , weights , lengths etc .
measuring : to create continuous numbers , taking almost any value , such as heights , weights , lengths [and so on] .

The third priority is to increase the scope of the employee 's interest in information less obviously relevant to himself , that is background information such as : objectives of higher management ; the aim of training and education ; aims of the whole enterprise ; information on policy and finances ; changes etc .
the third priority is to increase the scope of the employee 's interest in information less obviously relevant to himself , that is background information such as : objectives of higher management ; the aim of training and education ; aims of the whole enterprise ; information on policy and finances ; changes [and so on] .

notice boards , newsletters and internal newspapers , house journals etc
notice boards , newsletters and internal newspapers , house journals [and so on]

press , radio , television etc .
press , radio , television [and so on] .

Janet Hargreaves has worked regularly in the West End , at the important provincial theatres ( Birmingham , Nottingham , Chichester etc . )
janet hargreaves has worked regularly in the west end , at the important provincial theatres ( birmingham , nottingham , chichester [and so on] . )

Robert Southam spent school holidays with the National Youth Theatre , read modern languages at Oxford and has since worked as an actor at some of England 's leading provincial theatres ( Manchester , Sheffield , Guildford etc . )
robert southam spent school holidays with the national youth theatre , read modern languages at oxford and has since worked as an actor at some of england 's leading provincial theatres ( manchester , sheffield , guildford [and so on] . )

Covering self-catering in cottages , bungalows , flats , house-boats , houses , chalets , etc .
covering self-catering in cottages , bungalows , flats , house-boats , houses , chalets , [and so on] .

Self-Catering : Cottages , Bungalows , Flats , Houseboats , Houses and Chalets etc .
self-catering : cottages , bungalows , flats , houseboats , houses and chalets [and so on] .

Grants are made for warm clothing , heating bills , beds and bedding , nourishing foods , convalescent holidays , etc .
grants are made for warm clothing , heating bills , beds and bedding , nourishing foods , convalescent holidays , [and so on] .

Time is passed by reading , writing , listening to music , playing cards , doing jigsaws , etc .
time is passed by reading , writing , listening to music , playing cards , doing jigsaws , [and so on] .

The whole isolation chamber is housed inside an outer building and is mounted on rubber blocks so that vibration from traffic etc .
the whole isolation chamber is housed inside an outer building and is mounted on rubber blocks so that vibration from traffic [and so on] .

There is no doubt that individuals tend to structure their day around routines of meals , personal hygiene , leisure , work , etc .
there is no doubt that individuals tend to structure their day around routines of meals , personal hygiene , leisure , work , [and so on] .

The alternatives to an internal body clock ( planetary influences , cosmic rays , etc . )
the alternatives to an internal body clock ( planetary influences , cosmic rays , [and so on] . )

There are times when it is convenient for us to go to sleep ( the shops are not open , etc . )
there are times when it is convenient for us to go to sleep ( the shops are not open , [and so on] . )

Waking in the morning is again normally imposed upon us by social factors — the need to get to work , to do shopping , to fulfil appointments , etc .
waking in the morning is again normally imposed upon us by social factors — the need to get to work , to do shopping , to fulfil appointments , [and so on] .

Managers will wish to know if the body clock means that there are times when the output of their work-force is below standard and the general public will be concerned about the possibility that safety in industrial processes , public services , transportation , etc .
managers will wish to know if the body clock means that there are times when the output of their work-force is below standard and the general public will be concerned about the possibility that safety in industrial processes , public services , transportation , [and so on] .

It might be as straightforward as writing down or calling out an answer , pressing a button , etc .
it might be as straightforward as writing down or calling out an answer , pressing a button , [and so on] .

• Complex computer-based games have been developed so that scores for manipulative skill , decision-taking , vigilance , etc .
• complex computer-based games have been developed so that scores for manipulative skill , decision-taking , vigilance , [and so on] .

In many experiments upon individuals isolated from the time-cues in the environment ( free-running experiments ) , food intake — breakfast , ‘ elevenses ’ , lunch , etc .
in many experiments upon individuals isolated from the time-cues in the environment ( free-running experiments ) , food intake — breakfast , ‘ elevenses ’ , lunch , [and so on] .

In a recent study performed by the authors , however , old people who lived at home were asked to record their habits each day ( times of waking , eating , visiting friends , sleeping , etc ) for a ‘ typical week ’ .
in a recent study performed by the authors , however , old people who lived at home were asked to record their habits each day ( times of waking , eating , visiting friends , sleeping , [and so on] ) for a ‘ typical week ’ .

• The patient 's treatment — including artificial feeding , ventilation , etc .
• the patient 's treatment — including artificial feeding , ventilation , [and so on] .

In practice , during our waking hours we are subject to social conventions and personal routines which jointly determine when we eat , relax , work , have parties , etc .
in practice , during our waking hours we are subject to social conventions and personal routines which jointly determine when we eat , relax , work , have parties , [and so on] .

If it is daytime try reading a book , talking , playing cards , etc .
if it is daytime try reading a book , talking , playing cards , [and so on] .

Table 11.2 Good and bad times for exposure to natural light in the first two to three days after a time-zone transition Meals and drinks • Try to make meals of the ‘ correct ’ type ( breakfast , lunch , etc . )
table 11.2 good and bad times for exposure to natural light in the first two to three days after a time-zone transition meals and drinks • try to make meals of the ‘ correct ’ type ( breakfast , lunch , [and so on] . )

It was also used as the finish for small or irregularly shaped subsidiary roofs over bays and porches , etc .
it was also used as the finish for small or irregularly shaped subsidiary roofs over bays and porches , [and so on] .

The worst damage to hulls etc .
the worst damage to hulls [and so on] .

Sounds to me like an angry father , With a pistol in either hand , Looking for the man that screwed his daughter ( Rum ti-iddle-ey etc ) .
sounds to me like an angry father , with a pistol in either hand , looking for the man that screwed his daughter ( rum ti-iddle-ey [and so on] ) .

town halls , schools , etc . )
town halls , schools , [and so on] . )

Later came the ‘ Carry On ’ films , launched by Carry On Sergeant ( 1958 ) , films as defiantly un-Ealing as one could conceive , with their emphasis on the inability of institutions ( army , hospital , school , etc . )
later came the ‘ carry on ’ films , launched by carry on sergeant ( 1958 ) , films as defiantly un-ealing as one could conceive , with their emphasis on the inability of institutions ( army , hospital , school , [and so on] . )

‘ Why no films , ’ asked Anderson in 1958 , ‘ on Teddy Boys , nuclear tests , loyalty of scientists , bureaucracy , etc .
‘ why no films , ’ asked anderson in 1958 , ‘ on teddy boys , nuclear tests , loyalty of scientists , bureaucracy , [and so on] .

The range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , etc ) can be ordered on request .
the range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , [and so on] ) can be ordered on request .

The range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , etc ) can be ordered on request .
the range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , [and so on] ) can be ordered on request .

By providing the necessary ‘ junk ’ ( boxes , washing-up liquid bottles etc . )
by providing the necessary ‘ junk ’ ( boxes , washing-up liquid bottles [and so on] . )

This terminology dates back to St Paul who spoke of the church in Corinth , in Thessalonika , etc .
this terminology dates back to st paul who spoke of the church in corinth , in thessalonika , [and so on] .

This functions like a fairground attraction : pick a number from a red barrel , scratch ' n'sniff and guess its origin ( apple , roast chicken , aniseed , etc ) .
this functions like a fairground attraction : pick a number from a red barrel , scratch ' n'sniff and guess its origin ( apple , roast chicken , aniseed , [and so on] ) .

It is a form on which a person can record their wishes concerning funeral arrangements ; names of friends and relatives to contact ; names and addresses of banks , clubs , life assurance companies , insurance brokers , where to find keys , certificates , receipts , etc .
it is a form on which a person can record their wishes concerning funeral arrangements ; names of friends and relatives to contact ; names and addresses of banks , clubs , life assurance companies , insurance brokers , where to find keys , certificates , receipts , [and so on] .

Community Care Grants are to enable people to establish or maintain themselves in the community rather than having to be in hospitals , nursing homes and residential care homes etc .
community care grants are to enable people to establish or maintain themselves in the community rather than having to be in hospitals , nursing homes and residential care homes [and so on] .

‘ To find the correct homeopathic remedy for any condition , the symptoms are diagnosed in those terms , and the Materia Medica places them under those headings : location , sensation etc . ’
‘ to find the correct homeopathic remedy for any condition , the symptoms are diagnosed in those terms , and the materia medica places them under those headings : location , sensation [and so on] . ’

These fees are quite distinct from the money you will need for living , travelling , buying books , etc .
these fees are quite distinct from the money you will need for living , travelling , buying books , [and so on] .

The three or four terms offered to post-graduate students condense the technical work of a three-year course ; on the whole there is greater emphasis on training the voice , movement , acting technique , fencing and dance , etc .
the three or four terms offered to post-graduate students condense the technical work of a three-year course ; on the whole there is greater emphasis on training the voice , movement , acting technique , fencing and dance , [and so on] .

Well , anything that can be carried and produced without a lot of fuss is permissable — pipes , cigarettes , mirrors , handbags , fans , matches , etc .
well , anything that can be carried and produced without a lot of fuss is permissable — pipes , cigarettes , mirrors , handbags , fans , matches , [and so on] .

This means the process of assigning syntactic roles to elements of a sentence : noun phrase , prepositional phrase , adverb , etc .
this means the process of assigning syntactic roles to elements of a sentence : noun phrase , prepositional phrase , adverb , [and so on] .

Settle things like hours , holidays , pay day etc .
settle things like hours , holidays , pay day [and so on] .

You could covenant all your taxable income if you wished — remember though that a part of your total income will not be subject to tax , because of the various tax allowances you enjoy ( personal allowances , mortgage interest relief , etc . )
you could covenant all your taxable income if you wished — remember though that a part of your total income will not be subject to tax , because of the various tax allowances you enjoy ( personal allowances , mortgage interest relief , [and so on] . )

Cup that cheers camellia We have alkaline soil , and so the growing of camellias , rhododendrons , pieris etc is not easy .
cup that cheers camellia we have alkaline soil , and so the growing of camellias , rhododendrons , pieris [and so on] is not easy .

Always assess the special considerations and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )
always assess the special considerations and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence [and so on] . )

The importance of the vital actions drill may even be undermined in the eyes of the student if the instructor insists on a complete check of each control movement for every flight ( stick to the left , left aileron up , right aileron down , stick to the right , etc . )
the importance of the vital actions drill may even be undermined in the eyes of the student if the instructor insists on a complete check of each control movement for every flight ( stick to the left , left aileron up , right aileron down , stick to the right , [and so on] . )

If you stall accidentally it is almost always because you are not aware of the low speed , etc .
if you stall accidentally it is almost always because you are not aware of the low speed , [and so on] .

aft , etc .
aft , [and so on] .

At about 1,000 feet you should put away the maps , select a good field and check it for slopes and surface etc .
at about 1,000 feet you should put away the maps , select a good field and check it for slopes and surface [and so on] .

There must have been several dozen possible suggestions for an essay from that paper — political , industrial , military ( the Korean war was still ongoing ) , in sport or arts , etc .
there must have been several dozen possible suggestions for an essay from that paper — political , industrial , military ( the korean war was still ongoing ) , in sport or arts , [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

Such time as he had spent on commercial subjects ( in vacations , etc ) had produced a profound dislike for them .
such time as he had spent on commercial subjects ( in vacations , [and so on] ) had produced a profound dislike for them .

Layton 's ebullience was on a par with Ezra Pound 's ‘ showmanship ’ , and Leonard now found himself not so very far from where the great revolutionary poet ( of Imagism , Vortism etc . )
layton 's ebullience was on a par with ezra pound 's ‘ showmanship ’ , and leonard now found himself not so very far from where the great revolutionary poet ( of imagism , vortism [and so on] . )

‘ The Cuckold 's Song ’ etc ) .
‘ the cuckold 's song ’ [and so on] ) .

Scoring head kicks , in particular , are likely to merit a full point , even when they are slightly deficient in skill , range , power , control , etc .
scoring head kicks , in particular , are likely to merit a full point , even when they are slightly deficient in skill , range , power , control , [and so on] .

Attack only vulnerable stances that are too wide , too long , have no sidestep , etc .
attack only vulnerable stances that are too wide , too long , have no sidestep , [and so on] .

The range is accompanied by the choice of accessories — towels , socks , hats , etc plus something to carry them inn — multi-size bags in tough , durable fabric , in black , blue , green , white and now in dashing red .
the range is accompanied by the choice of accessories — towels , socks , hats , [and so on] plus something to carry them inn — multi-size bags in tough , durable fabric , in black , blue , green , white and now in dashing red .

Cultural gate keepers or disseminators of information ? Have new television channels , satellite cable etc. made the film critic redundant and fit for an academic existence only ? The relationship between film makers and critics ; the perils of independent film-making ; a foreign view of British films etc .
cultural gate keepers or disseminators of information ? have new television channels , satellite cable etc. made the film critic redundant and fit for an academic existence only ? the relationship between film makers and critics ; the perils of independent film-making ; a foreign view of british films [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

From time to time , and particularly in connection with external courses , police officers and civilian employees may have cause to write articles , dissertations , essays , etc .
from time to time , and particularly in connection with external courses , police officers and civilian employees may have cause to write articles , dissertations , essays , [and so on] .

Such information may not necessarily carry any security classification within the Service , but may simply reveal dispositions , working arrangements etc .
such information may not necessarily carry any security classification within the service , but may simply reveal dispositions , working arrangements [and so on] .

When such information is submitted to tutors or course directors etc .
when such information is submitted to tutors or course directors [and so on] .

Anthropology has played a significant part in illustrating ways in which symbolic use is made of the body to make statements about the condition of society itself ( Mauss 1935 , Douglas 1973 , Blacking 1977 , etc . )
anthropology has played a significant part in illustrating ways in which symbolic use is made of the body to make statements about the condition of society itself ( mauss 1935 , douglas 1973 , blacking 1977 , [and so on] . )

Colour refers to the actual wavelengths of the light rays concerned and determines the ‘ hue ’ ( redness , blueness , etc … ) , which can be bright or dull , muted or full .
colour refers to the actual wavelengths of the light rays concerned and determines the ‘ hue ’ ( redness , blueness , [and so on] … ) , which can be bright or dull , muted or full .

My longcase clocks are entirely handcrafted , with brass and dial work , engraving , silvering , hand piercing and bluing , etc .
my longcase clocks are entirely handcrafted , with brass and dial work , engraving , silvering , hand piercing and bluing , [and so on] .

Insurance Company : always remember to advise your insurance company of any change in circumstances , theft , malicious damage , etc .
insurance company : always remember to advise your insurance company of any change in circumstances , theft , malicious damage , [and so on] .

As Virtues 's Household physician 1924 ) so succinctly puts it , ‘ the main object in the treatment of these filthy diseases is the destruction of the parasite … strict cleanliness of the person is a sine qua non … the remedies usually employed are the mercurials , sulphur , carbolic acid , tobacco , etc . ’
as virtues 's household physician 1924 ) so succinctly puts it , ‘ the main object in the treatment of these filthy diseases is the destruction of the parasite … strict cleanliness of the person is a sine qua non … the remedies usually employed are the mercurials , sulphur , carbolic acid , tobacco , [and so on] . ’

In answer to a series of provocations ( young skins distributing Robert Relf leaflets , insulting Asian women etc ) , the Southall Asian Youth Movement decided to fight fire with fire .
in answer to a series of provocations ( young skins distributing robert relf leaflets , insulting asian women [and so on] ) , the southall asian youth movement decided to fight fire with fire .

Short straight , fly-fronted macs appeared with frequency in '69/'70 in off-white , iridescent blues & greys , etc .
short straight , fly-fronted macs appeared with frequency in '69/'70 in off-white , iridescent blues & greys , [and so on] .

Football scarves were worn in all the familiar ways — neck , wrist , belt-loop , etc …
football scarves were worn in all the familiar ways — neck , wrist , belt-loop , [and so on] …

At the start — '68 , '69 , any shirt that was not ‘ fashion ’ was worn — old men 's collarless & collared baggy-bodied styles , t-shirts , etc .
at the start — '68 , '69 , any shirt that was not ‘ fashion ’ was worn — old men 's collarless & collared baggy-bodied styles , t-shirts , [and so on] .

This style in plain colours — light & dark , then into the big rounded ‘ beagle ’ collars which went into all colours — and in checks & in different materials : cotton , cotton/poly , Oxfords , wool mixes , etc .
this style in plain colours — light & dark , then into the big rounded ‘ beagle ’ collars which went into all colours — and in checks & in different materials : cotton , cotton/poly , oxfords , wool mixes , [and so on] .

White cutaway-collar broadcloth shirt ( Ben Sherman made these ) Club , regimental , etc .
white cutaway-collar broadcloth shirt ( ben sherman made these ) club , regimental , [and so on] .

Black , tan , grey , etc .
black , tan , grey , [and so on] .

Worn with dark cords , etc .
worn with dark cords , [and so on] .

Cheap , nasty , etc .
cheap , nasty , [and so on] .

Ben Sherman , button-down collar The mac Jeans Bouncing soles , etc … Sheepskin
ben sherman , button-down collar the mac jeans bouncing soles , [and so on] … sheepskin

Morrissey ( to Melody Maker , Sounds , Record Mirror etc . )
morrissey ( to melody maker , sounds , record mirror [and so on] . )

‘ He 's good , they 're not ’ etc .
‘ he 's good , they 're not ’ [and so on] .

Hair loss as a result of antibiotics , pregnancy , dieting etc takes place three to four months later .
hair loss as a result of antibiotics , pregnancy , dieting [and so on] takes place three to four months later .

This happened in 1977 in the English Football League ( Association Football or ‘ Soccer ’ ; the other games called football — Rugby Football , Australian Football , American Football , Irish Football , etc .
this happened in 1977 in the english football league ( association football or ‘ soccer ’ ; the other games called football — rugby football , australian football , american football , irish football , [and so on] .

’ It listed the drugs mixed together : alcohol , promiscuity , masturbation , materialistic attitudes , workaholism , thrill-seeking , attention-seeking , competitiveness , self-indulgence , etc .
’ it listed the drugs mixed together : alcohol , promiscuity , masturbation , materialistic attitudes , workaholism , thrill-seeking , attention-seeking , competitiveness , self-indulgence , [and so on] .

, stress-cracking of plastic tubes , blistering and/or detachment of internal lacquer on cans and tubes , blockage of spray valves , etc .
, stress-cracking of plastic tubes , blistering and/or detachment of internal lacquer on cans and tubes , blockage of spray valves , [and so on] .

Soil and climate , which should be taken together , determine the land potential ( see Chapter 2 ) and largely dictate the main types of farming — arable , stock-rearing , fattening , dairying , etc .
soil and climate , which should be taken together , determine the land potential ( see chapter 2 ) and largely dictate the main types of farming — arable , stock-rearing , fattening , dairying , [and so on] .

Soil texture has been defined as ‘ a store of building materials ’ — stone , gravel , sand , silt , clay , organic matter , etc .
soil texture has been defined as ‘ a store of building materials ’ — stone , gravel , sand , silt , clay , organic matter , [and so on] .

Things are definitely happening over in Jersey : they 've converted a fort in St. Helier into a leisure centre , with squash courts etc .
things are definitely happening over in jersey : they 've converted a fort in st. helier into a leisure centre , with squash courts [and so on] .

But no , Bill then gave them another chance and another meeting , this time 120 skaters went along , and they came up with the following ramps : 20ft wide 6ft tall spine ramp , with the spine itself being 12 ft wide [ the other 8ft bit being platform ] , and another 12 ft wide mini ramp , plus street stuff like fun boxes etc .
but no , bill then gave them another chance and another meeting , this time 120 skaters went along , and they came up with the following ramps : 20ft wide 6ft tall spine ramp , with the spine itself being 12 ft wide [ the other 8ft bit being platform ] , and another 12 ft wide mini ramp , plus street stuff like fun boxes [and so on] .

More of the same but more visitors from London and Brighton etc .
more of the same but more visitors from london and brighton [and so on] .

Unfortunately , all good things come to an end and , as expected sooner or later , our ramp would be sucked off to the great skatepark graveyard in the sky to join Chester , Warrington , Preston , Rhyl , etc .
unfortunately , all good things come to an end and , as expected sooner or later , our ramp would be sucked off to the great skatepark graveyard in the sky to join chester , warrington , preston , rhyl , [and so on] .

Code name Felix , etc .
code name felix , [and so on] .

The behaviour of the Rottweiler in the show ring should be controlled , willing and adaptable , trained to submit to examination of mouth , testicles etc .
the behaviour of the rottweiler in the show ring should be controlled , willing and adaptable , trained to submit to examination of mouth , testicles [and so on] .

Consequently there was a witch-hunt for any books that could possibly be construed as sexist , racist , colonialist , etc , which were fallen upon with all the fury of a Puritan iconoclast .
consequently there was a witch-hunt for any books that could possibly be construed as sexist , racist , colonialist , [and so on] , which were fallen upon with all the fury of a puritan iconoclast .

And so to recap , my ambition was to look at Blackwomen 's Creativity across a spectrum of activities including fine art , childbearing , opera , theatre etc .
and so to recap , my ambition was to look at blackwomen 's creativity across a spectrum of activities including fine art , childbearing , opera , theatre [and so on] .

Within heritage , culture , history , etc , it seems to me that whilst women of a patriarchal society have no separate ‘ grand narratives ’ , people of an imperialised culture often do have knowledge of an era before imperialism .
within heritage , culture , history , [and so on] , it seems to me that whilst women of a patriarchal society have no separate ‘ grand narratives ’ , people of an imperialised culture often do have knowledge of an era before imperialism .

On Tuesday Feb 12 there will be a benefit to raise money for the 1991 women 's Delegation to Belfast and Derry featuring women 's bands , Irish music , food , videos etc .
on tuesday feb 12 there will be a benefit to raise money for the 1991 women 's delegation to belfast and derry featuring women 's bands , irish music , food , videos [and so on] .

What it has is a big dictionary of words and synonyms classified by type ( people , locations , actions , etc ) and connected by their most likely relationships .
what it has is a big dictionary of words and synonyms classified by type ( people , locations , actions , [and so on] ) and connected by their most likely relationships .

( Expenses are sometimes charged for auctions etc .
( expenses are sometimes charged for auctions [and so on] .

Deal with your routine property expenses such as Rates , Insurance Premiums etc .
deal with your routine property expenses such as rates , insurance premiums [and so on] .

( Keep note of serial numbers on TVs etc .
( keep note of serial numbers on tvs [and so on] .

They actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west London … the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , etc , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .
they actively seek to expand their influence and would appear to be aiming to cover most of west london … the group can be expected to continue in their attempts to undermine the police , but are unlikely to be successful except in conditions of widespread disorder , general strike , [and so on] , when they might have a potential for destabilisation .

They went on holiday to a farmhouse at Ponsworthy in Devon and thither came a vast parcel , from the Clerical and General Tailors ( Breeches Makers etc . )
they went on holiday to a farmhouse at ponsworthy in devon and thither came a vast parcel , from the clerical and general tailors ( breeches makers [and so on] . )

Developing countries , for example , consume many of the same goods as industrialised countries , but may have little or no expenditure on heating , public utilities , medicine , etc .
developing countries , for example , consume many of the same goods as industrialised countries , but may have little or no expenditure on heating , public utilities , medicine , [and so on] .

Incomes here are between $ 401 and $ 1,635 , with a degree of industrialisation in the economy , supplying cars , trucks , building materials etc .
incomes here are between $ 401 and $ 1,635 , with a degree of industrialisation in the economy , supplying cars , trucks , building materials [and so on] .

Thirst , for instance , is not a cultural issue , but the means selected by the individual to slake his thirst — tea , coffee , fruit juices , etc — is influenced by his cultural background .
thirst , for instance , is not a cultural issue , but the means selected by the individual to slake his thirst — tea , coffee , fruit juices , [and so on] — is influenced by his cultural background .

5 . Companies , other organisations What other companies or partnerships operate already in the country , that might be a suitable target for a takeover , merger , joint venture , licensing deal etc ?
5 . companies , other organisations what other companies or partnerships operate already in the country , that might be a suitable target for a takeover , merger , joint venture , licensing deal [and so on] ?

Distributors , suppliers , customers , government officials etc .
distributors , suppliers , customers , government officials [and so on] .

( 1 ) Official statistics will often be published on international consumer spending etc .
( 1 ) official statistics will often be published on international consumer spending [and so on] .

Even if it can estimate potential market demand in a country , actual demand will not materialise unless a similar situation applies to product availability , pricing , quality etc in both countries .
even if it can estimate potential market demand in a country , actual demand will not materialise unless a similar situation applies to product availability , pricing , quality [and so on] in both countries .

We purported to atomise the person of the Sovereign , so that she was Queen of Canada , Queen of Australia , etc .
we purported to atomise the person of the sovereign , so that she was queen of canada , queen of australia , [and so on] .

Like them it relied heavily for income on local sources such as gifts , taxes , profits from licences , lotteries , etc .
like them it relied heavily for income on local sources such as gifts , taxes , profits from licences , lotteries , [and so on] .

It was hoped that this would result in better co-operation from local administrators and party members in the supply of labour and fuel , etc .
it was hoped that this would result in better co-operation from local administrators and party members in the supply of labour and fuel , [and so on] .

The gamut then descended from skilled engine-drivers and railway telegraph workers , conductors , points men , couplers , etc .
the gamut then descended from skilled engine-drivers and railway telegraph workers , conductors , points men , couplers , [and so on] .

Callinicos is able to set the claims of such postmodern advocates as Charles Jencks and Linda Hutcheon against an analysis of Modernism ( predicated largely on that of Eugene Lunn ) in order to demonstrate that the latter is a good deal more complex in respect of its characteristic conceptions of the subject , expression , reflexion etc , than the former are wont to have it .
callinicos is able to set the claims of such postmodern advocates as charles jencks and linda hutcheon against an analysis of modernism ( predicated largely on that of eugene lunn ) in order to demonstrate that the latter is a good deal more complex in respect of its characteristic conceptions of the subject , expression , reflexion [and so on] , than the former are wont to have it .

In contrast to de Santillana 's uninterrupted thirty pages of text , Kemp 's thesis is amply illustrated with several hundred plates , including many of his own line drawings showing artists ' deployment of visual angles , vanishing points , etc .
in contrast to de santillana 's uninterrupted thirty pages of text , kemp 's thesis is amply illustrated with several hundred plates , including many of his own line drawings showing artists ' deployment of visual angles , vanishing points , [and so on] .

The Boston text is more obviously an exhibition catalogue , if only because it includes a ‘ checklist ’ of the exhibition , which , ignoring the problematic identity of some of the works , distinguishes between works of art and other items ( books , tracts , pamphlets , etc . )
the boston text is more obviously an exhibition catalogue , if only because it includes a ‘ checklist ’ of the exhibition , which , ignoring the problematic identity of some of the works , distinguishes between works of art and other items ( books , tracts , pamphlets , [and so on] . )

Politically [ the villages ] will be the instrument for the realisation of worker power in government , defence , production etc … we know that dispersed and disorganised we [ the workers ] will never exercise power .
politically [ the villages ] will be the instrument for the realisation of worker power in government , defence , production [and so on] … we know that dispersed and disorganised we [ the workers ] will never exercise power .

Fully comprehensive insurance , maintenance and servicing costs etc .
fully comprehensive insurance , maintenance and servicing costs [and so on] .

The huts provide beds , toilet and wash basin but you should bring your own stove and equipment , etc .
the huts provide beds , toilet and wash basin but you should bring your own stove and equipment , [and so on] .

Material : The type of material used for the outer and inner cover of the bag : AluN-Alu coated nylon , BS-Balloon Silk , BTr-Brushed Tricot Flannel , C-Cotton , CC-Cotton Cambric , Cl-Caralight Nylon , CP-Cotton Polymide , Ct-Caratex ( Caravan Fibre ) , FP-Fibre Pile , Go-Goretex , Fl-Fleece , M-Microlight Microfibre , N-Nylon , N219d-Nylon 219 Denier etc .
material : the type of material used for the outer and inner cover of the bag : alun-alu coated nylon , bs-balloon silk , btr-brushed tricot flannel , c-cotton , cc-cotton cambric , cl-caralight nylon , cp-cotton polymide , ct-caratex ( caravan fibre ) , fp-fibre pile , go-goretex , fl-fleece , m-microlight microfibre , n-nylon , n219d-nylon 219 denier [and so on] .

’ Again he is taking over precisely the ‘ modern ’ definitions and oppositions , between the normal and pathological , the natural and unnatural , etc .
’ again he is taking over precisely the ‘ modern ’ definitions and oppositions , between the normal and pathological , the natural and unnatural , [and so on] .

The hollowing-out of the deep self is pure pleasure , a release from the subjective correlatives of dominant morality ( normality , authenticity , etc . )
the hollowing-out of the deep self is pure pleasure , a release from the subjective correlatives of dominant morality ( normality , authenticity , [and so on] . )

The corresponding percentage of party ‘ supporters ’ amongst Guardian readers was 66 per cent , amongst Telegraph etc .
the corresponding percentage of party ‘ supporters ’ amongst guardian readers was 66 per cent , amongst telegraph [and so on] .

His fascination with these systematic orderings of society by kinship was such that he undertook a massive comparison and classification of as many systems of kinship terms as he could find from around the world , terms such as ‘ cousin ’ , ‘ uncle ’ , etc .
his fascination with these systematic orderings of society by kinship was such that he undertook a massive comparison and classification of as many systems of kinship terms as he could find from around the world , terms such as ‘ cousin ’ , ‘ uncle ’ , [and so on] .

Marx 's whole work was an attempt to show that this image was false ; that there was nothing inevitable about all this , but rather that this apparent powerlessness of the worker to determine the wage was the product of the distribution of property and especially of the distribution of the ownership of such things as land , machines , tools , etc .
marx 's whole work was an attempt to show that this image was false ; that there was nothing inevitable about all this , but rather that this apparent powerlessness of the worker to determine the wage was the product of the distribution of property and especially of the distribution of the ownership of such things as land , machines , tools , [and so on] .

The muddle that these two uses of the word cause is in part Marx 's and Engels 's fault because when they are talking about society based on communal property , that is , before false consciousness arises , they mean by ideology the total process of cognition including language , political ideas , social rules , etc .
the muddle that these two uses of the word cause is in part marx 's and engels 's fault because when they are talking about society based on communal property , that is , before false consciousness arises , they mean by ideology the total process of cognition including language , political ideas , social rules , [and so on] .

To talk of human history as going through stages implies that there is an unavoidable link-up between technological systems , political systems , economic systems , kinship systems , etc .
to talk of human history as going through stages implies that there is an unavoidable link-up between technological systems , political systems , economic systems , kinship systems , [and so on] .

In spite of this the idea that marriage , the family , property , the State etc .
in spite of this the idea that marriage , the family , property , the state [and so on] .

By the end , with an extended sermon on the emptiness of individualist ethics , he is pleading for a return to the benevolence in public affairs which Thatcher can not supply by nature of having been denied her mother 's breast , given the wrong sort of potty training , etc .
by the end , with an extended sermon on the emptiness of individualist ethics , he is pleading for a return to the benevolence in public affairs which thatcher can not supply by nature of having been denied her mother 's breast , given the wrong sort of potty training , [and so on] .

There was some attempt by friends of Highlander to purchase some of the books etc .
there was some attempt by friends of highlander to purchase some of the books [and so on] .

‘ Public ’ money ( Public money in Latin American terms includes funding from Trusts , Foundations etc .
‘ public ’ money ( public money in latin american terms includes funding from trusts , foundations [and so on] .

Subsequent workshops were used to train participants in the use of these coding sheets , how to decipher taxation rolls , how to conduct interviews effectively etc .
subsequent workshops were used to train participants in the use of these coding sheets , how to decipher taxation rolls , how to conduct interviews effectively [and so on] .

Today , the manufacturer can turn out masses of injection-moulded toys without necessarily appreciating plastics as individual materials . Confronted with equations like ‘ one penny saved times ’ and confounded by the producer 's sales talk , how is the small manufacturer to appreciate what makes the difference between ‘ cheap and cheerful ’ and ‘ cheap and nasty ’ ? And would the propensity for breaking at awkward moments of nylon clamps , gear wheels in printers , etc be avoided if the properties of Nylon 6 vis-à-vis 66 ( not to speak of the more recent nylons now available ) were better appreciated ?
today , the manufacturer can turn out masses of injection-moulded toys without necessarily appreciating plastics as individual materials . confronted with equations like ‘ one penny saved times ’ and confounded by the producer 's sales talk , how is the small manufacturer to appreciate what makes the difference between ‘ cheap and cheerful ’ and ‘ cheap and nasty ’ ? and would the propensity for breaking at awkward moments of nylon clamps , gear wheels in printers , [and so on] be avoided if the properties of nylon 6 vis-à-vis 66 ( not to speak of the more recent nylons now available ) were better appreciated ?

For example , when etc .
for example , when [and so on] .

Corrosion , flammability , toxicity , governmental restrictions , temperature considerations , air sensitivity etc .
corrosion , flammability , toxicity , governmental restrictions , temperature considerations , air sensitivity [and so on] .

The final chapter — Example purifications — illustrates aspects of the purification of various classes of protein — cytochromes , growth factors etc .
the final chapter — example purifications — illustrates aspects of the purification of various classes of protein — cytochromes , growth factors [and so on] .

They will be assisted by the book 's division into chapters each dealing with a particular class of compound — eg amino acids , sugars , steroids etc .
they will be assisted by the book 's division into chapters each dealing with a particular class of compound — eg amino acids , sugars , steroids [and so on] .

The operator has wide control over model-type — wireframe , ball and stick or space-filling — addition or deletion of atoms , atomic radii , bond lengths and angles , the portion of the structure viewed , viewing angle etc .
the operator has wide control over model-type — wireframe , ball and stick or space-filling — addition or deletion of atoms , atomic radii , bond lengths and angles , the portion of the structure viewed , viewing angle [and so on] .

The communication between Britain and North America being cut off , the French botanists can not , in that channel , be supplied as formerly with American seeds , etc .
the communication between britain and north america being cut off , the french botanists can not , in that channel , be supplied as formerly with american seeds , [and so on] .

Miller liked his ground cover to be permanent and he has not included ‘ any of the undershrubs , which are of short duration , such as Southernwood , Rosemary , Lavender , Lavender Cotton , etc .
miller liked his ground cover to be permanent and he has not included ‘ any of the undershrubs , which are of short duration , such as southernwood , rosemary , lavender , lavender cotton , [and so on] .

However , it was considered that this would make it too expensive for the ‘ generality of purchasers ’ and it was confined to ‘ those plants only which are either curious in themselves or may be useful in trades , medicines , etc .
however , it was considered that this would make it too expensive for the ‘ generality of purchasers ’ and it was confined to ‘ those plants only which are either curious in themselves or may be useful in trades , medicines , [and so on] .

’ Occasionally we may catch a glimpse of Miller 's interest in flower arrangement and he continued , ‘ The flowers being single are not valued , but the branches of the Shrubs are cut to intermix with Flowers to place in Basons to adorn Halls , Parlours , etc .
’ occasionally we may catch a glimpse of miller 's interest in flower arrangement and he continued , ‘ the flowers being single are not valued , but the branches of the shrubs are cut to intermix with flowers to place in basons to adorn halls , parlours , [and so on] .

Royalist pamphleteers attacked Oliver Cromwell , particularly on ‘ defiling of churches ’ and breaking of statues , etc , which the Puritans hated as outward signs of ‘ popery ’ .
royalist pamphleteers attacked oliver cromwell , particularly on ‘ defiling of churches ’ and breaking of statues , [and so on] , which the puritans hated as outward signs of ‘ popery ’ .

Also , as it so happens , in August 1941 Winston Churchill had a meeting with President Roosevelt on board a British battleship , off the coast of Newfoundland , and that was followed by a further meeting at Christmas in Washington , when they agreed to send aid to Russia in the form of armaments , etc .
also , as it so happens , in august 1941 winston churchill had a meeting with president roosevelt on board a british battleship , off the coast of newfoundland , and that was followed by a further meeting at christmas in washington , when they agreed to send aid to russia in the form of armaments , [and so on] .

Part-time farming was confined to smallholdings on the outskirts of villages with the smallholders being employed in neighbouring towns as teachers , lecturers , etc .
part-time farming was confined to smallholdings on the outskirts of villages with the smallholders being employed in neighbouring towns as teachers , lecturers , [and so on] .

Isolation from centres of further education meant that these young folk often had no opportunity to participate in training and would welcome the opportunity of taking part in training courses such as welding , building maintenance , shearing , etc , which might improve their chances of employment in a rural area .
isolation from centres of further education meant that these young folk often had no opportunity to participate in training and would welcome the opportunity of taking part in training courses such as welding , building maintenance , shearing , [and so on] , which might improve their chances of employment in a rural area .

Because the father has been fit and active any available capital had no doubt been put back into the farm in the form of land improvement , buildings , etc .
because the father has been fit and active any available capital had no doubt been put back into the farm in the form of land improvement , buildings , [and so on] .

The ability to maintain and repair engines and machinery saved on bills , and a knowledge of engineering design allowed stock handling facilities , roof trusses , etc .
the ability to maintain and repair engines and machinery saved on bills , and a knowledge of engineering design allowed stock handling facilities , roof trusses , [and so on] .

It normally took the form of shearing , combining , baling , muck spreading , etc .
it normally took the form of shearing , combining , baling , muck spreading , [and so on] .

The worry of monetary problems , marketing uncertainties , the weather , etc .
the worry of monetary problems , marketing uncertainties , the weather , [and so on] .

By far the greatest amount of time was spent in journeys to town for spare parts , veterinary medicines , etc .
by far the greatest amount of time was spent in journeys to town for spare parts , veterinary medicines , [and so on] .

She would need some encouragement from her husband and he would have to display some discipline , ( a ) to provide the information for preparation of the budgets , and ( b ) to accept the result of the exercise and implement any necessary restrictions in buying , etc .
she would need some encouragement from her husband and he would have to display some discipline , ( a ) to provide the information for preparation of the budgets , and ( b ) to accept the result of the exercise and implement any necessary restrictions in buying , [and so on] .

With the knowledge that the main feeding , bedding , etc .
with the knowledge that the main feeding , bedding , [and so on] .

As such they were held in hotels , halls , etc .
as such they were held in hotels , halls , [and so on] .

Unfortunately the industry did not yet look on training as an accepted way of improving production , income , living standards , etc .
unfortunately the industry did not yet look on training as an accepted way of improving production , income , living standards , [and so on] .

This last question was designed to elicit comments , criticisms , suggestions for improvement , etc .
this last question was designed to elicit comments , criticisms , suggestions for improvement , [and so on] .

Because of the different nature of employment most of the part-time farmers would find it difficult to arrange days off to attend training courses , meetings , etc .
because of the different nature of employment most of the part-time farmers would find it difficult to arrange days off to attend training courses , meetings , [and so on] .

The training programmes that were available were arranged by government departments and took various forms : basic courses over nine or ten evenings ; one-day conferences on government information regarding grants , subsidies , etc .
the training programmes that were available were arranged by government departments and took various forms : basic courses over nine or ten evenings ; one-day conferences on government information regarding grants , subsidies , [and so on] .

Generalised comparisons of yields can be both inadequate and misleading because of the range and variability of factors involved , climate , soils , fertiliser input , etc .
generalised comparisons of yields can be both inadequate and misleading because of the range and variability of factors involved , climate , soils , fertiliser input , [and so on] .

Agricultural development in the hills will create systems more sensitive to interference through public access and at the same time because of fencing , scrub clearance , land reclamation , etc .
agricultural development in the hills will create systems more sensitive to interference through public access and at the same time because of fencing , scrub clearance , land reclamation , [and so on] .

It seems essential that critical studies should be undertaken to examine the consequences not only to agriculture but also to visual amenity , recreation , conservation , etc , of alternative afforestation strategies .
it seems essential that critical studies should be undertaken to examine the consequences not only to agriculture but also to visual amenity , recreation , conservation , [and so on] , of alternative afforestation strategies .

Using the terms of Miles ( 1980 ) , we classify effectiveness by ‘ goal attainment ’ ( that is goal achievement , productivity , etc . )
using the terms of miles ( 1980 ) , we classify effectiveness by ‘ goal attainment ’ ( that is goal achievement , productivity , [and so on] . )

and ‘ systems processes ’ ( adaptiveness , participant satisfaction , inner processes , systems resources , etc . )
and ‘ systems processes ’ ( adaptiveness , participant satisfaction , inner processes , systems resources , [and so on] . )

Each of the three groups will use the double classification of goal attainment ( goal achievement , productivity , etc . )
each of the three groups will use the double classification of goal attainment ( goal achievement , productivity , [and so on] . )

and systems processes ( adaptiveness , participant satisfaction , inner processes , systems resources , etc . )
and systems processes ( adaptiveness , participant satisfaction , inner processes , systems resources , [and so on] . )

The important physico-chemical properties of the plasterwork were identified and both the analytical procedures and the correlations among the various parameters ( thermal expansion coefficient , thermal conductivity , vapour permeability , strata adhesion , cohesiveness , strength etc ) were explained , as well as the conditions for its reinforcement and reconstruction .
the important physico-chemical properties of the plasterwork were identified and both the analytical procedures and the correlations among the various parameters ( thermal expansion coefficient , thermal conductivity , vapour permeability , strata adhesion , cohesiveness , strength [and so on] ) were explained , as well as the conditions for its reinforcement and reconstruction .

This entails not only familiarity with the instrumentation used and experience in application of the method but also an appreciation of the basics of analysis — calibration , control of contamination , the proper use of blanks , sample preservation etc .
this entails not only familiarity with the instrumentation used and experience in application of the method but also an appreciation of the basics of analysis — calibration , control of contamination , the proper use of blanks , sample preservation [and so on] .

Health and safety monitor is a monthly newsletter that distils into 8–10 pages the essential facts about the latest statutes , regulations , directives , consultative documents , and codes of practice etc on health and safety issues .
health and safety monitor is a monthly newsletter that distils into 8–10 pages the essential facts about the latest statutes , regulations , directives , consultative documents , and codes of practice [and so on] on health and safety issues .

Manufacturers have been particularly active in finding new permanent magnets , spurred both by the cobalt crisis in the late 1970s and by the need to reduce the weight of the materials — dozens of magnets are hidden away in cars , electronic devices , computer disc drives etc .
manufacturers have been particularly active in finding new permanent magnets , spurred both by the cobalt crisis in the late 1970s and by the need to reduce the weight of the materials — dozens of magnets are hidden away in cars , electronic devices , computer disc drives [and so on] .

According to Magnet Applications , the Berkhamsted-based Cookson subsidiary , the number of magnets used in cars has risen from a handful 20 years ago to about 80 now , rising to perhaps 200 in a couple of years ' time as automatic windows and sunroofs etc become more widespread .
according to magnet applications , the berkhamsted-based cookson subsidiary , the number of magnets used in cars has risen from a handful 20 years ago to about 80 now , rising to perhaps 200 in a couple of years ' time as automatic windows and sunroofs [and so on] become more widespread .

Would it be worthwhile for each discipline to set up think tanks — if one does not already exist — of their most imaginative scientists , engineers etc , with , perhaps , three remits : ( i ) to identify major problems for which current and foreseeable knowledge offers no solution ; ( ii ) to pinpoint what basic knowledge is needed , what would be the characteristics of the ideal chemical or other material , together with the relevant techniques for using them ; ( iii ) recognising that what is being considered may be so far out of sight as to be beyond worthwhile research based on existing knowledge and know-how , to organise a system that will recognise the first appearance of the new knowledge and then steer research in the right direction without delay .
would it be worthwhile for each discipline to set up think tanks — if one does not already exist — of their most imaginative scientists , engineers [and so on] , with , perhaps , three remits : ( i ) to identify major problems for which current and foreseeable knowledge offers no solution ; ( ii ) to pinpoint what basic knowledge is needed , what would be the characteristics of the ideal chemical or other material , together with the relevant techniques for using them ; ( iii ) recognising that what is being considered may be so far out of sight as to be beyond worthwhile research based on existing knowledge and know-how , to organise a system that will recognise the first appearance of the new knowledge and then steer research in the right direction without delay .

Most issues abound in stories of high interest to the stereotypical young girl — boarding schools , French lessons , ballet etc .
most issues abound in stories of high interest to the stereotypical young girl — boarding schools , french lessons , ballet [and so on] .

The aliphatic acids were once known as formic , acetic , propionic , butyric , pentanoic , hexanoic etc , but today they are more systematically named after the hydrocarbon with the same number of carbon atoms — ie methanoic , ethanoic , propanoic , butanoic etc .
the aliphatic acids were once known as formic , acetic , propionic , butyric , pentanoic , hexanoic [and so on] , but today they are more systematically named after the hydrocarbon with the same number of carbon atoms — ie methanoic , ethanoic , propanoic , butanoic [and so on] .

Little attention is given in social work education to team models of practice , team leadership skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for different types of paraprofessionals , etc .
little attention is given in social work education to team models of practice , team leadership skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for different types of paraprofessionals , [and so on] .

An investigation was considered to have been concluded once a judgement had been made about whether the allegation ( s ) had been substantiated or not and decisions made about how to proceed to an outcome , for example , to close the case , offer treatment , call a case conference , etc .
an investigation was considered to have been concluded once a judgement had been made about whether the allegation ( s ) had been substantiated or not and decisions made about how to proceed to an outcome , for example , to close the case , offer treatment , call a case conference , [and so on] .

These women are not being asked to give their views on the position of women in society , abortion rights , state funding for crèches , etc .
these women are not being asked to give their views on the position of women in society , abortion rights , state funding for crèches , [and so on] .

Our concern certainly includes official statistics such as the retail price index and unemployment figures , but is cognisant of similar dangers associated with clinical trials testing , opinion polls , advertising claims , etc .
our concern certainly includes official statistics such as the retail price index and unemployment figures , but is cognisant of similar dangers associated with clinical trials testing , opinion polls , advertising claims , [and so on] .

Nothing which we have said is intended to cast doubt on the accepted legality of properly conducted games and sports , lawful chastisement or correction , reasonable surgical interference , dangerous exhibitions , etc .
nothing which we have said is intended to cast doubt on the accepted legality of properly conducted games and sports , lawful chastisement or correction , reasonable surgical interference , dangerous exhibitions , [and so on] .

in terms of the violence used , other sexual acts , etc ) , but that the most significant rise has been in the average length of sentences imposed on rapists by the courts .
in terms of the violence used , other sexual acts , [and so on] ) , but that the most significant rise has been in the average length of sentences imposed on rapists by the courts .

Amid all the talk and sales buzz about the new up market 4 × 4s — Discovery , Shogun , G-Wagen etc — Isuzu 's Trooper has barely received a mention .
amid all the talk and sales buzz about the new up market 4 × 4s — discovery , shogun , g-wagen [and so on] — isuzu 's trooper has barely received a mention .

Methanol is derived from fossil fuels — coal , natural gas , heavy oil , etc .
methanol is derived from fossil fuels — coal , natural gas , heavy oil , [and so on] .

Plant oils — sunflower , rape , soy , etc — can be used direct in slightly-modified diesel engines or mixed with conventional fuel .
plant oils — sunflower , rape , soy , [and so on] — can be used direct in slightly-modified diesel engines or mixed with conventional fuel .

The methane-rich fuels , like North Sea-type natural gas and biogas ; the latter from landfill sites , industry , slurry digestion plants , etc .
the methane-rich fuels , like north sea-type natural gas and biogas ; the latter from landfill sites , industry , slurry digestion plants , [and so on] .

Tractor specification has to be considered , too : air conditioning , powershift transmission , etc all drain engine power , reducing what 's available at the wheels .
tractor specification has to be considered , too : air conditioning , powershift transmission , [and so on] all drain engine power , reducing what 's available at the wheels .

Engine capacity is often constant through a family of motors , with power output adjusted by fuelling , turbocharging , etc .
engine capacity is often constant through a family of motors , with power output adjusted by fuelling , turbocharging , [and so on] .

Tractors with all the options ( air conditioning , etc ) weight more as well as having less surplus power for pulling .
tractors with all the options ( air conditioning , [and so on] ) weight more as well as having less surplus power for pulling .

Promising an all star line-up of DJs in the weeks to come ( Paul Oakenfold , Mike Pickering , Norman Cook etc ) , Brighton 's Escape Club reopens from June 9 .
promising an all star line-up of djs in the weeks to come ( paul oakenfold , mike pickering , norman cook [and so on] ) , brighton 's escape club reopens from june 9 .

She traces the roots back in time ; she covers some of the more obvious ground ( with chapters on Happy Mondays , the Stone Roses etc ) ; she rights some wrongs ; she flirts with some myths ; she gives a platform to some of the previously unsung instigators ; she dumps a few reputations ; and , though imperfect , it 's as reliable a guide to current Manchester music as you are likely to get .
she traces the roots back in time ; she covers some of the more obvious ground ( with chapters on happy mondays , the stone roses [and so on] ) ; she rights some wrongs ; she flirts with some myths ; she gives a platform to some of the previously unsung instigators ; she dumps a few reputations ; and , though imperfect , it 's as reliable a guide to current manchester music as you are likely to get .

‘ … and fairly lambasted him about young officers being allowed to make mistakes , learn from experience , and not be penalised etc etc . ’
‘ … and fairly lambasted him about young officers being allowed to make mistakes , learn from experience , and not be penalised [and so on] [and so on] . ’

The mess servants will be ready to dispense drinks etc .
the mess servants will be ready to dispense drinks [and so on] .

the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )
the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , [and so on] . )

20.9,11,12,13 , etc .
20.9,11,12,13 , [and so on] .

Central to the legislators ' notions of purity was an all-pervasive blood taboo which , as has been demonstrated above , embraced foodstuffs , sacrificial victims , humans , etc .
central to the legislators ' notions of purity was an all-pervasive blood taboo which , as has been demonstrated above , embraced foodstuffs , sacrificial victims , humans , [and so on] .

Etc .
[and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

It is a fine manor house , showing the development from the days of the one main hall to the additional smaller rooms of winter parlour , solar , etc .
it is a fine manor house , showing the development from the days of the one main hall to the additional smaller rooms of winter parlour , solar , [and so on] .

Perhaps orange would be more suitable with the promotion for the slogan , ‘ orange for ovens ’ etc , to reinforce its identity .
perhaps orange would be more suitable with the promotion for the slogan , ‘ orange for ovens ’ [and so on] , to reinforce its identity .

Dishwashing etc .
dishwashing [and so on] .

It should also state the specific variations required in terms of concentration , format , appearance etc .
it should also state the specific variations required in terms of concentration , format , appearance [and so on] .

Stainless steel worktops , etc : The classic routine centres around the use of hot detergent solution , often called the ‘ soap and water ’ method , in which all six stages are recognisable .
stainless steel worktops , [and so on] : the classic routine centres around the use of hot detergent solution , often called the ‘ soap and water ’ method , in which all six stages are recognisable .

Pots and pans , etc : The variable nature of this task with soil loads ranging from light to very heavy can impose special problems if a continuous flow of items is to be handled .
pots and pans , [and so on] : the variable nature of this task with soil loads ranging from light to very heavy can impose special problems if a continuous flow of items is to be handled .

You use the same approach , have the same views on lighting , materials etc .
you use the same approach , have the same views on lighting , materials [and so on] .

In fact , with his book of Spanish Civil War photographs , for the second edition he did not want them retouched ; he wanted the scratches , etc , left in because there was that feeling about it .
in fact , with his book of spanish civil war photographs , for the second edition he did not want them retouched ; he wanted the scratches , [and so on] , left in because there was that feeling about it .

So the organisation of personnel , budget , physical specifications of buildings , office equipment , etc .
so the organisation of personnel , budget , physical specifications of buildings , office equipment , [and so on] .

Lastly , conservation has been seen as just one element in rural development efforts , and conservation elements have been linked with agricultural extension , institutional development ( cooperatives , regulated markets , government-supplied services , and so on ) , and the provision of infrastructure ( storage , roads , buildings , etc . )
lastly , conservation has been seen as just one element in rural development efforts , and conservation elements have been linked with agricultural extension , institutional development ( cooperatives , regulated markets , government-supplied services , and so on ) , and the provision of infrastructure ( storage , roads , buildings , [and so on] . )

Peasants and pastoralists who have more control over the use of private land and/or flocks can carry out both new agricultural practices ( mulching , inter-cropping , zero-tillage or improved cultivation ) , and invest in private erosion works such as terraces , bunds , gully-head protection , etc .
peasants and pastoralists who have more control over the use of private land and/or flocks can carry out both new agricultural practices ( mulching , inter-cropping , zero-tillage or improved cultivation ) , and invest in private erosion works such as terraces , bunds , gully-head protection , [and so on] .

There were several students on hand to help with moving of the furniture etc .
there were several students on hand to help with moving of the furniture [and so on] .

There was , however , little time for free play or choice of activity and no chance for the children to mess about with paint , sand , water etc .
there was , however , little time for free play or choice of activity and no chance for the children to mess about with paint , sand , water [and so on] .

The author deals with various subjects , such as concerts , parties , landscapes etc .
the author deals with various subjects , such as concerts , parties , landscapes [and so on] .

Partly irritated by critical misreadings of this piece , Barth published in 1979 a ‘ comparison and corrective ’ entitled ‘ The Literature of Replenishment ’ in which he sees disjunction , etc .
partly irritated by critical misreadings of this piece , barth published in 1979 a ‘ comparison and corrective ’ entitled ‘ the literature of replenishment ’ in which he sees disjunction , [and so on] .

An important influence here has been William Burroughs 's The Naked Lunch ( 1959 ) which abandons linear sequence in favour of smaller episodes often beginning with pastiches of other texts ( detective novels of the 1940s , film-scripts , etc . )
an important influence here has been william burroughs 's the naked lunch ( 1959 ) which abandons linear sequence in favour of smaller episodes often beginning with pastiches of other texts ( detective novels of the 1940s , film-scripts , [and so on] . )

Tous les éléments techniques du récit-emploi systématique du passé simple et de la troisième personne , adoption sans condition du déroulement chronologique , intrigues linéaires , courbe régulière des passions , tension de chaque épisode vers une fin , etc — tout visait à imposer l'image d'un univers stable , cohérent , continu , univoque , entièrement déchiffrable .
tous les éléments techniques du récit-emploi systématique du passé simple et de la troisième personne , adoption sans condition du déroulement chronologique , intrigues linéaires , courbe régulière des passions , tension de chaque épisode vers une fin , [and so on] — tout visait à imposer l'image d'un univers stable , cohérent , continu , univoque , entièrement déchiffrable .

The fact that the people saw no connection between the fight in the North and the idea of improving the Irish social conditions , etc .
the fact that the people saw no connection between the fight in the north and the idea of improving the irish social conditions , [and so on] .

Two talk to the couple , offering them special hotel deals etc .
two talk to the couple , offering them special hotel deals [and so on] .

This continued into adult life and he had a habit of creating nicknames for his closest friends : Anjelica became Tootie , Beatty became the Pro , John McEnroe was Johnniemac , etc .
this continued into adult life and he had a habit of creating nicknames for his closest friends : anjelica became tootie , beatty became the pro , john mcenroe was johnniemac , [and so on] .

When we first drank claret we heard it called by that name , we were eating such and such a dinner etc .
when we first drank claret we heard it called by that name , we were eating such and such a dinner [and so on] .

cities on the Moon , Mars , etc .
cities on the moon , mars , [and so on] .

They should be useful , however , when we are asked to produce lists of new titles for catalogues , budgets , etc , as a first point of reference . )
they should be useful , however , when we are asked to produce lists of new titles for catalogues , budgets , [and so on] , as a first point of reference . )

In most other parliaments , members have allotted places and , as soon as a member is called , as the author has seen in some of the Canadian legislatures , computerized selection of the name focuses the camera automatically on him or her , and also adds relevant information ( name , party , constituency , etc . )
in most other parliaments , members have allotted places and , as soon as a member is called , as the author has seen in some of the canadian legislatures , computerized selection of the name focuses the camera automatically on him or her , and also adds relevant information ( name , party , constituency , [and so on] . )

‘ The Bristol sector controller neither complied with the co-pilot 's specific request for radar navigational assistance , nor did he advise the flight of its position or give any relevant information regarding Southampton , such as current weather , runway in use , pressure settings etc .
‘ the bristol sector controller neither complied with the co-pilot 's specific request for radar navigational assistance , nor did he advise the flight of its position or give any relevant information regarding southampton , such as current weather , runway in use , pressure settings [and so on] .

But since some writers do seem to have an aversion to the hyphen — just as they have lost the art of splitting words in the logical places ( tran-sport , winds-creen , ins-pector , screwd-river , etc ) — let them run them together for clarity .
but since some writers do seem to have an aversion to the hyphen — just as they have lost the art of splitting words in the logical places ( tran-sport , winds-creen , ins-pector , screwd-river , [and so on] ) — let them run them together for clarity .

At one time the word ‘ dye ’ was used for exotic colours , such as reds , blues etc , and the word ‘ stain ’ was used when colouring woods to natural wood shades .
at one time the word ‘ dye ’ was used for exotic colours , such as reds , blues [and so on] , and the word ‘ stain ’ was used when colouring woods to natural wood shades .

Electrical installation materials , plus full range of pir security lanterns/floodlights , garden lighting , low-voltage fittings , uplights , burglar alarms , etc .
electrical installation materials , plus full range of pir security lanterns/floodlights , garden lighting , low-voltage fittings , uplights , burglar alarms , [and so on] .

Several ranges of downlighters , wall & ceiling luminaires , track & spotlights , & tubular lighting systems ; includes low-voltage , compact fluorescents , etc
several ranges of downlighters , wall & ceiling luminaires , track & spotlights , & tubular lighting systems ; includes low-voltage , compact fluorescents , [and so on]

Electrical accessories & switches , LSCs , etc
electrical accessories & switches , lscs , [and so on]

Includes low-energy , low voltage , & cabling , electric fittings , etc .
includes low-energy , low voltage , & cabling , electric fittings , [and so on] .

You may also need some silicone sealant for sealing joints where tiling abuts baths , basins and shower trays , and maybe a profile gauge if laying floor tiles around awkward areas like architraves , etc .
you may also need some silicone sealant for sealing joints where tiling abuts baths , basins and shower trays , and maybe a profile gauge if laying floor tiles around awkward areas like architraves , [and so on] .

When in use , the semi-circular wheel guard of the Hitachi deflects sparks , chippings etc away from the operator .
when in use , the semi-circular wheel guard of the hitachi deflects sparks , chippings [and so on] away from the operator .

Blackbirds and thrushes will make a meal of ripening strawberries , pears etc , and even blue-tits can damage ripening apples and pears by pecking them and letting in fungi and bacteria that may cause the fruit to rot .
blackbirds and thrushes will make a meal of ripening strawberries , pears [and so on] , and even blue-tits can damage ripening apples and pears by pecking them and letting in fungi and bacteria that may cause the fruit to rot .

Another member of the quintet , one Lyamshin , a post-office clerk , gets himself asked to parties where ‘ he would give imitations of a pig , a thunder storm , a confinement , with the first cry of the baby , etc .
another member of the quintet , one lyamshin , a post-office clerk , gets himself asked to parties where ‘ he would give imitations of a pig , a thunder storm , a confinement , with the first cry of the baby , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Masked by the apparently careless tumble of examples ( ‘ etc .
masked by the apparently careless tumble of examples ( ‘ [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Manageress Jaci Henderson said : ‘ We have no problems as long as they are n't running around , through clothes , making a mess , etc .
manageress jaci henderson said : ‘ we have no problems as long as they are n't running around , through clothes , making a mess , [and so on] .

When in Rome etc .
when in rome [and so on] .

These pockets are so voluminous that you can get a whole lot in besides — suntan lotion , midge repellent , etc .
these pockets are so voluminous that you can get a whole lot in besides — suntan lotion , midge repellent , [and so on] .

No bolts should be placed where removable ‘ natural ’ gear ( nuts , Friends etc ) can be placed .
no bolts should be placed where removable ‘ natural ’ gear ( nuts , friends [and so on] ) can be placed .

There are sensible discussions of things like bolts , falling off and full-body harnesses , interesting snippets such as wire-brushing the soles of your rock-boots occasionally or using superglue to protect your fingersss and , of course , lots of detail on gear : nine pages on pulleys , six on chalk bags , six on copperheads , four on gear slings etc , etc .
there are sensible discussions of things like bolts , falling off and full-body harnesses , interesting snippets such as wire-brushing the soles of your rock-boots occasionally or using superglue to protect your fingersss and , of course , lots of detail on gear : nine pages on pulleys , six on chalk bags , six on copperheads , four on gear slings [and so on] , [and so on] .

After all , they 've had their say years ago and made a meal of it : undeclared top-roping , hold chipping , secret rests , etc .
after all , they 've had their say years ago and made a meal of it : undeclared top-roping , hold chipping , secret rests , [and so on] .

And despite the Ramblers ' Association suggestion of management etc , we have not made too good a job of protecting other wilderness areas open to the public .
and despite the ramblers ' association suggestion of management [and so on] , we have not made too good a job of protecting other wilderness areas open to the public .

The whole assembly can then be given several coats of varnish to help hold the windings in place and glued down to a square mounting board , etc .
the whole assembly can then be given several coats of varnish to help hold the windings in place and glued down to a square mounting board , [and so on] .

Line styles , widths , varieties of dashed lines , etc ;
line styles , widths , varieties of dashed lines , [and so on] ;

Styles of area fill , hatching patterns , etc ;
styles of area fill , hatching patterns , [and so on] ;

The activating field producing resonance is the electric and magnetic field set up by an overhead power line or magnetic field producing appliance such as an electric blanket , etc .
the activating field producing resonance is the electric and magnetic field set up by an overhead power line or magnetic field producing appliance such as an electric blanket , [and so on] .

solos , grands pas , variations , etc . )
solos , grands pas , variations , [and so on] . )

type of character , period , location , etc .
type of character , period , location , [and so on] .

’ Manner of moving the body as in walking , running , dancing , etc . ’
’ manner of moving the body as in walking , running , dancing , [and so on] . ’

He can only highlight the atmosphere supporting the plot , especially those circumstances where he has to portray differences between classes and thus general behaviour , idiosyncrasies , etc .
he can only highlight the atmosphere supporting the plot , especially those circumstances where he has to portray differences between classes and thus general behaviour , idiosyncrasies , [and so on] .

The audience recognise physical movement for itself alone whereas those who theorise and attempt to define what they mean by such terms as post or neo-modern , contemporary , avant-garde , etc .
the audience recognise physical movement for itself alone whereas those who theorise and attempt to define what they mean by such terms as post or neo-modern , contemporary , avant-garde , [and so on] .

Thrusts of resistance ( mass demonstrations , resignations , tax rebellions , etc ) would come in crests .
thrusts of resistance ( mass demonstrations , resignations , tax rebellions , [and so on] ) would come in crests .

From Dixons , we will hear that the company should retain its independence because its current trading woes are a product of a consumer squeeze over which it has no control and because it will make lots of money when times get better and we have more spare cash with which to buy new tellies , video recorders , fridges etc .
from dixons , we will hear that the company should retain its independence because its current trading woes are a product of a consumer squeeze over which it has no control and because it will make lots of money when times get better and we have more spare cash with which to buy new tellies , video recorders , fridges [and so on] .

The mill still contains its iron half-breast shot wheel together with all the machinery , stones etc , although much of this has been idle since the early 1950s and has fallen into disrepair .
the mill still contains its iron half-breast shot wheel together with all the machinery , stones [and so on] , although much of this has been idle since the early 1950s and has fallen into disrepair .

The machinery drives two sets of stones , all of the equipment , such as hoppers , etc , still being complete .
the machinery drives two sets of stones , all of the equipment , such as hoppers , [and so on] , still being complete .

The usual function for these wheels is to provide power for auxiliary equipment such as a saw-bench , apple crusher etc , but in this case , the system also worked in reverse .
the usual function for these wheels is to provide power for auxiliary equipment such as a saw-bench , apple crusher [and so on] , but in this case , the system also worked in reverse .

There is a winnower , a bolting machine and a crusher , as well as a root chopper , used to chop turnips etc .
there is a winnower , a bolting machine and a crusher , as well as a root chopper , used to chop turnips [and so on] .

The drive is transmitted into the adjacent mill building which houses two complete sets of grinding gear and allied crushers , etc .
the drive is transmitted into the adjacent mill building which houses two complete sets of grinding gear and allied crushers , [and so on] .

Apart from the obvious iron water wheel , there are two sets of stones complete with damsels , hoppers , tuns etc .
apart from the obvious iron water wheel , there are two sets of stones complete with damsels , hoppers , tuns [and so on] .

By the early 1900s , the mill had been converted to a dower house , the water wheel used to grind bracken , etc , for the deer .
by the early 1900s , the mill had been converted to a dower house , the water wheel used to grind bracken , [and so on] , for the deer .

He goes on at some length referring to the machinery used for scribbling , spinning , fulling etc , all of these processes carried out under one roof .
he goes on at some length referring to the machinery used for scribbling , spinning , fulling [and so on] , all of these processes carried out under one roof .

Another important marketing task for the head is to encourage teachers to become more professionally involved with parents outside normal school hours — through curriculum workshops on reading , maths , science , etc where parents and teachers actually listen to each other .
another important marketing task for the head is to encourage teachers to become more professionally involved with parents outside normal school hours — through curriculum workshops on reading , maths , science , [and so on] where parents and teachers actually listen to each other .

Setting up a template of headings on a personal computer including days of the week , staff meeting agenda , coming soon , etc makes preparing the news sheet even easier .
setting up a template of headings on a personal computer including days of the week , staff meeting agenda , coming soon , [and so on] makes preparing the news sheet even easier .

Extra-curricular activities , sports , drama , music , chess clubs , gym club etc all improve the chances of making every child a winner , boosting self-image and giving reason for celebrating plus the additional spin off of enhancement of the school 's reputation .
extra-curricular activities , sports , drama , music , chess clubs , gym club [and so on] all improve the chances of making every child a winner , boosting self-image and giving reason for celebrating plus the additional spin off of enhancement of the school 's reputation .

The challenge to the parents to find the best teapot will , with any luck , lead to practical work on heat retention , ease of pouring , capacity , weight , etc .
the challenge to the parents to find the best teapot will , with any luck , lead to practical work on heat retention , ease of pouring , capacity , weight , [and so on] .

Produce evidence to support statements — ‘ Let me show you the improvement in Fred 's writing , maths , art etc . ’
produce evidence to support statements — ‘ let me show you the improvement in fred 's writing , maths , art [and so on] . ’

On parents ' evening/parents ' consultation sessions it 's a good idea to invite neighbouring schools serving other phases to send displays of photographs , children 's work , brochures , prospectuses etc to be arranged for the parents to view as they pass through the school during the evening .
on parents ' evening/parents ' consultation sessions it 's a good idea to invite neighbouring schools serving other phases to send displays of photographs , children 's work , brochures , prospectuses [and so on] to be arranged for the parents to view as they pass through the school during the evening .

Experience has shown that unless careful thought is given to the display then what often appears is an unco-ordinated collection of ‘ cute ’ photographs of children with false red noses on Comic Relief Day , on a school trip to Rhyl , feeding the old folk at a tea party , at school camps etc , but few photographs of children reading , writing or doing maths , science or any of the arts .
experience has shown that unless careful thought is given to the display then what often appears is an unco-ordinated collection of ‘ cute ’ photographs of children with false red noses on comic relief day , on a school trip to rhyl , feeding the old folk at a tea party , at school camps [and so on] , but few photographs of children reading , writing or doing maths , science or any of the arts .

Making parents aware of the virtues of the school , the buildings , the playing fields , the swimming pool etc is n't necessarily related to providing quality education .
making parents aware of the virtues of the school , the buildings , the playing fields , the swimming pool [and so on] is n't necessarily related to providing quality education .

Do keep the press informed of events which provide photo opportunities — Easter bonnet parade , pancake race , the school 's celebration of its 50th birthday etc .
do keep the press informed of events which provide photo opportunities — easter bonnet parade , pancake race , the school 's celebration of its 50th birthday [and so on] .

The prospectus needs to transmit the ethos of the school : child centred , church school , traditional values , family atmosphere etc and this message needs to run consistently through the text .
the prospectus needs to transmit the ethos of the school : child centred , church school , traditional values , family atmosphere [and so on] and this message needs to run consistently through the text .

These parents are the decision makers and have the power to tap into the resources of their companies to provide schools with additional funds , materials and use of resources such as company mini-buses etc .
these parents are the decision makers and have the power to tap into the resources of their companies to provide schools with additional funds , materials and use of resources such as company mini-buses [and so on] .

( 28 May 1764 ) Young Mozart 's abilities were continually being tested with demands that he should sight-read , improvise , compose melodies to pre-set bass lines , accompany other performers etc .
( 28 may 1764 ) young mozart 's abilities were continually being tested with demands that he should sight-read , improvise , compose melodies to pre-set bass lines , accompany other performers [and so on] .

After his return Mozart 's compositions included experiments with keyboard concerto writing in the form of arrangements of sonata movements of works by some of the composers he had met on his journeys ( Honnauer , Eckard etc ) ( 8 ) .
after his return mozart 's compositions included experiments with keyboard concerto writing in the form of arrangements of sonata movements of works by some of the composers he had met on his journeys ( honnauer , eckard [and so on] ) ( 8 ) .

Many mentions of mental handicap in the press stem from coverage in other media ( new books , plays , films etc ) and thus take the form of criticism .
many mentions of mental handicap in the press stem from coverage in other media ( new books , plays , films [and so on] ) and thus take the form of criticism .

The potencies are labelled as follows : 0/1 , 0/2 , 0/3 , 0/4 etc .
the potencies are labelled as follows : 0/1 , 0/2 , 0/3 , 0/4 [and so on] .

From 1815 he used potentised remedies for the toxic and insoluble inert materials such as Silica , Carbo Veg etc .
from 1815 he used potentised remedies for the toxic and insoluble inert materials such as silica , carbo veg [and so on] .

daily , or every other day etc .
daily , or every other day [and so on] .

This means that only groups identifiable by their religion but not race , or national origins etc .
this means that only groups identifiable by their religion but not race , or national origins [and so on] .

The Master of the Horse ( Grand Écuyer ) controlled a dozen chief assistants who in turn were overseers of a veritable army of coachmen , grooms , etc .
the master of the horse ( grand écuyer ) controlled a dozen chief assistants who in turn were overseers of a veritable army of coachmen , grooms , [and so on] .

Then comes an ante-room in which there is a staircase which gives access to the Empress 's apartments , then comes the room where the Emperor 's Chef de cabinet works , within call of the Emperor , whose own study and work room adjoin it … The Emperor has access ( to the room where the Council of Ministers meet ) by going through two rooms , one of which is a library and the other containing a table on which are placed newspapers , documents , etc .
then comes an ante-room in which there is a staircase which gives access to the empress 's apartments , then comes the room where the emperor 's chef de cabinet works , within call of the emperor , whose own study and work room adjoin it … the emperor has access ( to the room where the council of ministers meet ) by going through two rooms , one of which is a library and the other containing a table on which are placed newspapers , documents , [and so on] .

( ii ) Teaching about language should encourage discussion of vocabulary that is specific to local communities — words for local places , buildings , institutions etc , and local usages such as bairn ( cf child ) , baps ( cf rolls ) , outwith ( cf outside ) ; or to particular age groups , eg frock ( cf dress ) , wireless ( cf radio ) ; or to certain occupations eg the specialist terms and acronyms used by groups such as doctors , lawyers , builders , computer experts and mechanics .
( ii ) teaching about language should encourage discussion of vocabulary that is specific to local communities — words for local places , buildings , institutions [and so on] , and local usages such as bairn ( cf child ) , baps ( cf rolls ) , outwith ( cf outside ) ; or to particular age groups , eg frock ( cf dress ) , wireless ( cf radio ) ; or to certain occupations eg the specialist terms and acronyms used by groups such as doctors , lawyers , builders , computer experts and mechanics .

Recognise and talk about the use of word play , eg puns , unconventional spellings etc , and some of the effects of the writer 's choice of words in imaginative uses of English .
recognise and talk about the use of word play , eg puns , unconventional spellings [and so on] , and some of the effects of the writer 's choice of words in imaginative uses of english .

Identify in their reading , and talk and write about some of the changes in the grammar of English over time , eg in pronouns ( from thou and thee to you ) , in verb forms , in negatives , etc .
identify in their reading , and talk and write about some of the changes in the grammar of english over time , eg in pronouns ( from thou and thee to you ) , in verb forms , in negatives , [and so on] .

Demonstrate some understanding of the use of special lexical and grammatical effects in literary language , eg the repetition of words or structures , dialect forms , archaisms , grammatical deviance etc .
demonstrate some understanding of the use of special lexical and grammatical effects in literary language , eg the repetition of words or structures , dialect forms , archaisms , grammatical deviance [and so on] .

They should also consider where new words come from , eg borrowings from other languages such as glasnost , coinages , acronyms etc .
they should also consider where new words come from , eg borrowings from other languages such as glasnost , coinages , acronyms [and so on] .

( iv ) Discussion should focus on the effects , in context , of different types of vocabulary , eg archaic , literary , figurative , emotive , dialectal , colloquial , scientific etc .
( iv ) discussion should focus on the effects , in context , of different types of vocabulary , eg archaic , literary , figurative , emotive , dialectal , colloquial , scientific [and so on] .

; of grammatical features such as structural repetition , eg in scripted speeches , advertisements , literary prose , poems etc ; of lexical and grammatical ambiguity ; of the use of grammatical deviance for special effect , eg in advertisements , slogans , poems etc .
; of grammatical features such as structural repetition , eg in scripted speeches , advertisements , literary prose , poems [and so on] ; of lexical and grammatical ambiguity ; of the use of grammatical deviance for special effect , eg in advertisements , slogans , poems [and so on] .

Teaching should also bring out the structural characteristics of different types of verse and poetry , eg nursery rhymes , concrete poetry , haiku , limericks , ballads , sonnets etc .
teaching should also bring out the structural characteristics of different types of verse and poetry , eg nursery rhymes , concrete poetry , haiku , limericks , ballads , sonnets [and so on] .

For example , a letter to a friend may be informal ; a telephone conversation is not face-to-face ; interactive written communication is possible via computer terminals ; a speech may be a carefully edited and rehearsed monologue ; etc .
for example , a letter to a friend may be informal ; a telephone conversation is not face-to-face ; interactive written communication is possible via computer terminals ; a speech may be a carefully edited and rehearsed monologue ; [and so on] .

write coherently about a wide range of issues , ideas , incidents , etc ; organising different kinds of text in ways which help the reader ;
write coherently about a wide range of issues , ideas , incidents , [and so on] ; organising different kinds of text in ways which help the reader ;

17.20 Pupils should know that their writing need not always be formal or follow literary models ; it can also effectively capture and record first thoughts and immediate responses and be used for note-making , collecting and shaping information etc .
17.20 pupils should know that their writing need not always be formal or follow literary models ; it can also effectively capture and record first thoughts and immediate responses and be used for note-making , collecting and shaping information [and so on] .

17.28 One aspect of development as a writer is the growing ability to handle successfully different forms such as stories , poems , accounts , reports , instructions , essays , etc .
17.28 one aspect of development as a writer is the growing ability to handle successfully different forms such as stories , poems , accounts , reports , instructions , essays , [and so on] .

Show some competence in the structures of written Standard English and begin to use some sentence structures different from those which are characteristic of speech , eg a wider range of subordinate clauses , expanded noun phrases etc .
show some competence in the structures of written standard english and begin to use some sentence structures different from those which are characteristic of speech , eg a wider range of subordinate clauses , expanded noun phrases [and so on] .

Provide some evidence that the function of paragraphing ( ie to separate distinct ideas , events , etc and to unify related ones ) has been grasped .
provide some evidence that the function of paragraphing ( ie to separate distinct ideas , events , [and so on] and to unify related ones ) has been grasped .

Make an assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , and that enable the writer to vary sentence beginnings , achieve the desired emphasis etc , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives , elliptical constructions , non-finite subordinate clauses , and of a varied and appropriate vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .
make an assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , and that enable the writer to vary sentence beginnings , achieve the desired emphasis [and so on] , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives , elliptical constructions , non-finite subordinate clauses , and of a varied and appropriate vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .

Demonstrate some knowledge of criteria by which different types of written language can be judged , eg clarity , coherence , accuracy , appropriateness , effectiveness , vigour , etc .
demonstrate some knowledge of criteria by which different types of written language can be judged , eg clarity , coherence , accuracy , appropriateness , effectiveness , vigour , [and so on] .

By reading good examples of descriptions , explanation , opinions , etc and by being given purposeful opportunities to write their own , they should be helped to plan and produce these more demanding types of writing .
by reading good examples of descriptions , explanation , opinions , [and so on] and by being given purposeful opportunities to write their own , they should be helped to plan and produce these more demanding types of writing .

( vi ) They should have opportunities to create , polish and produce ( individually or collaboratively , by hand or on a word processor ) extended written texts , appropriately laid out and illustrated , such as class newspapers , anthologies of stories or poems , guidebooks , etc .
( vi ) they should have opportunities to create , polish and produce ( individually or collaboratively , by hand or on a word processor ) extended written texts , appropriately laid out and illustrated , such as class newspapers , anthologies of stories or poems , guidebooks , [and so on] .

( iv ) In the context of their own writing and reading , pupils should learn the meaning ( or grammatical function ) and the spelling of some common prefixes and suffixes , eg un- , in- ( and im- , il- , ir- ) , -able , -ness , -ful , etc .
( iv ) in the context of their own writing and reading , pupils should learn the meaning ( or grammatical function ) and the spelling of some common prefixes and suffixes , eg un- , in- ( and im- , il- , ir- ) , -able , -ness , -ful , [and so on] .

( iii ) Building on their experience of reading and hearing a wide range of poetry , they should have opportunities , both individually and in groups , to use poetic features such as rhythm , rhyme and alliteration in verse forms such as jingles , limericks , ballads , haiku , etc .
( iii ) building on their experience of reading and hearing a wide range of poetry , they should have opportunities , both individually and in groups , to use poetic features such as rhythm , rhyme and alliteration in verse forms such as jingles , limericks , ballads , haiku , [and so on] .

( vi ) In the context of their own writing , pupils should learn to organise subject matter into paragraphs , recognising that these enable readers to identify relationships between ideas , events , etc and to follow the structure of a story , account or argument , etc .
( vi ) in the context of their own writing , pupils should learn to organise subject matter into paragraphs , recognising that these enable readers to identify relationships between ideas , events , [and so on] and to follow the structure of a story , account or argument , [and so on] .

( vi ) Teaching should bring out the fact that as speech typically takes place in a situation where both speaker and listener are present , it can be accompanied by gestures , and words like this , that , here , now , you etc , whereas writing generally requires greater verbal explicitness .
( vi ) teaching should bring out the fact that as speech typically takes place in a situation where both speaker and listener are present , it can be accompanied by gestures , and words like this , that , here , now , you [and so on] , whereas writing generally requires greater verbal explicitness .

( v ) Pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately not only for different specified audiences ( as for key stage 3 ) but also for generalised unknown audiences , eg in producing instructions for a game , letters to a newspaper , publicity campaigns , etc .
( v ) pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately not only for different specified audiences ( as for key stage 3 ) but also for generalised unknown audiences , eg in producing instructions for a game , letters to a newspaper , publicity campaigns , [and so on] .

( vi ) In the context of their own writing , pupils should learn to construct different types of paragraph , eg a general statement followed by examples , illustrations followed by a conclusion , cause followed by effect , etc .
( vi ) in the context of their own writing , pupils should learn to construct different types of paragraph , eg a general statement followed by examples , illustrations followed by a conclusion , cause followed by effect , [and so on] .

The rubber boot is to stop ingress of dirt , etc .
the rubber boot is to stop ingress of dirt , [and so on] .

Rebuild your original engine or replace with 2¼ as the fitting of a larger engine requires extensive modification to the rest of the vehicle i e brakes , gear ratios , tyres etc If you fit a larger engine you will have to convert to 12v .
rebuild your original engine or replace with 2¼ as the fitting of a larger engine requires extensive modification to the rest of the vehicle i e brakes , gear ratios , tyres [and so on] if you fit a larger engine you will have to convert to 12v .

Put on each label — 1 ) a description of the article including size etc 2 ) the selling price .
put on each label — 1 ) a description of the article including size [and so on] 2 ) the selling price .

The more of you who do , the more informed our choice of articles etc will be !
the more of you who do , the more informed our choice of articles [and so on] will be !

Please remember when filling in the questionnaire that only about half to two thirds of the newsletters printed go to members ; the others all are given away at clinics , shows , etc .
please remember when filling in the questionnaire that only about half to two thirds of the newsletters printed go to members ; the others all are given away at clinics , shows , [and so on] .

Weight , names of other children etc .
weight , names of other children [and so on] .

We raised about £100 after expenses of the hall etc .
we raised about £100 after expenses of the hall [and so on] .

Maybe we do n't need them , what with Open Houses , New mums etc .
maybe we do n't need them , what with open houses , new mums [and so on] .

Other vegs — peas , beans , lentils , broccoli , etc .
other vegs — peas , beans , lentils , broccoli , [and so on] .

Dairy products — start with plain yoghurt , boiled cow 's milk , if these are tolerated introduce butter cheese etc .
dairy products — start with plain yoghurt , boiled cow 's milk , if these are tolerated introduce butter cheese [and so on] .

biting , kicking , snatching toys etc .
biting , kicking , snatching toys [and so on] .

Again we raised about £100 after expenses of the hall etc .
again we raised about £100 after expenses of the hall [and so on] .

Nannies & the Law , Insurances etc
nannies & the law , insurances [and so on]

Put on each label — 1 ) a description of the article including size etc 2 ) the selling price .
put on each label — 1 ) a description of the article including size [and so on] 2 ) the selling price .

The exchange of food and drink through dinner parties , coffee mornings , pub evenings , etc .
the exchange of food and drink through dinner parties , coffee mornings , pub evenings , [and so on] .

According to Robyn ( or , more precisely , according to the writers who have influenced her thinking on these matters ) , there is no such thing as the ‘ self ’ on which capitalism and the classic novel are founded — that is to say , a finite , unique soul or essence that constitutes a person 's identity ; there is only a subject position in an infinite web of discourses — the discourses of power , sex , family , science , religion , poetry , etc .
according to robyn ( or , more precisely , according to the writers who have influenced her thinking on these matters ) , there is no such thing as the ‘ self ’ on which capitalism and the classic novel are founded — that is to say , a finite , unique soul or essence that constitutes a person 's identity ; there is only a subject position in an infinite web of discourses — the discourses of power , sex , family , science , religion , poetry , [and so on] .

Therefore , while it is impossible to ‘ reduce ’ rights , status , etc .
therefore , while it is impossible to ‘ reduce ’ rights , status , [and so on] .

For it enables people to unite in support of some ‘ low or medium level ’ generalizations despite profound disagreements concerning their ultimate foundations , which some seek in religion , others in Marxism or in Liberalism , etc .
for it enables people to unite in support of some ‘ low or medium level ’ generalizations despite profound disagreements concerning their ultimate foundations , which some seek in religion , others in marxism or in liberalism , [and so on] .

They are the principle of equal liberty , assuring everyone equal measure of an enumerated list of basic liberties ( freedom of expression , religion , etc . )
they are the principle of equal liberty , assuring everyone equal measure of an enumerated list of basic liberties ( freedom of expression , religion , [and so on] . )

This interpretation of the doctrine is silent on whether individual political action ( voting in elections etc . )
this interpretation of the doctrine is silent on whether individual political action ( voting in elections [and so on] . )

The characters of the world drama are unified vertical slices of the globe 's inhabitants — ‘ the United States ’ , ‘ Guatemala ’ , ‘ Burma ’ — not horizontal ones ( beekeepers , engineers , bird lovers etc . )
the characters of the world drama are unified vertical slices of the globe 's inhabitants — ‘ the united states ’ , ‘ guatemala ’ , ‘ burma ’ — not horizontal ones ( beekeepers , engineers , bird lovers [and so on] . )

Continuous oppression had made the Irish a completely wretched nation , and now , as everyone knows , they have the job of providing England , America and Australia etc .
continuous oppression had made the irish a completely wretched nation , and now , as everyone knows , they have the job of providing england , america and australia [and so on] .

For those who regard ethnic origin as an important part of the explanation , this might have seemed odd , for Lenin was , despite recent disputes , solidly Russian , whereas much of the intellectual leadership of the rest of European Social Democracy was drawn from minorities — Rosa Luxemburg was Polish and Jewish , Piatakov was Ukrainian , Bauer and Karl Kautsky were Austrian and Jewish etc .
for those who regard ethnic origin as an important part of the explanation , this might have seemed odd , for lenin was , despite recent disputes , solidly russian , whereas much of the intellectual leadership of the rest of european social democracy was drawn from minorities — rosa luxemburg was polish and jewish , piatakov was ukrainian , bauer and karl kautsky were austrian and jewish [and so on] .

Russia can not exist without the Ukrainian sugar industry , and the same can be said in regard to coal ( the Donbas ) , cereals ( the black earth belt ) , etc .
russia can not exist without the ukrainian sugar industry , and the same can be said in regard to coal ( the donbas ) , cereals ( the black earth belt ) , [and so on] .

The Longeval Animal Sanctuary rescues and cares for many animals , and also regularly visit inner-city schools taking lambs , goats , piglets , calves , rabbits etc to give the children there the opportunity to see and touch these animals for themselves .
the longeval animal sanctuary rescues and cares for many animals , and also regularly visit inner-city schools taking lambs , goats , piglets , calves , rabbits [and so on] to give the children there the opportunity to see and touch these animals for themselves .

Afterthought … Fear of doors , entrances , gates etc .
afterthought … fear of doors , entrances , gates [and so on] .

Make sure you 've regularly checked all tack and equipment for stitching etc .
make sure you 've regularly checked all tack and equipment for stitching [and so on] .

This is because the horse is physically preparing himself for action — running , fighting , playing , courtship etc .
this is because the horse is physically preparing himself for action — running , fighting , playing , courtship [and so on] .

The aggressive and frightened expressions are very similar — high head , neck and tail carriage , flared nostrils , rolling eyes etc — because most aggression is actually the result of fear .
the aggressive and frightened expressions are very similar — high head , neck and tail carriage , flared nostrils , rolling eyes [and so on] — because most aggression is actually the result of fear .

You will soon come to recognise his normal expressions , and will instantly notice when they differ , indicating he is ill , frightened etc .
you will soon come to recognise his normal expressions , and will instantly notice when they differ , indicating he is ill , frightened [and so on] .

The voice is normally used to soothe and reward a horse , it is also used to tell the horse to trot and canter etc .
the voice is normally used to soothe and reward a horse , it is also used to tell the horse to trot and canter [and so on] .

They are also able to add vitamins and minerals in the form of premixes , to match the requirements for growth , or work etc .
they are also able to add vitamins and minerals in the form of premixes , to match the requirements for growth , or work [and so on] .

These are mixes which are designed for the horse owner who still wants to feed traditionally ie oats etc , but wants to make up the deficiencies with a specific mix .
these are mixes which are designed for the horse owner who still wants to feed traditionally ie oats [and so on] , but wants to make up the deficiencies with a specific mix .

It must ( 1 ) reflect the colours of the costumes ; ( 2 ) be abstract , using plant forms etc ; ( 3 ) be very symbolical of birth etc .
it must ( 1 ) reflect the colours of the costumes ; ( 2 ) be abstract , using plant forms [and so on] ; ( 3 ) be very symbolical of birth [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Carpets and curtains etc
carpets and curtains [and so on]

Are you going to eat in the living room , dining room or kitchen ? Are the kitchen and utility room large enough to take your washing machine , dryer , freezer , refrigerator , etc ? Can you install a shower if one is not already there ? Is there room for a cubicle or can one be installed over the bath ? Is there enough storage space ? Remember those difficult objects like prams , bicycles , toys , gardening equipment , golf clubs .
are you going to eat in the living room , dining room or kitchen ? are the kitchen and utility room large enough to take your washing machine , dryer , freezer , refrigerator , [and so on] ? can you install a shower if one is not already there ? is there room for a cubicle or can one be installed over the bath ? is there enough storage space ? remember those difficult objects like prams , bicycles , toys , gardening equipment , golf clubs .

Door bells and shavers etc require a separate fused supply through a transformer .
door bells and shavers [and so on] require a separate fused supply through a transformer .

Obtain from your solicitor copies of the Land Registry plan and the Ownership and Charges Register , showing the land , boundaries , restrictive covenants , etc .
obtain from your solicitor copies of the land registry plan and the ownership and charges register , showing the land , boundaries , restrictive covenants , [and so on] .

Particularly note if anyone else has a right over your land in respect of paths , drives , drains , mains services , mining for minerals , use of streams or beds of streams etc , and note whether your external drains and mains services cross anyone else 's land .
particularly note if anyone else has a right over your land in respect of paths , drives , drains , mains services , mining for minerals , use of streams or beds of streams [and so on] , and note whether your external drains and mains services cross anyone else 's land .

Obtain from your solicitor or the vendor copies of all guarantees such as those for damp-proofing , wood treatment , new windows , roofs etc .
obtain from your solicitor or the vendor copies of all guarantees such as those for damp-proofing , wood treatment , new windows , roofs [and so on] .

Ask the vendor about access to the roof space or spaces , and ask if all the keys to rooms , cupboards , garages , sheds etc , might be made available .
ask the vendor about access to the roof space or spaces , and ask if all the keys to rooms , cupboards , garages , sheds [and so on] , might be made available .

Request also that the past year 's water , gas and electricity bills , and the service agreements for boilers , security alarms etc , be available for your inspection , if you do not already have them .
request also that the past year 's water , gas and electricity bills , and the service agreements for boilers , security alarms [and so on] , be available for your inspection , if you do not already have them .

Cellars , attached garages etc
cellars , attached garages [and so on]

Secondly , you are looking out for minor defects which will cost you time and money — plumbing , heating redecoration , bathroom and kitchen fittings , replacement windows , floor finishes , insulation etc .
secondly , you are looking out for minor defects which will cost you time and money — plumbing , heating redecoration , bathroom and kitchen fittings , replacement windows , floor finishes , insulation [and so on] .

Repeat the process as defined for the upper floors , inspecting each room in a convenient order , but with three important additions : inspect for rising damp ; check the security of the windows and doors ; and finally check the meters , valves and fuses etc , associated with the water , gas and electricity supplies .
repeat the process as defined for the upper floors , inspecting each room in a convenient order , but with three important additions : inspect for rising damp ; check the security of the windows and doors ; and finally check the meters , valves and fuses [and so on] , associated with the water , gas and electricity supplies .

Tap all woodwork on windows etc , and external rendering .
tap all woodwork on windows [and so on] , and external rendering .

Check what equipment and fittings will be left and what will be removed ; ditto garden shrubs , trees , tubs , greenhouses etc .
check what equipment and fittings will be left and what will be removed ; ditto garden shrubs , trees , tubs , greenhouses [and so on] .

Just to say that claim had been processed at his end , had all relevant documentation , etc .
just to say that claim had been processed at his end , had all relevant documentation , [and so on] .

Full ( very full ) church service ; flowers , engraved invitations , gargantuan cake , going-away dress , etc .
full ( very full ) church service ; flowers , engraved invitations , gargantuan cake , going-away dress , [and so on] .

Parents , guests , priest , etc .
parents , guests , priest , [and so on] .

On the one hand , the Bhatta-Mimamsaka school argued that time is perceptible , whereas their Nyaya-Vaiseka opponents claimed that it is only an inferred concept because it lacks sensible qualities , such as colour , form , etc .
on the one hand , the bhatta-mimamsaka school argued that time is perceptible , whereas their nyaya-vaiseka opponents claimed that it is only an inferred concept because it lacks sensible qualities , such as colour , form , [and so on] .

In other words , events are perceived as quick , slow , etc .
in other words , events are perceived as quick , slow , [and so on] .

The Maya pictured the divisions of time as burdens carried by a hierarchy of divine bearers who personified the respective numbers by which the different periods of time — days , months , years , etc .
the maya pictured the divisions of time as burdens carried by a hierarchy of divine bearers who personified the respective numbers by which the different periods of time — days , months , years , [and so on] .

its duration , social assessments of blame , previous experience of steady employment , perception of future prospects , comparison with other groups , etc .
its duration , social assessments of blame , previous experience of steady employment , perception of future prospects , comparison with other groups , [and so on] .

Both exacerbate the incentives to commit offences and erode the social controls which would otherwise encourage conformity ( relative fearfulness of sanctions , perception of the justice of the system , involvement in conventional activities and relationships , etc . )
both exacerbate the incentives to commit offences and erode the social controls which would otherwise encourage conformity ( relative fearfulness of sanctions , perception of the justice of the system , involvement in conventional activities and relationships , [and so on] . )

an artificial ‘ administrative definition relating to contacts with particular institutions of the state and welfare agencies , social workers , the police etc . ’ ;
an artificial ‘ administrative definition relating to contacts with particular institutions of the state and welfare agencies , social workers , the police [and so on] . ’ ;

Local authority ( rates , emergencies etc )
local authority ( rates , emergencies [and so on] )

Again , your mobility may determine your ability to put certain things into your life like art galleries , theatres , etc .
again , your mobility may determine your ability to put certain things into your life like art galleries , theatres , [and so on] .

At this stage your conveyancing agent ( who may be your solicitor or a specialist dealing in conveyancing ) will now make pre-contract enquiries , which means that the vendor 's solicitors will answer various questions about boundaries , fences , drains , etc .
at this stage your conveyancing agent ( who may be your solicitor or a specialist dealing in conveyancing ) will now make pre-contract enquiries , which means that the vendor 's solicitors will answer various questions about boundaries , fences , drains , [and so on] .

Solid walls can only really be insulated by applying a material to the exterior of the walls ( rendering , false Yorkstone , pebbledash , etc . )
solid walls can only really be insulated by applying a material to the exterior of the walls ( rendering , false yorkstone , pebbledash , [and so on] . )

Income from abroad ( shares , pensions , etc . ) ;
income from abroad ( shares , pensions , [and so on] . ) ;

This last item can be used as a catch-all to embrace money spent on holidays , new furniture , entertainment , etc .
this last item can be used as a catch-all to embrace money spent on holidays , new furniture , entertainment , [and so on] .

The method of keeping little tins in the house marked ‘ rent ’ , ‘ rates ’ , ‘ telephone ’ , etc .
the method of keeping little tins in the house marked ‘ rent ’ , ‘ rates ’ , ‘ telephone ’ , [and so on] .

Motor insurance policy premiums should reduce over several years if you accrue ‘ No claims bonuses ’ — in other words if you do not make any claims for damage , etc .
motor insurance policy premiums should reduce over several years if you accrue ‘ no claims bonuses ’ — in other words if you do not make any claims for damage , [and so on] .

Some tinned or bottled vegetables such as baked beans , peas , green beans , tomatoes , etc .
some tinned or bottled vegetables such as baked beans , peas , green beans , tomatoes , [and so on] .

Tinned fish ( pilchards , sardines , mackerel fillets , tuna , etc . )
tinned fish ( pilchards , sardines , mackerel fillets , tuna , [and so on] . )

Twittish behaviour : Rather a lot , actually . Failed to get into Sandhurst ; failed to become a racing driver ( behaves like one ) ; spent vast sums on drugs ; got married wearing Gucci snaffle-bit loafers ; wrote pathetic letters to his ex Arabella Tait etc , etc
twittish behaviour : rather a lot , actually . failed to get into sandhurst ; failed to become a racing driver ( behaves like one ) ; spent vast sums on drugs ; got married wearing gucci snaffle-bit loafers ; wrote pathetic letters to his ex arabella tait [and so on] , [and so on]

Wealth : Rolling in lolly . There 's the Civil List ( £250,000pa ) , plus prezzies from the Queen , freebie flights , the odd Budgie book or Hello ! sesh etc
wealth : rolling in lolly . there 's the civil list ( £250,000pa ) , plus prezzies from the queen , freebie flights , the odd budgie book or hello ! sesh [and so on]

Fergs threw sugar sachets , tissues etc at Major Ron , her seccy and her detective ; stuck her head in a paper bag : poked her tongue out ; did her bird and telephone impersonations and sneaked a gasper outside the lav .
fergs threw sugar sachets , tissues [and so on] at major ron , her seccy and her detective ; stuck her head in a paper bag : poked her tongue out ; did her bird and telephone impersonations and sneaked a gasper outside the lav .

, Mr Allen described that ( 'Its silver-grey nose peeping … etc , etc ’ ) .
, mr allen described that ( 'its silver-grey nose peeping … [and so on] , [and so on] ’ ) .

Gippy Tummy , Delhi Belly , the Rangoon Runs , the Tokyo Trots , Mexican Heartburn , etc : Squitters may not kill the traveller but it does disrupt his social life .
gippy tummy , delhi belly , the rangoon runs , the tokyo trots , mexican heartburn , [and so on] : squitters may not kill the traveller but it does disrupt his social life .

It ties in with the fifth principle that ‘ personal data shall be accurate and , where necessary , kept up-to-date ’ — a formidable requirement , if taken literally , in view of the frequency with which personal details ( address , etc . )
it ties in with the fifth principle that ‘ personal data shall be accurate and , where necessary , kept up-to-date ’ — a formidable requirement , if taken literally , in view of the frequency with which personal details ( address , [and so on] . )

Relics from battle , swords , helmets , armour etc .
relics from battle , swords , helmets , armour [and so on] .

Another danger of the release of nitrous oxides is their contribution to acid rain , the chemical cocktail which can attack lakes , forests , ancient buildings etc ( see Chapter 3 ) .
another danger of the release of nitrous oxides is their contribution to acid rain , the chemical cocktail which can attack lakes , forests , ancient buildings [and so on] ( see chapter 3 ) .

, Punch , Ludgate House , etc , And we will send you that very die forthwith .
, punch , ludgate house , [and so on] , and we will send you that very die forthwith .

Similarly , unemployed people who can show they have used their time constructively , in study or voluntary work for example , will be able to match themselves to jobs demanding the qualities this demonstrates — initiative , hard work , flexibility , reliability , etc .
similarly , unemployed people who can show they have used their time constructively , in study or voluntary work for example , will be able to match themselves to jobs demanding the qualities this demonstrates — initiative , hard work , flexibility , reliability , [and so on] .

Straightforward queries on pay , working conditions , etc .
straightforward queries on pay , working conditions , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Advertising should also include those features which will prove attractive to candidates , such as salary , working conditions , promotion prospects , benefits , etc .
advertising should also include those features which will prove attractive to candidates , such as salary , working conditions , promotion prospects , benefits , [and so on] .

Leisure interests : Hobbies , membership of organizations , travel , etc .
leisure interests : hobbies , membership of organizations , travel , [and so on] .

That is , going through various categories — education , qualifications , experience , etc .
that is , going through various categories — education , qualifications , experience , [and so on] .

Pay particular attention to any areas which may be problematic — unexplained gaps in work sequence , poor examination results , etc .
pay particular attention to any areas which may be problematic — unexplained gaps in work sequence , poor examination results , [and so on] .

When the more straightforward side of the questioning has been dealt with it is usual for the interviewer to move on to more difficult areas of assessment — motivation , enthusiasm , ability to fit in with existing staff , flexibility , readiness to travel if necessary , stability of home background , etc .
when the more straightforward side of the questioning has been dealt with it is usual for the interviewer to move on to more difficult areas of assessment — motivation , enthusiasm , ability to fit in with existing staff , flexibility , readiness to travel if necessary , stability of home background , [and so on] .

If you work for a fairly large company you probably have a standard procedure for informing new employees about conditions of work , etc .
if you work for a fairly large company you probably have a standard procedure for informing new employees about conditions of work , [and so on] .

Where relevant write down what you are aiming for ( custody of the children , ownership of the house , damages for time off work , etc . )
where relevant write down what you are aiming for ( custody of the children , ownership of the house , damages for time off work , [and so on] . )

grapefruit , oranges , peaches , pineapple , pears , etc .
grapefruit , oranges , peaches , pineapple , pears , [and so on] .

( cottage cheese may be flavoured with chives , onions , pineapple , etc . )
( cottage cheese may be flavoured with chives , onions , pineapple , [and so on] . )

Certain medication ( like antibiotics , the Pill , etc . )
certain medication ( like antibiotics , the pill , [and so on] . )

It has power sources , wiring , electricity and lubrication etc .
it has power sources , wiring , electricity and lubrication [and so on] .

In all places like Whitehaven , the want of a necessary range of fortifications seems almost inexcusable , especially as the materials are in great plenty at or near the spot , labour cheap , etc .
in all places like whitehaven , the want of a necessary range of fortifications seems almost inexcusable , especially as the materials are in great plenty at or near the spot , labour cheap , [and so on] .

In a free market , and all things being equal — which is not always the case in regard to quality of training , aircraft maintenance etc — the cheaper establishments should attract custom to the detriment of the more expensive ones .
in a free market , and all things being equal — which is not always the case in regard to quality of training , aircraft maintenance [and so on] — the cheaper establishments should attract custom to the detriment of the more expensive ones .

The sheets , etc .
the sheets , [and so on] .

Cooker : Might notice shapes of ‘ electric rings ’ , doors , knobs , etc .
cooker : might notice shapes of ‘ electric rings ’ , doors , knobs , [and so on] .

Reaching inside bottles etc .
reaching inside bottles [and so on] .

Fruit ( imitation ) and bowl : Sets of different varieties , colours , etc .
fruit ( imitation ) and bowl : sets of different varieties , colours , [and so on] .

Dolls and clothes : ( Different sizes , colours , etc .
dolls and clothes : ( different sizes , colours , [and so on] .

This arrangement can be mathematical once the play is under way ; a conductor or driver may soon assume responsibility for matching passengers to seats and the children will encounter problems of too many , not enough , empty , etc .
this arrangement can be mathematical once the play is under way ; a conductor or driver may soon assume responsibility for matching passengers to seats and the children will encounter problems of too many , not enough , empty , [and so on] .

If a child brings in his birthday cards , then the teacher might explore his interest by talking with him about the number of cards , the pictures ( colours , sizes , what 's happening , etc . )
if a child brings in his birthday cards , then the teacher might explore his interest by talking with him about the number of cards , the pictures ( colours , sizes , what 's happening , [and so on] . )

Some children tend to insist that their models , cars , towers , etc .
some children tend to insist that their models , cars , towers , [and so on] .

Probably one of the easiest ways to show that water is necessary , is to germinate cress seeds on wet blotting paper , cotton wool , flannel , etc .
probably one of the easiest ways to show that water is necessary , is to germinate cress seeds on wet blotting paper , cotton wool , flannel , [and so on] .

Feel the different textures of sugar , salt , flour , etc .
feel the different textures of sugar , salt , flour , [and so on] .

Soak dried fruit , peas , beans , etc .
soak dried fruit , peas , beans , [and so on] .

Compare slow dripping , fast gushing , trickling , etc .
compare slow dripping , fast gushing , trickling , [and so on] .

Notice how the footprints fall , their pattern , size , etc .
notice how the footprints fall , their pattern , size , [and so on] .

Ride through puddles on bicycles , tricycles , trucks , etc Notice different tyre marks and number of tracks .
ride through puddles on bicycles , tricycles , trucks , [and so on] notice different tyre marks and number of tracks .

Notice the different speeds of movement of snails , fish , tadpoles , etc .
notice the different speeds of movement of snails , fish , tadpoles , [and so on] .

Comparisons may be made of many different properties ; shape , size , colour , texture , where the things were found , their use , scent , etc .
comparisons may be made of many different properties ; shape , size , colour , texture , where the things were found , their use , scent , [and so on] .

Polyfilla , alabastine or plasticine spread onto cardboard or wood provides a base for buttons , buckles , conkers , etc .
polyfilla , alabastine or plasticine spread onto cardboard or wood provides a base for buttons , buckles , conkers , [and so on] .

The use of different implements , or the provision of different surfaces on which the paint is applied can lead to comparison of shape , size , texture , colour etc .
the use of different implements , or the provision of different surfaces on which the paint is applied can lead to comparison of shape , size , texture , colour [and so on] .

Yoghurt cartons or cheese boxes may be put out as bases for the dough to be moulded onto as arms , legs , etc .
yoghurt cartons or cheese boxes may be put out as bases for the dough to be moulded onto as arms , legs , [and so on] .

Bags of string , bottle tops , cylinders , etc .
bags of string , bottle tops , cylinders , [and so on] .

One of the first ideas towards understanding number is accordingly that of a set of objects ( cars or people , etc . )
one of the first ideas towards understanding number is accordingly that of a set of objects ( cars or people , [and so on] . )

They might be sorted by their identity into lorry , cars and bicycle , according to a particular attribute ( colour , shape , weight , size , texture , etc . )
they might be sorted by their identity into lorry , cars and bicycle , according to a particular attribute ( colour , shape , weight , size , texture , [and so on] . )

The teacher could provide containers ( boxes , drawers , jars , etc . )
the teacher could provide containers ( boxes , drawers , jars , [and so on] . )

Ask the children to replace things that belong in each area ( Home Corner , shop , water tray , etc . )
ask the children to replace things that belong in each area ( home corner , shop , water tray , [and so on] . )

Garage , cars , lorries , etc .
garage , cars , lorries , [and so on] .

Vehicles might be grouped according to colour , use , whether ‘ broken down ’ , number of wheels , etc .
vehicles might be grouped according to colour , use , whether ‘ broken down ’ , number of wheels , [and so on] .

Picture cards These might be classified and sorted according to those that look alike , those that are of a particular colour or design , etc .
picture cards these might be classified and sorted according to those that look alike , those that are of a particular colour or design , [and so on] .

Sometimes children will themselves become part of a set — children wearing red , sandals , hair ribbon , etc. ; children sitting on the mat , floor , grass , etc .
sometimes children will themselves become part of a set — children wearing red , sandals , hair ribbon , etc. ; children sitting on the mat , floor , grass , [and so on] .

Children will soon discover if there are ‘ fewer ’ bikes , chairs , etc .
children will soon discover if there are ‘ fewer ’ bikes , chairs , [and so on] .

With interlocking bricks it is possible to go further away from the plumb than with smooth blocks ( wood , cork , etc . )
with interlocking bricks it is possible to go further away from the plumb than with smooth blocks ( wood , cork , [and so on] . )

To make them stand up without toppling over needs an understanding of balance , and vocabulary related to over-balancing , top-heavy , etc .
to make them stand up without toppling over needs an understanding of balance , and vocabulary related to over-balancing , top-heavy , [and so on] .

Portioning apples and oranges , handing round a plate of biscuits , etc .
portioning apples and oranges , handing round a plate of biscuits , [and so on] .

Here the teacher is working with a slightly older group of children and developing sorting , using a sorting box containing cubes , off-cuts of wood , beads , wheels , cotton reels , rods , etc .
here the teacher is working with a slightly older group of children and developing sorting , using a sorting box containing cubes , off-cuts of wood , beads , wheels , cotton reels , rods , [and so on] .

Children can look for shadows of trees , walls , houses , swings , climbing frames , etc .
children can look for shadows of trees , walls , houses , swings , climbing frames , [and so on] .

Rainwater can be collected in different-sized containers , raindrops observed going down window panes , etc .
rainwater can be collected in different-sized containers , raindrops observed going down window panes , [and so on] .

cover at workplace , cost of speakers etc .
cover at workplace , cost of speakers [and so on] .

‘ £8,000 a year allocated for external course fees , travel and subsistence , plus an estimated £6,500 per annum indirectly spent on staff library training films , video tapes etc . ‘ In total only four library authorities did not say that some money was available to be spent , from one source or another , although some named very small amounts :
‘ £8,000 a year allocated for external course fees , travel and subsistence , plus an estimated £6,500 per annum indirectly spent on staff library training films , video tapes [and so on] . ‘ in total only four library authorities did not say that some money was available to be spent , from one source or another , although some named very small amounts :

‘ Implementing [ by ] a planned training programme — too much of what we do is done ‘ as and when ’ we have the money , time , staff availability , planning time etc ’ .
‘ implementing [ by ] a planned training programme — too much of what we do is done ‘ as and when ’ we have the money , time , staff availability , planning time [and so on] ’ .

‘ Run general courses for all departments from , for example , supervisory duties for clerical staff to management training-courses infrequent ’ … ‘ Provides four introductory talks on local government ’ … ‘ Provision of local authority induction courses , health and safety courses , development courses etc ’ … ‘ General induction of new library staff , general management courses ’ .
‘ run general courses for all departments from , for example , supervisory duties for clerical staff to management training-courses infrequent ’ … ‘ provides four introductory talks on local government ’ … ‘ provision of local authority induction courses , health and safety courses , development courses [and so on] ’ … ‘ general induction of new library staff , general management courses ’ .

‘ Provides short courses in handling public , administration proceedings etc ’ … ‘ Induction , equal opportunity , interviewing , first aid ’ … ‘ Management training for professional and non-professional , advice and help in internal courses ’ .
‘ provides short courses in handling public , administration proceedings [and so on] ’ … ‘ induction , equal opportunity , interviewing , first aid ’ … ‘ management training for professional and non-professional , advice and help in internal courses ’ .

To liaise with other education and training organisations e.g. Local Government Training Board , Provincial Councils , Local Authority , Central Training Officers , Library Association Groups etc and to coopt other members as appropriate .
to liaise with other education and training organisations e.g. local government training board , provincial councils , local authority , central training officers , library association groups [and so on] and to coopt other members as appropriate .

Information on the organising of any activity which has been tried and tested by one Borough , will be passed to the others in a set format , together with templates etc where needed .
information on the organising of any activity which has been tried and tested by one borough , will be passed to the others in a set format , together with templates [and so on] where needed .

Preparation ( education etc ) — how much more are we prepared to invest ?
preparation ( education [and so on] ) — how much more are we prepared to invest ?

Social involvement ( holidays etc )
social involvement ( holidays [and so on] )

On the foundation of these other priorities rests our called ministry — teaching , preaching or counselling etc .
on the foundation of these other priorities rests our called ministry — teaching , preaching or counselling [and so on] .

Once we have arrived at peace , joy , fear or anger , etc , we have somewhat of a choice about what we do with it .
once we have arrived at peace , joy , fear or anger , [and so on] , we have somewhat of a choice about what we do with it .

This disillusion causes one to feel neglected , slighted , rejected , etc .
this disillusion causes one to feel neglected , slighted , rejected , [and so on] .

It is of the utmost importance that we continually experiment with things such as venue , lighting , perfumes etc .
it is of the utmost importance that we continually experiment with things such as venue , lighting , perfumes [and so on] .

At that time the sporting aspect was limited to the use of ‘ long dogs ’ , the name given in bygone years to the dogs used for coursing — lurchers , etc .
at that time the sporting aspect was limited to the use of ‘ long dogs ’ , the name given in bygone years to the dogs used for coursing — lurchers , [and so on] .

This in turn kept her in touch with local happenings — who was doing what , to whom , etc .
this in turn kept her in touch with local happenings — who was doing what , to whom , [and so on] .

‘ Included in the book , ’ we noted , ‘ will be famous falls — George Brown 's drunken tumble down steps , Kinnock on the beach etc .
‘ included in the book , ’ we noted , ‘ will be famous falls — george brown 's drunken tumble down steps , kinnock on the beach [and so on] .

Dementia sufferers therefore need people to help them with personal and house care ; to safeguard them ( and others who may be affected ) from risks such as gas or road traffic , from harming themselves or others , or from being harmed by others ( for they may become vulnerable to attack , theft , etc ) , and to provide them with companionship and emotional support in their frequent loneliness and depression ( see Norman , 1982 ) .
dementia sufferers therefore need people to help them with personal and house care ; to safeguard them ( and others who may be affected ) from risks such as gas or road traffic , from harming themselves or others , or from being harmed by others ( for they may become vulnerable to attack , theft , [and so on] ) , and to provide them with companionship and emotional support in their frequent loneliness and depression ( see norman , 1982 ) .

To attempt to calculate the cost for the long-stay psychogeriatric wards in the particular hospitals in the project would have involved an observational study of all the staff who had an input , for example doctors , nurses , occupational therapists , social workers , community psychiatric nurses , etc to see how much time they spent directly with the patients in the long-stay wards and how much time they spent indirectly in work connected with these patients such as in case conferences , meetings , administrative work , telephone calls and so on .
to attempt to calculate the cost for the long-stay psychogeriatric wards in the particular hospitals in the project would have involved an observational study of all the staff who had an input , for example doctors , nurses , occupational therapists , social workers , community psychiatric nurses , [and so on] to see how much time they spent directly with the patients in the long-stay wards and how much time they spent indirectly in work connected with these patients such as in case conferences , meetings , administrative work , telephone calls and so on .

They stated that almost everyone was ‘ supportive ’ and ‘ welcoming ’ , apart from ( a ) some general practitioners who were a little anxious about severely dependent elderly people being sustained at home , and ( b ) a few people concerned about the risks of bringing unqualified support workers into people 's homes with all the attendant risks of exploitation , etc .
they stated that almost everyone was ‘ supportive ’ and ‘ welcoming ’ , apart from ( a ) some general practitioners who were a little anxious about severely dependent elderly people being sustained at home , and ( b ) a few people concerned about the risks of bringing unqualified support workers into people 's homes with all the attendant risks of exploitation , [and so on] .

‘ Half my time is spent with visiting new and on-going clients , a quarter visiting relatives and other professionals involved , and a quarter recording , planning , attending ward rounds , etc — but it changes from week to week . ’ Development Officer , Newham
‘ half my time is spent with visiting new and on-going clients , a quarter visiting relatives and other professionals involved , and a quarter recording , planning , attending ward rounds , [and so on] — but it changes from week to week . ’ development officer , newham

Within their concept of stress or strain — often used either together or interchangeably by respondents , carers could include anxiety , fear , irritation , tension , despondency , etc .
within their concept of stress or strain — often used either together or interchangeably by respondents , carers could include anxiety , fear , irritation , tension , despondency , [and so on] .

How many of those who said they would prefer their husband , wife , mother , etc to go into institutional care had had this wish granted within one year ? And had the views of those whose spouse , mother , etc was still at home changed or not one year later ?
how many of those who said they would prefer their husband , wife , mother , [and so on] to go into institutional care had had this wish granted within one year ? and had the views of those whose spouse , mother , [and so on] was still at home changed or not one year later ?

We re-interviewed those principal carers whose relatives , etc had moved to permanent institutional care by the end of one year .
we re-interviewed those principal carers whose relatives , [and so on] had moved to permanent institutional care by the end of one year .

Other imported breeds , including Danish Red , Red-and-White Friesian , etc .
other imported breeds , including danish red , red-and-white friesian , [and so on] .

It originated in the east and southeast parts of the Netherlands along the three rivers : the Meuse , the Rhine and the Ijssel , whence it spread to sandier areas and to Westphalia , Rhineland , Belgium , Luxembourg , etc .
it originated in the east and southeast parts of the netherlands along the three rivers : the meuse , the rhine and the ijssel , whence it spread to sandier areas and to westphalia , rhineland , belgium , luxembourg , [and so on] .

Feelings of inequality : being female , black , divorced , a single parent , dissatisfied with appearance , physical/ mental handicap , etc .
feelings of inequality : being female , black , divorced , a single parent , dissatisfied with appearance , physical/ mental handicap , [and so on] .

Environment : not only pollution , but dislike of one 's surroundings at home or at work etc .
environment : not only pollution , but dislike of one 's surroundings at home or at work [and so on] .

An 1801 description criticised , ‘ Though the corporation are said to be enriched by the produce of the ferry over the Tamar , the privilege of dragging the oysters , the anchorage and clearance of foreign vessels etc , yet the town presents but a poor appearance ’ .
an 1801 description criticised , ‘ though the corporation are said to be enriched by the produce of the ferry over the tamar , the privilege of dragging the oysters , the anchorage and clearance of foreign vessels [and so on] , yet the town presents but a poor appearance ’ .

He advertised , ‘ Instruction in writing in the various hands , merchants ’ accounts by the Italian method of Double Entry , arithmetic in all its branches , algebra etc .
he advertised , ‘ instruction in writing in the various hands , merchants ’ accounts by the italian method of double entry , arithmetic in all its branches , algebra [and so on] .

, plain and spherical trigonometry and geometry , drafting , navigation , the use of the globes , planisphere etc ’ .
, plain and spherical trigonometry and geometry , drafting , navigation , the use of the globes , planisphere [and so on] ’ .

Baskets for carrying your tackle box , reels , bait , flasks , sandwiches , etc .
baskets for carrying your tackle box , reels , bait , flasks , sandwiches , [and so on] .

After tackling up and laying your baitboxes , landing net etc , around you , and sinking your keepnet in deep-enough water , you should still have a reasonable amount of daylight left to assess your surroundings .
after tackling up and laying your baitboxes , landing net [and so on] , around you , and sinking your keepnet in deep-enough water , you should still have a reasonable amount of daylight left to assess your surroundings .

You need only one landing net , one keepnet , one set of scales , etc .
you need only one landing net , one keepnet , one set of scales , [and so on] .

How much to put in depends on the population of fish , including other species , for you can not prevent roach , perch , tench and carp etc .
how much to put in depends on the population of fish , including other species , for you can not prevent roach , perch , tench and carp [and so on] .

the establishment of forms of fixed terms of appointment , assessment , review etc which obviate the need to use age as a convenient tool ;
the establishment of forms of fixed terms of appointment , assessment , review [and so on] which obviate the need to use age as a convenient tool ;

the establishment of fixed terms of appointment , assessment , review etc which obviate the need to use age as a predetermined limit ;
the establishment of fixed terms of appointment , assessment , review [and so on] which obviate the need to use age as a predetermined limit ;

my place within the people of God ( in the local church , house group etc . )
my place within the people of god ( in the local church , house group [and so on] . )

think of your moods and see what stands out — joy , pain , turmoil , love , anger , anxiety , the presence of God , isolation etc .
think of your moods and see what stands out — joy , pain , turmoil , love , anger , anxiety , the presence of god , isolation [and so on] .

you spend a long time travelling to and from work each day ; you have recently had a bereavement in your family ; you have to get up each night for the children , etc . )
you spend a long time travelling to and from work each day ; you have recently had a bereavement in your family ; you have to get up each night for the children , [and so on] . )

to provide a forum where we can review the content and balance of our lives as far as work , personal spirituality , family time , leisure , outside interests etc .
to provide a forum where we can review the content and balance of our lives as far as work , personal spirituality , family time , leisure , outside interests [and so on] .

job interview , family sickness , finance , etc . )
job interview , family sickness , finance , [and so on] . )

The alternatives — studying people , tissue culture , computer modelling etc .
the alternatives — studying people , tissue culture , computer modelling [and so on] .

There is no doubt that if such organisations achieve their objective of eliminating all laboratory animal use in medical research , the chances of finding treatments for diseases like multiple sclerosis , muscular dystrophy , cystic fibrosis , cancer , Aids etc .
there is no doubt that if such organisations achieve their objective of eliminating all laboratory animal use in medical research , the chances of finding treatments for diseases like multiple sclerosis , muscular dystrophy , cystic fibrosis , cancer , aids [and so on] .

Thus magistrates deal with what could be called the ‘ true ’ criminal matters such as murder , burglary , assault etc , and also the various road traffic offences such as speeding , driving without due care and attention , reckless driving etc .
thus magistrates deal with what could be called the ‘ true ’ criminal matters such as murder , burglary , assault [and so on] , and also the various road traffic offences such as speeding , driving without due care and attention , reckless driving [and so on] .

Yours , etc .
yours , [and so on] .

To a considerable extent it shades into the self-education function , especially if the latter is broadened to include practical matters ( do-it-yourself , cookery , sport , etc . )
to a considerable extent it shades into the self-education function , especially if the latter is broadened to include practical matters ( do-it-yourself , cookery , sport , [and so on] . )

Broad statements of intent ( ‘ the library takes account of varying needs … anticipates future requirements and current demands … ’ etc . )
broad statements of intent ( ‘ the library takes account of varying needs … anticipates future requirements and current demands … ’ [and so on] . )

Questionnaires , interviews , etc .
questionnaires , interviews , [and so on] .

should be planned with extreme care ( a pilot survey is indispensable in almost every circumstance ) , and must be completed by , administered to , etc .
should be planned with extreme care ( a pilot survey is indispensable in almost every circumstance ) , and must be completed by , administered to , [and so on] .

In selection each book , periodical , etc .
in selection each book , periodical , [and so on] .

In a great many works of an advanced nature ( research material , monographs etc . )
in a great many works of an advanced nature ( research material , monographs [and so on] . )

Anthony Blond 's interpretation of blurb cliches strikes the right satirical note : ( ‘ Kafkaesque ’ = ‘ obscure ’ ; ‘ frank and outspoken ’ = ‘ obscene ’ ; ‘ well-known ’ = ‘ unknown ’ ; ‘ ingenious ’ = ‘ unbelievable ’ ; etc . )
anthony blond 's interpretation of blurb cliches strikes the right satirical note : ( ‘ kafkaesque ’ = ‘ obscure ’ ; ‘ frank and outspoken ’ = ‘ obscene ’ ; ‘ well-known ’ = ‘ unknown ’ ; ‘ ingenious ’ = ‘ unbelievable ’ ; [and so on] . )

However it is current , and its coverage — fiction , biography , travel , hobbies , popular science , etc .
however it is current , and its coverage — fiction , biography , travel , hobbies , popular science , [and so on] .

The key requirement is that they should be selective , which suggests that an authority on the subject has sifted through the literature and identified the most important books , periodicals , etc .
the key requirement is that they should be selective , which suggests that an authority on the subject has sifted through the literature and identified the most important books , periodicals , [and so on] .

Nevertheless it is an immensely useful selective bibliography covering fields where few such lists exist — fiction , biography , travel , hobbies , etc .
nevertheless it is an immensely useful selective bibliography covering fields where few such lists exist — fiction , biography , travel , hobbies , [and so on] .

Sorting through stock on library shelves usually involves a number of other activities not strictly described by the term ‘ weeding ’ — for instance , identifying books for binding , replacement , cleaning , etc .
sorting through stock on library shelves usually involves a number of other activities not strictly described by the term ‘ weeding ’ — for instance , identifying books for binding , replacement , cleaning , [and so on] .

The cumulative effect of unemployment should be demonstrated to this and successive governments by drawing on bureaux experience which highlights the correlation between unemployment and multiple debt , matrimonial problems and fuel debts , etc .
the cumulative effect of unemployment should be demonstrated to this and successive governments by drawing on bureaux experience which highlights the correlation between unemployment and multiple debt , matrimonial problems and fuel debts , [and so on] .

maximise income/minimise expenditure ( checking income tax , state benefits , maintenance payments etc . )
maximise income/minimise expenditure ( checking income tax , state benefits , maintenance payments [and so on] . )

The abandoned workings are above a wood , west of the church of 1825 which accompanies miners ' and managers ' houses , school and shop , etc .
the abandoned workings are above a wood , west of the church of 1825 which accompanies miners ' and managers ' houses , school and shop , [and so on] .

thin silk used for lining gowns , petticoats , etc .
thin silk used for lining gowns , petticoats , [and so on] .

England supported them , and many English financiers managed to obtain concessions to mine for silver , etc .
england supported them , and many english financiers managed to obtain concessions to mine for silver , [and so on] .

three-volume collection of short stories , poems , etc .
three-volume collection of short stories , poems , [and so on] .

Fudging the amounts spent , by analogy with the use of pipe clay , a fine white powder , for disguising marks on uniform trousers , accoutrements , etc .
fudging the amounts spent , by analogy with the use of pipe clay , a fine white powder , for disguising marks on uniform trousers , accoutrements , [and so on] .

large screen for the fire , often on wheels , containing small cupboards for holding plates , etc .
large screen for the fire , often on wheels , containing small cupboards for holding plates , [and so on] .

Italian porridge made from meal of chestnuts , maize , etc .
italian porridge made from meal of chestnuts , maize , [and so on] .

place of public entertainment in London , lying to the east of Chelsea Hospital , and comprising extensive gardens and a magnificent rotunda , erected in 1742 , where concerts , etc .
place of public entertainment in london , lying to the east of chelsea hospital , and comprising extensive gardens and a magnificent rotunda , erected in 1742 , where concerts , [and so on] .

It sought to reinvigorate the Church and enhance its spiritual life by bringing back into its service much of the ritual and many of the vestments , ornaments , etc .
it sought to reinvigorate the church and enhance its spiritual life by bringing back into its service much of the ritual and many of the vestments , ornaments , [and so on] .

1390 for the hearing of poor people 's petitions for the recovery of debts , etc .
1390 for the hearing of poor people 's petitions for the recovery of debts , [and so on] .

Typical examples of the kinds of ritual practices that are commonly observed include : ( i ) dietary and sexual abstinence before hunting , ( ii ) visionary experiences induced by drugs or fasting , ( iii ) ritual purification of hunter and weapons before hunting , ( iv ) offering of formal apology/excuse to the slain animal — blame-shifting , ( v ) offering of tokens of appeasement — food , tobacco , etc .
typical examples of the kinds of ritual practices that are commonly observed include : ( i ) dietary and sexual abstinence before hunting , ( ii ) visionary experiences induced by drugs or fasting , ( iii ) ritual purification of hunter and weapons before hunting , ( iv ) offering of formal apology/excuse to the slain animal — blame-shifting , ( v ) offering of tokens of appeasement — food , tobacco , [and so on] .

To some it will be an urban environment that they are looking to and within that concept will be the requirement for clean streets , no noise and fumes from traffic , no aircraft noise , access to local parks or open spaces , etc .
to some it will be an urban environment that they are looking to and within that concept will be the requirement for clean streets , no noise and fumes from traffic , no aircraft noise , access to local parks or open spaces , [and so on] .

The question of hedgerows , maintaining natural areas of woodland , etc .
the question of hedgerows , maintaining natural areas of woodland , [and so on] .

And man , lacking such things as machinery , petroleum , pesticides , etc , did not greatly disturb the environment .
and man , lacking such things as machinery , petroleum , pesticides , [and so on] , did not greatly disturb the environment .

There are those who say that for man to feel pain he must have certain parts of his brain intact such as the spinothalamic tract or the limbic system or the cingulate gyrus etc .
there are those who say that for man to feel pain he must have certain parts of his brain intact such as the spinothalamic tract or the limbic system or the cingulate gyrus [and so on] .

Salary , taxation etc
salary , taxation [and so on]

Job performance etc
job performance [and so on]

For an industrial waste producer , a college , hospital etc , the extent to which the duty applies will vary according to the arrangements it has made for the disposal of the waste ( see box ) .
for an industrial waste producer , a college , hospital [and so on] , the extent to which the duty applies will vary according to the arrangements it has made for the disposal of the waste ( see box ) .

These are quite familiar , with -al , -amine , -oic acid , -ol , -olide , -one , -quinone , -thial , -thiol etc .
these are quite familiar , with -al , -amine , -oic acid , -ol , -olide , -one , -quinone , -thial , -thiol [and so on] .

Radiation can cause the ionisation of biological molecules when electrons are removed from atoms , bonds are broken , etc .
radiation can cause the ionisation of biological molecules when electrons are removed from atoms , bonds are broken , [and so on] .

The children themselves brought berries , charcoal etc and found out how pigments work , how paint is made and how its properties can be changed , before putting their knowledge to artistic use .
the children themselves brought berries , charcoal [and so on] and found out how pigments work , how paint is made and how its properties can be changed , before putting their knowledge to artistic use .

Large or small organisations may comprise a variety of functional groups , some undertaking essentially manual tasks ( eg assembling or manufacturing components ) , others involved with sales , marketing , costing etc , and others with indirect support work such as typing , filing , and the distribution of correspondence .
large or small organisations may comprise a variety of functional groups , some undertaking essentially manual tasks ( eg assembling or manufacturing components ) , others involved with sales , marketing , costing [and so on] , and others with indirect support work such as typing , filing , and the distribution of correspondence .

Cooking instructions , etc
cooking instructions , [and so on]

For example , rather than cover item by item the information given to new residents and staff with questions such as ‘ Do you tell them where the post office/bed room/toilet/ etc is ?
for example , rather than cover item by item the information given to new residents and staff with questions such as ‘ do you tell them where the post office/bed room/toilet/ [and so on] is ?

This same point was made earlier during the discussion of general applications , and examples were given of how it can assist with such things as planning , exploring relationships , putting particular aspects of an organisation into context , etc ; in other words , using it as a basis for creative thinking and logical deduction .
this same point was made earlier during the discussion of general applications , and examples were given of how it can assist with such things as planning , exploring relationships , putting particular aspects of an organisation into context , [and so on] ; in other words , using it as a basis for creative thinking and logical deduction .

The effect of such disturbances on isolated parts of the organisation structure , individuals , resources etc may be obvious , but the overall effect and how the changes relate to current practices may not be so clear .
the effect of such disturbances on isolated parts of the organisation structure , individuals , resources [and so on] may be obvious , but the overall effect and how the changes relate to current practices may not be so clear .

At this stage it was not the intention to explore the real world on the basis of the model , but to use the model as a starting point for further development , and the analysts concentrated on specifying the transformation required , without too much concern about the system ownership , actors , etc .
at this stage it was not the intention to explore the real world on the basis of the model , but to use the model as a starting point for further development , and the analysts concentrated on specifying the transformation required , without too much concern about the system ownership , actors , [and so on] .

Within this ideal model ( Fig 12.3 ) , the actual costs of providing education at the appropriate level would be calculated for both academic and non-academic resources ( eg staff , equipment , facilities , services , etc ) .
within this ideal model ( fig 12.3 ) , the actual costs of providing education at the appropriate level would be calculated for both academic and non-academic resources ( eg staff , equipment , facilities , services , [and so on] ) .

Consequently , resource levels may never fully satisfy the needs , and an imbalance between academic and non-academic staff , equipment , services , etc is inevitable .
consequently , resource levels may never fully satisfy the needs , and an imbalance between academic and non-academic staff , equipment , services , [and so on] is inevitable .

This provides the College budget , which , based on the local detailed plan for course provision , is converted into resources , constrained not only by finance , but also by central directives about staffing levels and grades , the use of support services etc , and the way the support services are organised and controlled .
this provides the college budget , which , based on the local detailed plan for course provision , is converted into resources , constrained not only by finance , but also by central directives about staffing levels and grades , the use of support services [and so on] , and the way the support services are organised and controlled .

In this event , the effect of greater delegation could lead to some enhancement of grades or levels of staff to recognise the increased responsibilities and workload associated with delegated budgets , personnel matters etc ; commercial activities could be enhanced to increase income where possible , but not in true recognition of actual resource needs .
in this event , the effect of greater delegation could lead to some enhancement of grades or levels of staff to recognise the increased responsibilities and workload associated with delegated budgets , personnel matters [and so on] ; commercial activities could be enhanced to increase income where possible , but not in true recognition of actual resource needs .

From this starting point , after considering such factors as who would be involved in the implied activities and system ownership etc , the following root definition was formulated :
from this starting point , after considering such factors as who would be involved in the implied activities and system ownership [and so on] , the following root definition was formulated :

The main environmental factors were taken to be the effect of market forces on such things as staff recruitment , purchase of materials , and course demand , etc , constrained by the long-term contractual obligations to existing teaching and non-teaching staff .
the main environmental factors were taken to be the effect of market forces on such things as staff recruitment , purchase of materials , and course demand , [and so on] , constrained by the long-term contractual obligations to existing teaching and non-teaching staff .

Who is responsible for purchase of equipment , etc ?
who is responsible for purchase of equipment , [and so on] ?

This further expansion gave greater insight into the information requirements of the system ( eg for the activity Tender for services , information about tender procedures , potential contractors , standards required , etc could be relevant ) , and could be checked against the information actually available in practice , an approach that is examined further in Chapter 11 .
this further expansion gave greater insight into the information requirements of the system ( eg for the activity tender for services , information about tender procedures , potential contractors , standards required , [and so on] could be relevant ) , and could be checked against the information actually available in practice , an approach that is examined further in chapter 11 .

Indirect Support Resources — Administrative and clerical staff , central support technicians , cleaning and catering staff , grounds and building maintenance implications , etc .
indirect support resources — administrative and clerical staff , central support technicians , cleaning and catering staff , grounds and building maintenance implications , [and so on] .

Similarly , many of the activities could be grouped under a generic support services heading , ie those concerned with organising indirect services such as finance , personnel and general administration etc .
similarly , many of the activities could be grouped under a generic support services heading , ie those concerned with organising indirect services such as finance , personnel and general administration [and so on] .

However , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , whilst dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the College and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies etc , and the public .
however , activities concerned with the development of income sources ( eg business functions ) , whilst dependent on the administrative services for day-to-day support and information , and overlapping the business activities of some teaching departments , are primarily concerned with the interface between the college and potential income suppliers , eg public and private sector employers , government agencies [and so on] , and the public .

Procedures of both sorts can be found in any type or size of organisation , for filling in forms , processing goods , inputting data to a computer system etc , and those directed at the continual development and implementation of policy , or the preservation of the mode of business operation .
procedures of both sorts can be found in any type or size of organisation , for filling in forms , processing goods , inputting data to a computer system [and so on] , and those directed at the continual development and implementation of policy , or the preservation of the mode of business operation .

The activities are then decomposed until such time as the related resources ( eg people , time , money , skills etc ) which need to be committed to the procedure can be clarified .
the activities are then decomposed until such time as the related resources ( eg people , time , money , skills [and so on] ) which need to be committed to the procedure can be clarified .

This may require additional information to be recorded on requisition forms etc , or involve setting up new registers , all of which will demand extra staff time , and could lead to some resistance .
this may require additional information to be recorded on requisition forms [and so on] , or involve setting up new registers , all of which will demand extra staff time , and could lead to some resistance .

Individuals informally record expenses incurred ( eg in notebooks etc ) .
individuals informally record expenses incurred ( eg in notebooks [and so on] ) .

For this exercise , the procedure being examined is that carried out within a section , and the procedure owner is taken to be the person who could authorise changes at this level ( eg by the introduction of pro-formats for day-to-day recording of mileage etc ) , in this case the head of each section .
for this exercise , the procedure being examined is that carried out within a section , and the procedure owner is taken to be the person who could authorise changes at this level ( eg by the introduction of pro-formats for day-to-day recording of mileage [and so on] ) , in this case the head of each section .

The wider system would include the parent department , the personnel section who verify the claims , the finance department that influences the format and timing of claims , etc , and the boards or committees that determine the organisation policy as a whole .
the wider system would include the parent department , the personnel section who verify the claims , the finance department that influences the format and timing of claims , [and so on] , and the boards or committees that determine the organisation policy as a whole .

notebooks etc
notebooks [and so on]

It was also obvious that there was no common set of criteria of needs ( ie in terms of access times , location , form , archiving etc ) that applied to all groups , a conclusion that had serious implications for the proposed systems .
it was also obvious that there was no common set of criteria of needs ( ie in terms of access times , location , form , archiving [and so on] ) that applied to all groups , a conclusion that had serious implications for the proposed systems .

Noting down ( in picture form ) any points about the main characters , policies , locations , finance , constraints etc that seem relevant when reading through background papers , correspondence and other related material .
noting down ( in picture form ) any points about the main characters , policies , locations , finance , constraints [and so on] that seem relevant when reading through background papers , correspondence and other related material .

Using the interview analysis technique where there is a need to draw conclusions about issues from a large number of interviews notes , discussion papers etc .
using the interview analysis technique where there is a need to draw conclusions about issues from a large number of interviews notes , discussion papers [and so on] .

This analysis can be carried out manually by examining related complaints , grumbles etc and assessing the root cause of the expressed problems , or by utilising the facilities of a computer database to record , assess and regroup a series of minor points .
this analysis can be carried out manually by examining related complaints , grumbles [and so on] and assessing the root cause of the expressed problems , or by utilising the facilities of a computer database to record , assess and regroup a series of minor points .

It is , however , acceptable to illustrate in the conceptual model secondary inputs/outputs in support of the main transformation , and some of these ( such as resources , information etc ) could have a tangible form in the real situation .
it is , however , acceptable to illustrate in the conceptual model secondary inputs/outputs in support of the main transformation , and some of these ( such as resources , information [and so on] ) could have a tangible form in the real situation .

This is because part of that expenditure is incurred in the operating theatres , part in the wards , part in the X-ray department , etc .
this is because part of that expenditure is incurred in the operating theatres , part in the wards , part in the x-ray department , [and so on] .

To client group ( mental handicap , maternity , the elderly , etc )
to client group ( mental handicap , maternity , the elderly , [and so on] )

To clinical specialty ( orthopaedics , paediatrics , obstetrics , etc )
to clinical specialty ( orthopaedics , paediatrics , obstetrics , [and so on] )

By disease category ( hip replacements , appendicectomies , strokes , etc )
by disease category ( hip replacements , appendicectomies , strokes , [and so on] )

It is possible to have a system in which ‘ workload related budgets concerning financial and manpower allocations , etc but it is not going to be ‘ unsophisticated ’ .
it is possible to have a system in which ‘ workload related budgets concerning financial and manpower allocations , [and so on] but it is not going to be ‘ unsophisticated ’ .

Inevitably , therefore , even within one category , some patients are more severely ill than others , some have more complications , some respond to treatment better than others , etc , etc .
inevitably , therefore , even within one category , some patients are more severely ill than others , some have more complications , some respond to treatment better than others , [and so on] , [and so on] .

Such an exercise involves setting standard costs for hospital units such as ‘ bed/days ’ and ‘ operating theatre hours ’ , etc .
such an exercise involves setting standard costs for hospital units such as ‘ bed/days ’ and ‘ operating theatre hours ’ , [and so on] .

New programmes were launched nationally : Individual Performance Review , National Accelerated Development Programme , etc , and the enduring problem of preparing clinicians to participate in management was tackled .
new programmes were launched nationally : individual performance review , national accelerated development programme , [and so on] , and the enduring problem of preparing clinicians to participate in management was tackled .

In practice , management development proposals find it hard to claim managers ' interest in the face of demand for improved patient care , professional training , etc .
in practice , management development proposals find it hard to claim managers ' interest in the face of demand for improved patient care , professional training , [and so on] .

Coaching , learning sets , job rotation and acting up , reading , etc may not cost much in cash , although there is always an opportunity cost and the expenditure of individual effort .
coaching , learning sets , job rotation and acting up , reading , [and so on] may not cost much in cash , although there is always an opportunity cost and the expenditure of individual effort .

The complimentary close ( Yours sincerely , etc ) should always be blocked in a letter with blocked paragraphs .
the complimentary close ( yours sincerely , [and so on] ) should always be blocked in a letter with blocked paragraphs .

To abandon a command tap Esc for Escape ( but not for Help , etc , see page 3 ) .
to abandon a command tap esc for escape ( but not for help , [and so on] , see page 3 ) .

Think about the street , shopping precinct , village etc where you shop regularly .
think about the street , shopping precinct , village [and so on] where you shop regularly .

Overheads ( rent , rates etc ) are usually lower than they would be in a town centre , where sites are expensive
overheads ( rent , rates [and so on] ) are usually lower than they would be in a town centre , where sites are expensive

Prices are low ( because of bulk buying , wide ranges , special offers etc ) , which attracts customers
prices are low ( because of bulk buying , wide ranges , special offers [and so on] ) , which attracts customers

The retailer setting up a franchise outlet must pay for his own premises , stock , overheads etc ; he owns the entire business , but has the advantage of selling a product that is widely-known .
the retailer setting up a franchise outlet must pay for his own premises , stock , overheads [and so on] ; he owns the entire business , but has the advantage of selling a product that is widely-known .

Large department stores such as Debenhams or House of Fraser allow manufacturers to rent space and set up their own outlets — for goods such as cosmetics , clothes , sportswear etc .
large department stores such as debenhams or house of fraser allow manufacturers to rent space and set up their own outlets — for goods such as cosmetics , clothes , sportswear [and so on] .

3 glass-fronted display counters for cheese/ meat etc , each 2m long x 1m deep
3 glass-fronted display counters for cheese/ meat [and so on] , each 2m long x 1m deep

Linear measurement is used to calculate shelf space in free-standing units , gondolas , freezers etc .
linear measurement is used to calculate shelf space in free-standing units , gondolas , freezers [and so on] .

Include the fixtures and furniture ( eg doors , windows , bed etc ) and give the measurements of each .
include the fixtures and furniture ( eg doors , windows , bed [and so on] ) and give the measurements of each .

large stores and single unit shops ( indicate what these are , eg department store , shoe multiple , cafe etc )
large stores and single unit shops ( indicate what these are , eg department store , shoe multiple , cafe [and so on] )

£20 , £10 and £5 notes , cheques , gift vouchers , credit card slips etc are put in the compartments at the back of the drawer .
£20 , £10 and £5 notes , cheques , gift vouchers , credit card slips [and so on] are put in the compartments at the back of the drawer .

If your shop accepts credit cards ( eg Access , Visa etc ) you will have a special form on which to record details of the transaction together with a machine which imprints the details from the card on to the form .
if your shop accepts credit cards ( eg access , visa [and so on] ) you will have a special form on which to record details of the transaction together with a machine which imprints the details from the card on to the form .

To cash up , the assistant adds up all the contents of the till ( including gift vouchers , cheques etc ) and fills out a cashing up slip like the one below .
to cash up , the assistant adds up all the contents of the till ( including gift vouchers , cheques [and so on] ) and fills out a cashing up slip like the one below .

This gives details of the different denominations of money ( £20 , £10 , £5 notes , £1 coins , silver coins and copper ) , cheques , credit cards etc .
this gives details of the different denominations of money ( £20 , £10 , £5 notes , £1 coins , silver coins and copper ) , cheques , credit cards [and so on] .

Generally , this coded message contains information about the item : its stock code number , size , colour etc .
generally , this coded message contains information about the item : its stock code number , size , colour [and so on] .

This means that the retailer always has up-to-date information about the levels of goods in stock , the availability of sizes , etc .
this means that the retailer always has up-to-date information about the levels of goods in stock , the availability of sizes , [and so on] .

Note down the sizes , colours , quantities etc that you require , and any other important information ( eg dates , times , addresses ) .
note down the sizes , colours , quantities [and so on] that you require , and any other important information ( eg dates , times , addresses ) .

Note the range of colours , sizes , styles etc that is available .
note the range of colours , sizes , styles [and so on] that is available .

If the product is electrical or mechanical , find out how it works , where connections fit etc .
if the product is electrical or mechanical , find out how it works , where connections fit [and so on] .

Furniture , sports equipment etc may all be bought because of the ‘ name ’ it carries .
furniture , sports equipment [and so on] may all be bought because of the ‘ name ’ it carries .

Clothing , bedding , curtains etc must be kept dry and free from dust .
clothing , bedding , curtains [and so on] must be kept dry and free from dust .

Biscuits , cereals etc must be protected from mice and other vermin .
biscuits , cereals [and so on] must be protected from mice and other vermin .

When you have finished your survey , draw a series of bar charts to demonstrate your findings ( eg number of customers in each age-range , distance travelled , average spending etc ) .
when you have finished your survey , draw a series of bar charts to demonstrate your findings ( eg number of customers in each age-range , distance travelled , average spending [and so on] ) .

Colour in the shops which sell the same or similar goods ( eg colour all food shops green , all restaurants and take-aways red , etc ) .
colour in the shops which sell the same or similar goods ( eg colour all food shops green , all restaurants and take-aways red , [and so on] ) .

What other shops and stores do local retailers have to compete with ( eg city centre department stores , out-of-town hypermarkets etc ) ?
what other shops and stores do local retailers have to compete with ( eg city centre department stores , out-of-town hypermarkets [and so on] ) ?

Include the following information : your name and address the name and address of the shop the date and time of the opening what you would like your guest to do ( eg cut a ribbon , give a speech etc ) what fee ( if any ) you will pay and details of travel arrangements and expenses .
include the following information : your name and address the name and address of the shop the date and time of the opening what you would like your guest to do ( eg cut a ribbon , give a speech [and so on] ) what fee ( if any ) you will pay and details of travel arrangements and expenses .

Why you chose that music ( eg to create an atmosphere , because the words match the product , etc ) .
why you chose that music ( eg to create an atmosphere , because the words match the product , [and so on] ) .

Publicity ( leaflets , posters etc )
publicity ( leaflets , posters [and so on] )

titled Christmas cards ( eg Mother , Husband , Son , Sister etc )
titled christmas cards ( eg mother , husband , son , sister [and so on] )

to compete with other retailers who stock similar products ( by showing a wider range of goods , lower prices etc )
to compete with other retailers who stock similar products ( by showing a wider range of goods , lower prices [and so on] )

Divide up your areas of spending into general categories ( eg books , sports equipment etc could all go under ‘ leisure ’ ) and list how much you spent on each one .
divide up your areas of spending into general categories ( eg books , sports equipment [and so on] could all go under ‘ leisure ’ ) and list how much you spent on each one .

There are huge logs of mahogany to form panels in the future ; long strips of oak — wood everywhere of all shapes and varieties ; while undercover are stored up thousands of boards for panels , etc .
there are huge logs of mahogany to form panels in the future ; long strips of oak — wood everywhere of all shapes and varieties ; while undercover are stored up thousands of boards for panels , [and so on] .

33 ) , for the saddle tank engines used about the works , with coal stores , etc .
33 ) , for the saddle tank engines used about the works , with coal stores , [and so on] .

Alongside is a fine recreation ground , with cycle and other tracks , bandstand , etc .
alongside is a fine recreation ground , with cycle and other tracks , bandstand , [and so on] .

There are no less than 70 fires , including three crane fires for very heavy work , in daily use , and in addition , 15 oil furnaces are required for the drop hammers , forging presses , etc .
there are no less than 70 fires , including three crane fires for very heavy work , in daily use , and in addition , 15 oil furnaces are required for the drop hammers , forging presses , [and so on] .

One road is set apart for the testing of the heating apparatus , etc .
one road is set apart for the testing of the heating apparatus , [and so on] .

At the end a section is used for general mill-wrights ’ work , with a few machines , lathes , planers , slaughterhouse , drills , etc .
at the end a section is used for general mill-wrights ’ work , with a few machines , lathes , planers , slaughterhouse , drills , [and so on] .

At one end is a tool room , with appliances for making cutters and taps , tool sharpening machines , a cutter hardening furnace , and lathes , etc .
at one end is a tool room , with appliances for making cutters and taps , tool sharpening machines , a cutter hardening furnace , and lathes , [and so on] .

One corner of this shop is partitioned off for brake work , brake testing , metalling of axle-box and other bearings and for dealing with passenger communication apparatus , etc .
one corner of this shop is partitioned off for brake work , brake testing , metalling of axle-box and other bearings and for dealing with passenger communication apparatus , [and so on] .

It is here that the various valves , heaters etc .
it is here that the various valves , heaters [and so on] .

The trains were designed to accommodate patients in the central vehicles , those at either end were for the convenience of the staff , stores , etc .
the trains were designed to accommodate patients in the central vehicles , those at either end were for the convenience of the staff , stores , [and so on] .

The pharmacy car was sub-divided into treatment room , pharmacy , office , linen stores , etc , and was fitted with all necessary requirements , such as cupboards , shelves for drugs , medicines , bandages , and utensils .
the pharmacy car was sub-divided into treatment room , pharmacy , office , linen stores , [and so on] , and was fitted with all necessary requirements , such as cupboards , shelves for drugs , medicines , bandages , and utensils .

In order to assist in the urgent necessity for home-grown food , the Company provided 14,000 allotments for vegetable growing alongside the line , and issued a small guide giving instructions for planting , etc .
in order to assist in the urgent necessity for home-grown food , the company provided 14,000 allotments for vegetable growing alongside the line , and issued a small guide giving instructions for planting , [and so on] .

There were approximately 1,300 articles of equipment apart from bulk quantities of nails etc , carried in each train and all were itemised and listed and wherever possible each article was shadow painted .
there were approximately 1,300 articles of equipment apart from bulk quantities of nails [and so on] , carried in each train and all were itemised and listed and wherever possible each article was shadow painted .

Meanwhile all the knees , brackets , spring shoes , stanchions , door pillars , top and bottom rails and drawgear etc , were either pressed , forged , stamped , or cropped in the Smithy , the leaf springs completed by the spring gang and sent direct to the Underframe Shop .
meanwhile all the knees , brackets , spring shoes , stanchions , door pillars , top and bottom rails and drawgear [and so on] , were either pressed , forged , stamped , or cropped in the smithy , the leaf springs completed by the spring gang and sent direct to the underframe shop .

The Foundries produced all the castings required , ie : the Iron Foundry , the axle-boxes , brake blocks etc ; the Brass Foundry , the bearings .
the foundries produced all the castings required , ie : the iron foundry , the axle-boxes , brake blocks [and so on] ; the brass foundry , the bearings .

An improved patent band re-sawing machine , with combined vertical and horizontal feed , was used for cutting deals , battens , etc , into boards , after which they were passed through a high speed four-cutter moulding and seaming machine .
an improved patent band re-sawing machine , with combined vertical and horizontal feed , was used for cutting deals , battens , [and so on] , into boards , after which they were passed through a high speed four-cutter moulding and seaming machine .

( The previous method was to leave the pieces slightly large , and then to ease them by plane or chisel until they fitted into the mortises , etc . )
( the previous method was to leave the pieces slightly large , and then to ease them by plane or chisel until they fitted into the mortises , [and so on] . )

( d ) electricians install distribution , etc , cables ( previously prepared on the bench ) .
( d ) electricians install distribution , [and so on] , cables ( previously prepared on the bench ) .

( e ) electricians fit lamp fittings , switches etc .
( e ) electricians fit lamp fittings , switches [and so on] .

( d ) light slips , etc .
( d ) light slips , [and so on] .

During the forty minutes travelling through the shop , all repairs were done to draw , buffing , and brake gear , steam and brake pipe work etc .
during the forty minutes travelling through the shop , all repairs were done to draw , buffing , and brake gear , steam and brake pipe work [and so on] .

In the southern bay all the vehicles needing a heavy repair , or vehicles of a larger type ie : six wheel bogies , articulated stock etc , were repaired , but these were placed on stands and completed in a static position .
in the southern bay all the vehicles needing a heavy repair , or vehicles of a larger type ie : six wheel bogies , articulated stock [and so on] , were repaired , but these were placed on stands and completed in a static position .

( 2 ) finishers strip interior ( nets , blinds , trimming , brasswork , etc ) .
( 2 ) finishers strip interior ( nets , blinds , trimming , brasswork , [and so on] ) .

( 2 ) finishers repaired ceilings , panels etc .
( 2 ) finishers repaired ceilings , panels [and so on] .

In the fourth operation — ( 1 ) coachmakers re-fitted gangways and fixed door stops and commode handles , end steps , etc .
in the fourth operation — ( 1 ) coachmakers re-fitted gangways and fixed door stops and commode handles , end steps , [and so on] .

Along the north side wall , beginning at the eastern end and for some 250ft was the machine row , which consisted of cross-cut and band-saws , mortising machines , planers , two spoke machines , wheel lathe , trimming machine , boring machines etc .
along the north side wall , beginning at the eastern end and for some 250ft was the machine row , which consisted of cross-cut and band-saws , mortising machines , planers , two spoke machines , wheel lathe , trimming machine , boring machines [and so on] .

Finally , at the extreme western end , were the fitters ' benches and machines , drills , screwing machine etc .
finally , at the extreme western end , were the fitters ' benches and machines , drills , screwing machine [and so on] .

This gang 's work consisted of the manufacture and repair of all the different types of manually propelled vehicles , ie : platform trucks , various types of barrows , coffin carriers , invalid chairs , trucks for lame pigs , tricycle carriers , hand carts of all types , ambulance litters etc .
this gang 's work consisted of the manufacture and repair of all the different types of manually propelled vehicles , ie : platform trucks , various types of barrows , coffin carriers , invalid chairs , trucks for lame pigs , tricycle carriers , hand carts of all types , ambulance litters [and so on] .

Around three trains per week were accepted by this shop , all carrying horse-drawn vehicles , coming from Goods Depots all over the country : Camden , Broad Street , Curzon Street etc , whereas it was the rule that road motors came and went under their own power delivered and accepted by the drivers from the depots concerned .
around three trains per week were accepted by this shop , all carrying horse-drawn vehicles , coming from goods depots all over the country : camden , broad street , curzon street [and so on] , whereas it was the rule that road motors came and went under their own power delivered and accepted by the drivers from the depots concerned .

Many were the types of trailer bodies manufactured for these motor tugs to haul : special flats , cattle trucks , high and low sided types , open and covered , sliding roofed etc .
many were the types of trailer bodies manufactured for these motor tugs to haul : special flats , cattle trucks , high and low sided types , open and covered , sliding roofed [and so on] .

There was also a mobile canteen , whose function was to supply urns of tea and light snacks , rolls , etc , at snap time , a snap or tea break being allowed by the same wartime act .
there was also a mobile canteen , whose function was to supply urns of tea and light snacks , rolls , [and so on] , at snap time , a snap or tea break being allowed by the same wartime act .

Trinity College boasts many famous playwrights amongst its graduates — Congreve , Farquhar , Goldsmith , Wilde , Beckett — and many more of the great English-language dramatists were Irishmen — Sheridan , Shaw , Boucicault , etc .
trinity college boasts many famous playwrights amongst its graduates — congreve , farquhar , goldsmith , wilde , beckett — and many more of the great english-language dramatists were irishmen — sheridan , shaw , boucicault , [and so on] .

In return for a donation of £30 , 50 etc .
in return for a donation of £30 , 50 [and so on] .

There are two basic criteria : firstly an invention must be based on a wholly new idea or involve an ‘ inventive step ’ ; secondly an invention must be capable of industrial ( including agricultural , etc . )
there are two basic criteria : firstly an invention must be based on a wholly new idea or involve an ‘ inventive step ’ ; secondly an invention must be capable of industrial ( including agricultural , [and so on] . )

Bowling Suppers : Office Parties , youth clubs etc .
bowling suppers : office parties , youth clubs [and so on] .

Make a check list of essential items such as a corkscrew , bottle opener and a sharp knife for cutting bread etc .
make a check list of essential items such as a corkscrew , bottle opener and a sharp knife for cutting bread [and so on] .

Horticultural standards are high throughout the city , with many bedding schemes , floral features , bulb and shrub planting etc .
horticultural standards are high throughout the city , with many bedding schemes , floral features , bulb and shrub planting [and so on] .

In explaining God 's order in relation to authority , headship , etc .
in explaining god 's order in relation to authority , headship , [and so on] .

Crafts on display include ceramics , fly-tying , jewellery making , textile design , etc .
crafts on display include ceramics , fly-tying , jewellery making , textile design , [and so on] .

All specialist equipment ( wetsuits , buoyancy aids etc )
all specialist equipment ( wetsuits , buoyancy aids [and so on] )

day-to-day management ( eg distributing resources , personnel , organising timetables , etc in ways which enable teachers to ‘ deliver curriculum ’ more effectively ) .
day-to-day management ( eg distributing resources , personnel , organising timetables , [and so on] in ways which enable teachers to ‘ deliver curriculum ’ more effectively ) .

The curriculum description , as we have seen , has a compartmentalism ( English , maths , etc ) which in its extension through science , technology and the other foundation subjects , is quite incompatible with the daily experience of the teacher of thirty mixed age children in many small schools .
the curriculum description , as we have seen , has a compartmentalism ( english , maths , [and so on] ) which in its extension through science , technology and the other foundation subjects , is quite incompatible with the daily experience of the teacher of thirty mixed age children in many small schools .

Evaluative , in that comparative aggregated information about pupils ' achievements can be used as an indicator of where there needs to be further effort , resources , changes in the curriculum , etc ;
evaluative , in that comparative aggregated information about pupils ' achievements can be used as an indicator of where there needs to be further effort , resources , changes in the curriculum , [and so on] ;

At every turn he is confronted with the need for 0-levels , A-levels , etc and reflects and wonders ‘ what the levels can be all about ?
at every turn he is confronted with the need for 0-levels , a-levels , [and so on] and reflects and wonders ‘ what the levels can be all about ?

What outcomes are expected ? Written , dramatic , group folders , individual work , etc ?
what outcomes are expected ? written , dramatic , group folders , individual work , [and so on] ?

‘ An institution for the purpose of cultivating this art ( of veterinary medicine ) similar to those which have been established some years in France , Germany , Piedmont , Sweden , Denmark , etc .
‘ an institution for the purpose of cultivating this art ( of veterinary medicine ) similar to those which have been established some years in france , germany , piedmont , sweden , denmark , [and so on] .

To soften his feelings , however , we learned that the Professor from time to time gave him a fee which far exceeded the amount of the toll … just by the Bridge , turnstiles admitted foot-passengers to pass by different paths , intersecting the large extent of open ground , some of this led to Somers Town , Red Lion Street , etc … here and there , especially at the lower portion of the [ College ] ground , walls were standing , some of them being eight or ten feet high .
to soften his feelings , however , we learned that the professor from time to time gave him a fee which far exceeded the amount of the toll … just by the bridge , turnstiles admitted foot-passengers to pass by different paths , intersecting the large extent of open ground , some of this led to somers town , red lion street , [and so on] … here and there , especially at the lower portion of the [ college ] ground , walls were standing , some of them being eight or ten feet high .

In Mr Coleman 's early career , and even until within a very few years , the veterinary art , so far as regards its application to cattle , sheep , swine , dogs , etc .
in mr coleman 's early career , and even until within a very few years , the veterinary art , so far as regards its application to cattle , sheep , swine , dogs , [and so on] .

Alongside tests of observation , students would be required to work at different sections in the kitchen : sauce-making ; larder-work ; vegetable-preparation , etc .
alongside tests of observation , students would be required to work at different sections in the kitchen : sauce-making ; larder-work ; vegetable-preparation , [and so on] .

Information has been put before young people in tight subject departments : maths , history , physics etc — with little attention paid to the relationships between the subjects and the applicability of their content to the outside world .
information has been put before young people in tight subject departments : maths , history , physics [and so on] — with little attention paid to the relationships between the subjects and the applicability of their content to the outside world .

There are many thousands of odours arising from a multitude of sources which can be variously described , by those persons with a sense of smell , as pleasant , unpleasant , feeble , faint , strong , bland , pungent , rancid etc .
there are many thousands of odours arising from a multitude of sources which can be variously described , by those persons with a sense of smell , as pleasant , unpleasant , feeble , faint , strong , bland , pungent , rancid [and so on] .

Metals , glass , brick , paper , plastic , cotton , nylon for example are non-volatile at room temperature and therefore non-odorous , whereas the solvents carbon tetrachloride , trichlorotrifluoroethane , alcohol etc .
metals , glass , brick , paper , plastic , cotton , nylon for example are non-volatile at room temperature and therefore non-odorous , whereas the solvents carbon tetrachloride , trichlorotrifluoroethane , alcohol [and so on] .

Intensity is the magnitude of the perceived sensation and can be categorized as strong , moderate , faint etc .
intensity is the magnitude of the perceived sensation and can be categorized as strong , moderate , faint [and so on] .

The choice of subsection can also be important where odours arise from a works registered under The Alkali , etc .
the choice of subsection can also be important where odours arise from a works registered under the alkali , [and so on] .

There is no restriction on the local authority regarding works registered under the Alkali , etc .
there is no restriction on the local authority regarding works registered under the alkali , [and so on] .

Alternatively , s.22 ( 1 ) of the Alkali , etc .
alternatively , s.22 ( 1 ) of the alkali , [and so on] .

Following the Health and Safety ( Emissions into the Atmosphere ) Regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as Regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 Act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the Health and Safety at Work , etc .
following the health and safety ( emissions into the atmosphere ) regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the health and safety at work , [and so on] .

The Chief Alkali Inspector commenting on the above in his 109th Annual Report on Alkali , etc .
the chief alkali inspector commenting on the above in his 109th annual report on alkali , [and so on] .

Responsibility for controlling odour emissions which affect the public , lies as we have seen , with two main control agencies , the local authority environmental health department and the health and safety executive through their industrial air pollution inspectors , the latter in respect of odours emanating from premises registered under the Alkali , etc .
responsibility for controlling odour emissions which affect the public , lies as we have seen , with two main control agencies , the local authority environmental health department and the health and safety executive through their industrial air pollution inspectors , the latter in respect of odours emanating from premises registered under the alkali , [and so on] .

The first , which will be referred to as strategic planning , includes policies , strategies for development , location of industrial and residential zones , densities , etc .
the first , which will be referred to as strategic planning , includes policies , strategies for development , location of industrial and residential zones , densities , [and so on] .

Policy : ‘ To intensify action to deal with problems created by obsolete and bad neighbour industry … undertaking or encouraging relocation etc .
policy : ‘ to intensify action to deal with problems created by obsolete and bad neighbour industry … undertaking or encouraging relocation [and so on] .

Policy : ‘ Waste Disposal — New sites for controlled land-fill will be determined having regard to : environmental matters such as the proximity to residential properties etc . ’
policy : ‘ waste disposal — new sites for controlled land-fill will be determined having regard to : environmental matters such as the proximity to residential properties [and so on] . ’

So far we have been concerned with odours which affect the public at large , but consideration must also be given to the protection afforded by the law , to employees and other workers who may experience odours in their places of work , whether in a factory , office , shop , or educational establishment , etc .
so far we have been concerned with odours which affect the public at large , but consideration must also be given to the protection afforded by the law , to employees and other workers who may experience odours in their places of work , whether in a factory , office , shop , or educational establishment , [and so on] .

Disadvantages are the high pressure drop which occurs across the catalyst , although modern designs are said to have reduced this , and poisoning of the catalyst due to heavy metals such as lead , arsenic , zinc etc .
disadvantages are the high pressure drop which occurs across the catalyst , although modern designs are said to have reduced this , and poisoning of the catalyst due to heavy metals such as lead , arsenic , zinc [and so on] .

For example , plumber might suggest the set of activities such as getting pipes mended , etc .
for example , plumber might suggest the set of activities such as getting pipes mended , [and so on] .

The proportion of occasions on which a plural reference ( they , them , both , etc . )
the proportion of occasions on which a plural reference ( they , them , both , [and so on] . )

For example , breathe in … out , ‘ one ’ ; in … out , ‘ one ’ etc .
for example , breathe in … out , ‘ one ’ ; in … out , ‘ one ’ [and so on] .

If you calculate the cost of people 's salaries , travelling expenses involved in getting to and from the meeting place etc it can come to a frightening figure per hour 's worth of meeting .
if you calculate the cost of people 's salaries , travelling expenses involved in getting to and from the meeting place [and so on] it can come to a frightening figure per hour 's worth of meeting .

The objective could forecast achievement in the immediate future ( like thirty minutes , one hour , two hours , etc ) , in the short term ( like today , this week , this month ) , in the longer term ( like this quarter , this half year , this year ) or in the distant future ( like two years , three years , four years , five years , a decade , a lifetime ) .
the objective could forecast achievement in the immediate future ( like thirty minutes , one hour , two hours , [and so on] ) , in the short term ( like today , this week , this month ) , in the longer term ( like this quarter , this half year , this year ) or in the distant future ( like two years , three years , four years , five years , a decade , a lifetime ) .

The customer has relaxed sufficiently to volunteer at least a couple of personal details ( about outside interests , family , etc ) .
the customer has relaxed sufficiently to volunteer at least a couple of personal details ( about outside interests , family , [and so on] ) .

Travel a different way to work , visit a part of your organization you are unfamiliar with , read a different newspaper to your normal one , drink tea instead of coffee , volunteer to do/lead a project team , etc .
travel a different way to work , visit a part of your organization you are unfamiliar with , read a different newspaper to your normal one , drink tea instead of coffee , volunteer to do/lead a project team , [and so on] .

etc .
[and so on] .

So when people do not listen to you , do not adopt your suggestion , do not consult you etc , assume that your behaviour was at fault , not theirs .
so when people do not listen to you , do not adopt your suggestion , do not consult you [and so on] , assume that your behaviour was at fault , not theirs .

You overeat , smoke , drink , bite your nails etc .
you overeat , smoke , drink , bite your nails [and so on] .

you have pains in the chest , lumps in your breast , shortage of breath etc .
you have pains in the chest , lumps in your breast , shortage of breath [and so on] .

During his fishing time though it was sheer delight for him , his boys were always ready and willing to go to sea , bother U-boats etc !
during his fishing time though it was sheer delight for him , his boys were always ready and willing to go to sea , bother u-boats [and so on] !

cover for teachers who are magistrates , local councillors , senior officers for teachers ' associations etc ;
cover for teachers who are magistrates , local councillors , senior officers for teachers ' associations [and so on] ;

Including staff in the restrictions , rules , cash limits etc to allow them to consider all possible permutations has had considerable benefits .
including staff in the restrictions , rules , cash limits [and so on] to allow them to consider all possible permutations has had considerable benefits .

Send for details of study weekends ; subjects to include Homeopathy , Alexander technique painting , etc .
send for details of study weekends ; subjects to include homeopathy , alexander technique painting , [and so on] .

Ensuite bedrooms , superb restaurants serving homemade soups , bread , pudding , etc .
ensuite bedrooms , superb restaurants serving homemade soups , bread , pudding , [and so on] .

In order to grow and function effectively , fat is needed by the brain , muscles , heart , hair , skin , immune system , and cell walls , etc .
in order to grow and function effectively , fat is needed by the brain , muscles , heart , hair , skin , immune system , and cell walls , [and so on] .

If pulses ( the bean family ) are combined with nuts and grains , or seeds ( sunflower , pumpkin , sesame , etc . )
if pulses ( the bean family ) are combined with nuts and grains , or seeds ( sunflower , pumpkin , sesame , [and so on] . )

planning/scheduling activities , aircraft system/equipment failure diagnosis , etc .
planning/scheduling activities , aircraft system/equipment failure diagnosis , [and so on] .

analog/digital signals , logical variables and test outcomes , text from verbal reports , inspection images , information from manuals , etc . )
analog/digital signals , logical variables and test outcomes , text from verbal reports , inspection images , information from manuals , [and so on] . )

public knowledge — ‘ publicly ’ available ( i.e. written in manuals , test procedures , etc . ) ;
public knowledge — ‘ publicly ’ available ( i.e. written in manuals , test procedures , [and so on] . ) ;

explain why , justify , etc .
explain why , justify , [and so on] .

Although such developments are primarily intended to introduce operating benefits , ie improved specific fuel consumption or thrust to weight ratio , reduced flightdeck workload etc , their maintenance workload implications are less certain .
although such developments are primarily intended to introduce operating benefits , ie improved specific fuel consumption or thrust to weight ratio , reduced flightdeck workload [and so on] , their maintenance workload implications are less certain .

Close to ‘ state of the art ’ aircraft operation can be achieved economically by modification or retrofit , ie hushkitting , reengine programmes , flight deck upgrades , etc .
close to ‘ state of the art ’ aircraft operation can be achieved economically by modification or retrofit , ie hushkitting , reengine programmes , flight deck upgrades , [and so on] .

Mature aircraft however , suffer specific , age related problems such as corrosion , wiring integrity , increased structural cracking , fuel leaks etc , these require additional maintenance actions .
mature aircraft however , suffer specific , age related problems such as corrosion , wiring integrity , increased structural cracking , fuel leaks [and so on] , these require additional maintenance actions .

However , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition monitoring etc .
however , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition monitoring [and so on] .

‘ Most hunter trials are held in the spring and autumn months and are organised by hunts , riding clubs , riding schools etc .
‘ most hunter trials are held in the spring and autumn months and are organised by hunts , riding clubs , riding schools [and so on] .

While some may be mostly straightforward logs , hedges , rails etc .
while some may be mostly straightforward logs , hedges , rails [and so on] .

, others may include ditches , water , steps , drops etc .
, others may include ditches , water , steps , drops [and so on] .

white heels , face markings etc .
white heels , face markings [and so on] .

Often , owners tend to put this lameness down to bruising etc .
often , owners tend to put this lameness down to bruising [and so on] .

Afterwards , the session 's duties are divided out between the companies , two of them will stay behind to muck out , clean tack etc , while the other two ride over to nearby Bushey Park , where the Horse Rangers have a small schooling area .
afterwards , the session 's duties are divided out between the companies , two of them will stay behind to muck out , clean tack [and so on] , while the other two ride over to nearby bushey park , where the horse rangers have a small schooling area .

The Equine Research Station in Newmarket is currently carrying out research into azoturia ( set-fast , tying-up , etc . )
the equine research station in newmarket is currently carrying out research into azoturia ( set-fast , tying-up , [and so on] . )

Summer ‘ Season of Stars ’ variety shows , concerts , plays , etc .
summer ‘ season of stars ’ variety shows , concerts , plays , [and so on] .

Wednesday sale of antiques , furniture , etc . Abbey Auction Galleries
wednesday sale of antiques , furniture , [and so on] . abbey auction galleries

Our newly extended gift shop stocks a wide range of arts , crafts and superb gifts to suit all tastes and pockets , with special seasonal gifts for Easter , Christmas , etc .
our newly extended gift shop stocks a wide range of arts , crafts and superb gifts to suit all tastes and pockets , with special seasonal gifts for easter , christmas , [and so on] .

Vineyard walkabouts , conducted tours , winery visits , English Wine exhibition , wine tastings plus a summer programme of events ( craft fairs , art exhibitions etc ) .
vineyard walkabouts , conducted tours , winery visits , english wine exhibition , wine tastings plus a summer programme of events ( craft fairs , art exhibitions [and so on] ) .

Repayments and other financial commitments ( loans , credit cards etc ) can suddenly turn your comfortable lifestyle into a tunnel of relentless worry .
repayments and other financial commitments ( loans , credit cards [and so on] ) can suddenly turn your comfortable lifestyle into a tunnel of relentless worry .

The picture can then be outlined using seeds — peppers , coriander , melon , etc .
the picture can then be outlined using seeds — peppers , coriander , melon , [and so on] .

Filling a day is n't difficult in Paris — if expense is a major concern the great cemetery at Père Lachaise , complete with Jim Morrison 's grave and attendant junkies , graffiti etc .
filling a day is n't difficult in paris — if expense is a major concern the great cemetery at père lachaise , complete with jim morrison 's grave and attendant junkies , graffiti [and so on] .

Order your wedding stationery — you will need invitations/service sheets/printed serviettes/place cards etc .
order your wedding stationery — you will need invitations/service sheets/printed serviettes/place cards [and so on] .

Shop for your going-away outfit , lingerie etc .
shop for your going-away outfit , lingerie [and so on] .

Make sure that your guests have details of hotel accommodation etc
make sure that your guests have details of hotel accommodation [and so on]

Buy presents for attendants / best man / bridesmaids etc .
buy presents for attendants / best man / bridesmaids [and so on] .

The marriage must take place in a registered place of worship ( church , synagogue etc . )
the marriage must take place in a registered place of worship ( church , synagogue [and so on] . )

When you and your fiance visit the minister of your church , you will have to fill out a form giving your personal details such as date of birth etc .
when you and your fiance visit the minister of your church , you will have to fill out a form giving your personal details such as date of birth [and so on] .

When applying to the religious authority under which the ceremony is taking place the couple must be accompanied by at least one witness ( preferably a parent ) and have relevant documents ( birth certificates , parents Jewish marriage lines , etc . )
when applying to the religious authority under which the ceremony is taking place the couple must be accompanied by at least one witness ( preferably a parent ) and have relevant documents ( birth certificates , parents jewish marriage lines , [and so on] . )

This assertion is incorrect , for it ignores the interest by many evolutionists with orthogenesis , also known variously as ‘ laws of growth ’ ‘ oriented evolution ’ and ‘ nomogenesis ’ etc .
this assertion is incorrect , for it ignores the interest by many evolutionists with orthogenesis , also known variously as ‘ laws of growth ’ ‘ oriented evolution ’ and ‘ nomogenesis ’ [and so on] .

Those occupational categories where health is likely to be worse — those with lower incomes , unskilled jobs , etc — are hardest hit in a recession .
those occupational categories where health is likely to be worse — those with lower incomes , unskilled jobs , [and so on] — are hardest hit in a recession .

The early experiments involve simple angular measurement of the coordinates of celestial objects for star positions , planetary motions etc .
the early experiments involve simple angular measurement of the coordinates of celestial objects for star positions , planetary motions [and so on] .

First he has enriched our geometric imagination by recognising and systematically exploring a wide range of fractal shapes to augment the familiar ( Euclidean ) circle , triangle , sphere , cube , etc .
first he has enriched our geometric imagination by recognising and systematically exploring a wide range of fractal shapes to augment the familiar ( euclidean ) circle , triangle , sphere , cube , [and so on] .

The reconstruction of ancient earthquakes requires painstaking research into diaries , histories , chronicles , travellers tales etc ; in this book many of the accounts are collected into a synoptic map for the first time .
the reconstruction of ancient earthquakes requires painstaking research into diaries , histories , chronicles , travellers tales [and so on] ; in this book many of the accounts are collected into a synoptic map for the first time .

( Evidently , a study of language through the categories of causality , chance , measurement , statistics , etc could also miss the all important factor of meaning , in a similar way . )
( evidently , a study of language through the categories of causality , chance , measurement , statistics , [and so on] could also miss the all important factor of meaning , in a similar way . )

( This can actually be done because the corner and edge pieces can be removed , leaving the centres attached together , and one can put only corner pieces into corner locations , etc . )
( this can actually be done because the corner and edge pieces can be removed , leaving the centres attached together , and one can put only corner pieces into corner locations , [and so on] . )

And what has brought increased affluence ? The best example is California — the shift of population from the countryside to the cities meant more cars , more houses where orchards used to be , less clean air , fewer clean lakes and rivers , etc .
and what has brought increased affluence ? the best example is california — the shift of population from the countryside to the cities meant more cars , more houses where orchards used to be , less clean air , fewer clean lakes and rivers , [and so on] .

Phenomena such as suggestion , attitude , state of mind etc were promptly given a concrete target on which they could operate .
phenomena such as suggestion , attitude , state of mind [and so on] were promptly given a concrete target on which they could operate .

There followed considerable activity behind the scenes , the Cardinals probably detested the Scheiners etc .
there followed considerable activity behind the scenes , the cardinals probably detested the scheiners [and so on] .

The book published in 1638 , was called Two New Sciences etc .
the book published in 1638 , was called two new sciences [and so on] .

Such tasks as these can only be carried out when the engineer has also derived methods of organising his knowledge on a wide range of subjects such as efficiency , reliability , safety , economics , elegance , marketability etc .
such tasks as these can only be carried out when the engineer has also derived methods of organising his knowledge on a wide range of subjects such as efficiency , reliability , safety , economics , elegance , marketability [and so on] .

Even in the war-fighting role described by Mark Hewish ( Countdown to the cruise , 31 March 1983 , p 878 ) , it is not credible that a 12-yard accuracy is needed to destroy bases , camps , etc with a 10-Hiroshima sized bomb .
even in the war-fighting role described by mark hewish ( countdown to the cruise , 31 march 1983 , p 878 ) , it is not credible that a 12-yard accuracy is needed to destroy bases , camps , [and so on] with a 10-hiroshima sized bomb .

health habits , games , school government and self help in building and decorating etc .
health habits , games , school government and self help in building and decorating [and so on] .

community health , social service , home vegetable plots etc .
community health , social service , home vegetable plots [and so on] .

The right fashionable scarf , belt , necklace , etc .
the right fashionable scarf , belt , necklace , [and so on] .

disablement through arthritis , Parkinson 's disease , etc .
disablement through arthritis , parkinson 's disease , [and so on] .

Ironically enough , the planners and policy makers etc .
ironically enough , the planners and policy makers [and so on] .

putting the incomers somewhere else , helping out the incomers for once , etc . )
putting the incomers somewhere else , helping out the incomers for once , [and so on] . )

General feeling of loss or unspecified community effect : people would miss the school , the school is an asset to the community , it would be sad with no children around , etc .
general feeling of loss or unspecified community effect : people would miss the school , the school is an asset to the community , it would be sad with no children around , [and so on] .

From the upper echelons this seems to be a case for rationalisation but from below it seems that their raison d'être is being removed with the closure of schools , bus services , etc .
from the upper echelons this seems to be a case for rationalisation but from below it seems that their raison d'être is being removed with the closure of schools , bus services , [and so on] .

The Religious Element in Rejoicings , Public Holidays Etc .
the religious element in rejoicings , public holidays [and so on] .

As the time approaches to use published materials , reading schemes or carefully-selected ‘ real ’ books , there may be a preparatory period of sight-vocabulary building , using flash-cards ( word-matching , word-reading , etc . )
as the time approaches to use published materials , reading schemes or carefully-selected ‘ real ’ books , there may be a preparatory period of sight-vocabulary building , using flash-cards ( word-matching , word-reading , [and so on] . )

Finance necessary for producing practice information , photographs , employing extra staff , renting more accommodation , purchasing additional equipment , etc
finance necessary for producing practice information , photographs , employing extra staff , renting more accommodation , purchasing additional equipment , [and so on]

Prepare a proposal which can be sent to the potential new client at the appropriate time , outlining your approach to their work , proposed fee structure , etc .
prepare a proposal which can be sent to the potential new client at the appropriate time , outlining your approach to their work , proposed fee structure , [and so on] .

Shares are essentially a method of raising funds for the company , so that if money is available by other means ( loans from various sources , endowments , etc ) there may be no need to form a share company .
shares are essentially a method of raising funds for the company , so that if money is available by other means ( loans from various sources , endowments , [and so on] ) there may be no need to form a share company .

He then proceeded to elaborate what he meant by this consumption , for example , that cotton is turned into fabric , so new cotton must be grown ; fabric is worn out , so that new fabric must be woven , etc .
he then proceeded to elaborate what he meant by this consumption , for example , that cotton is turned into fabric , so new cotton must be grown ; fabric is worn out , so that new fabric must be woven , [and so on] .

Thus the division of surplus-value into industrial profit , commercial profit , interest , rent , etc .
thus the division of surplus-value into industrial profit , commercial profit , interest , rent , [and so on] .

The essence of Luxemburg 's critique is that for accumulation to proceed there must be a third market , that is , petty commodity production , feudal economy , etc .
the essence of luxemburg 's critique is that for accumulation to proceed there must be a third market , that is , petty commodity production , feudal economy , [and so on] .

Luxemburg suggested that , whilst leaving only one half of the surplus-value to be consumed unproductively , the other half should be accumulated at an increasing rate of organic composition of capital ; that it should rise progressively from 5 : 1 to 6 : 1 to 7 : 1 , etc .
luxemburg suggested that , whilst leaving only one half of the surplus-value to be consumed unproductively , the other half should be accumulated at an increasing rate of organic composition of capital ; that it should rise progressively from 5 : 1 to 6 : 1 to 7 : 1 , [and so on] .

Therefore ‘ the struggle can be , and usually is , accompanied by a tremendous waste of resources and the breaking-up of the physical production base ( partially by dividing up large estates , implements , livestock , etc . )
therefore ‘ the struggle can be , and usually is , accompanied by a tremendous waste of resources and the breaking-up of the physical production base ( partially by dividing up large estates , implements , livestock , [and so on] . )

At the same time , these categories do not enable one to penetrate the ‘ surface of phenomena ’ … to understand the process and development of economic life as a whole … By their very nature these elementary relations , which in ideological terms are represented by the categories of commodity , price , wages , profit , etc .
at the same time , these categories do not enable one to penetrate the ‘ surface of phenomena ’ … to understand the process and development of economic life as a whole … by their very nature these elementary relations , which in ideological terms are represented by the categories of commodity , price , wages , profit , [and so on] .

Nevertheless , with luxury goods we have a definite species of personal consumption : jewellery , large houses , certain kinds of motor car , luxury yachts , etc .
nevertheless , with luxury goods we have a definite species of personal consumption : jewellery , large houses , certain kinds of motor car , luxury yachts , [and so on] .

ICBMs , nuclear submarines , tanks etc .
icbms , nuclear submarines , tanks [and so on] .

The state might impinge upon such a business through taxation , import duties etc .
the state might impinge upon such a business through taxation , import duties [and so on] .

Given this situation , the particular configuration of state , ideology , custom , kinship etc .
given this situation , the particular configuration of state , ideology , custom , kinship [and so on] .

Either one of two things : either the period of primitive accumulation is taken just as ‘ pre-history ’ ; in which case it has a strict time-limit … or we see it as a process of ousting ‘ third persons ’ in general — in which case the concept itself has to be abolished , since in that case it does not express anything special , specific , etc .
either one of two things : either the period of primitive accumulation is taken just as ‘ pre-history ’ ; in which case it has a strict time-limit … or we see it as a process of ousting ‘ third persons ’ in general — in which case the concept itself has to be abolished , since in that case it does not express anything special , specific , [and so on] .

Try to dismiss the entire petty-bourgeois environment , then the problem of value disappears altogether , such forms as that of wages etc .
try to dismiss the entire petty-bourgeois environment , then the problem of value disappears altogether , such forms as that of wages [and so on] .

It means that the proletariat is leading the entire working nation behind it , that it is responsible for the development of the whole of society , that it is becoming a great collective organiser of the entire national economy , that the direction of development is not towards a widening of the gulf between the fundamental class ( the working class and peasantry ) and that things are not moving towards a ‘ third revolution ’ , etc .
it means that the proletariat is leading the entire working nation behind it , that it is responsible for the development of the whole of society , that it is becoming a great collective organiser of the entire national economy , that the direction of development is not towards a widening of the gulf between the fundamental class ( the working class and peasantry ) and that things are not moving towards a ‘ third revolution ’ , [and so on] .

, disproportion between production and consumption , but in the capitalist countries this took the form of over-production , in the Soviet Union of under-production , ‘ disproportion between various branches of production ’ etc .
, disproportion between production and consumption , but in the capitalist countries this took the form of over-production , in the soviet union of under-production , ‘ disproportion between various branches of production ’ [and so on] .

The second type : considerably fewer relics of serfdom , the landowner has to a considerable extent already become a capitalist , the peasants are better off and the peasant market has a greater capacity , etc .
the second type : considerably fewer relics of serfdom , the landowner has to a considerable extent already become a capitalist , the peasants are better off and the peasant market has a greater capacity , [and so on] .

Lastly , there is his first ‘ model ’ of agriculture , with its paupers , ruthless exploitation etc .
lastly , there is his first ‘ model ’ of agriculture , with its paupers , ruthless exploitation [and so on] .

Mention the word ‘ raft ’ and , as per the above dictionary definition , people always o£conjure up visions of crude floating bundles of logs bound together with rope or , if they are canoeists , the vision of large inflatables careering down Canadian whitewater , etc .
mention the word ‘ raft ’ and , as per the above dictionary definition , people always o£conjure up visions of crude floating bundles of logs bound together with rope or , if they are canoeists , the vision of large inflatables careering down canadian whitewater , [and so on] .

Paddle styles also vary , long , short , cranked , etc , and , as single bladed paddle paddles are used , changeover routines are practised to maximize effort and ensure a constant pace .
paddle styles also vary , long , short , cranked , [and so on] , and , as single bladed paddle paddles are used , changeover routines are practised to maximize effort and ensure a constant pace .

Each team has a backup squad who , aside from shouting encouragement , will prepare and maintain the raft and organize the team 's campsite area as well as cooking , massaging aching limbs , etc .
each team has a backup squad who , aside from shouting encouragement , will prepare and maintain the raft and organize the team 's campsite area as well as cooking , massaging aching limbs , [and so on] .

In the course of this training , one teacher would go to a specific location ( sink , outdoors , playroom , etc . )
in the course of this training , one teacher would go to a specific location ( sink , outdoors , playroom , [and so on] . )

In astrology , the two-series of aspects ( 2,4,8 etc ) is connected with the way we relate to the outside world , whereas the three-series ( 3,9 etc ) is more about internal harmony ; this may provide a clue to the meanings underlying the use of number in sacred geometry .
in astrology , the two-series of aspects ( 2,4,8 [and so on] ) is connected with the way we relate to the outside world , whereas the three-series ( 3,9 [and so on] ) is more about internal harmony ; this may provide a clue to the meanings underlying the use of number in sacred geometry .

’ or ‘ How does this compare to Philharmonia/Klemperer , BPO/Karajan etc .
’ or ‘ how does this compare to philharmonia/klemperer , bpo/karajan [and so on] .

Natural gas , oil fumes etc
natural gas , oil fumes [and so on]

Hairdressing salons , dry cleaners , photographic developers and petrol stations are other places of work that may cause ill health Those working in offices may also be suffering from workplace exposure — to photocopier fumes , for example , or to solvents released by erasing liquids ( Tippex etc ) , glue , carbon paper , chipboard and plywood .
hairdressing salons , dry cleaners , photographic developers and petrol stations are other places of work that may cause ill health those working in offices may also be suffering from workplace exposure — to photocopier fumes , for example , or to solvents released by erasing liquids ( tippex [and so on] ) , glue , carbon paper , chipboard and plywood .

An important part of the treatment of candidiasis is to avoid sugary foods , and other refined carbohydrates ( white flour , white bread etc ) which can quickly be broken down into sugar once they reach the gut .
an important part of the treatment of candidiasis is to avoid sugary foods , and other refined carbohydrates ( white flour , white bread [and so on] ) which can quickly be broken down into sugar once they reach the gut .

Yeast extract ( Marmite , Vegemite etc ) .
yeast extract ( marmite , vegemite [and so on] ) .

But you should try to eat as little sugar and refined carbohydrate ( white flour , pasta etc ) as possible .
but you should try to eat as little sugar and refined carbohydrate ( white flour , pasta [and so on] ) as possible .

Thomas Carter came right out and told you that he thought England was the only truly civilized country in the world and that as the most English of English cities , Oxford was its heart and soul , the core of everything that had formed us , the repository of our values and the guarantor of our standards , an expression in stone of our whole Western civilization , a cultural Stonehenge which , etc , etc .
thomas carter came right out and told you that he thought england was the only truly civilized country in the world and that as the most english of english cities , oxford was its heart and soul , the core of everything that had formed us , the repository of our values and the guarantor of our standards , an expression in stone of our whole western civilization , a cultural stonehenge which , [and so on] , [and so on] .

Furthermore , specific surface active groups , van der Waals ' forces , electric field gradients , steric effects etc are bound to modify the approach of an analyte to the surface .
furthermore , specific surface active groups , van der waals ' forces , electric field gradients , steric effects [and so on] are bound to modify the approach of an analyte to the surface .

The section on hardware hazards , instrumentation , reliability of process equipment , maintenance , commissioning , permits to work , training , management of safety etc , covers topics that are not adequately dealt with elsewhere and the author shows that this is where his expertise lies .
the section on hardware hazards , instrumentation , reliability of process equipment , maintenance , commissioning , permits to work , training , management of safety [and so on] , covers topics that are not adequately dealt with elsewhere and the author shows that this is where his expertise lies .

Binary ( ternary etc ) intercalation compounds contain one ( two etc ) chemical species in addition to graphite ; free acids and their anions are taken as one chemical species .
binary ( ternary [and so on] ) intercalation compounds contain one ( two [and so on] ) chemical species in addition to graphite ; free acids and their anions are taken as one chemical species .

Suggestions are presented for the symbols to be used for interlayer spacings , and thicknesses of intercalated layers etc .
suggestions are presented for the symbols to be used for interlayer spacings , and thicknesses of intercalated layers [and so on] .

( Note : The use of the term ‘ manual ’ here does not refer to the use of sign language and/or fingerspelling but to the learning of trades such as carpentry etc . )
( note : the use of the term ‘ manual ’ here does not refer to the use of sign language and/or fingerspelling but to the learning of trades such as carpentry [and so on] . )

They were all 6 of them in fact what might be called tourist towns , like Torquay , Exeter , Bath , Weymouth etc .
they were all 6 of them in fact what might be called tourist towns , like torquay , exeter , bath , weymouth [and so on] .

Every day in many countries , it is routine practice that books , pamphlets , newspapers , etc .
every day in many countries , it is routine practice that books , pamphlets , newspapers , [and so on] .

The function of a library service is to provide so far as resources allow , all books , periodicals , etc .
the function of a library service is to provide so far as resources allow , all books , periodicals , [and so on] .

Eventually it was left to the proprietors of the banned publications — Times Newspapers Ltd , News International plc , etc .
eventually it was left to the proprietors of the banned publications — times newspapers ltd , news international plc , [and so on] .

In other words the incident is exploited for personal , political , etc .
in other words the incident is exploited for personal , political , [and so on] .

That does not mean that the law should change with every passing fancy — crimes such as theft , fraud , murder , etc .
that does not mean that the law should change with every passing fancy — crimes such as theft , fraud , murder , [and so on] .

Firstly , who is to say that other subjects — like witchcraft , feminism , radical politics , etc .
firstly , who is to say that other subjects — like witchcraft , feminism , radical politics , [and so on] .

are devoted to agriculture ( including small farm woodlands , agricultural buildings , etc . )
are devoted to agriculture ( including small farm woodlands , agricultural buildings , [and so on] . )

Accounting disclosures and stock market prices ; Investment appraisal ( theory and practice ) ; Financial statement analysis ( explanation and prediction of financial distress , merger targets , etc ) .
accounting disclosures and stock market prices ; investment appraisal ( theory and practice ) ; financial statement analysis ( explanation and prediction of financial distress , merger targets , [and so on] ) .

Pharmaceutical , Environmental and Bioanalysis : The determination of inorganic and organic species such as drugs , pollutants and naturally occurring molecules in complex matrices such as drug formulations , water , soils , body fluids , etc .
pharmaceutical , environmental and bioanalysis : the determination of inorganic and organic species such as drugs , pollutants and naturally occurring molecules in complex matrices such as drug formulations , water , soils , body fluids , [and so on] .

The use of reading lists , tapes , slides , video-recordings etc .
the use of reading lists , tapes , slides , video-recordings [and so on] .

Worksheet , reading list , audiovisual aids etc .
worksheet , reading list , audiovisual aids [and so on] .

Learning through the use of words , e.g. speech , writing , formulae , used singly or in combination for discussion , presentation of seminars , projects , essays etc . The general value of teaching aids is :
learning through the use of words , e.g. speech , writing , formulae , used singly or in combination for discussion , presentation of seminars , projects , essays [and so on] . the general value of teaching aids is :

Exhibitions , visits etc .
exhibitions , visits [and so on] .

Will you require one large room for the entire week , with subsidiary rooms for practical classes , formal lectures etc .
will you require one large room for the entire week , with subsidiary rooms for practical classes , formal lectures [and so on] .

an ox heart , lambs ' kidneys etc .
an ox heart , lambs ' kidneys [and so on] .

Instructions on how to dissect the organ must be given and guidance as to the parts the learner is to identify , draw , describe etc .
instructions on how to dissect the organ must be given and guidance as to the parts the learner is to identify , draw , describe [and so on] .

Diagrams , graphs , etc .
diagrams , graphs , [and so on] .

Does the hand-out need revising in the light of new reports etc ?
does the hand-out need revising in the light of new reports [and so on] ?

, and here they were back on the old tarmac , cheating death again , etc .
, and here they were back on the old tarmac , cheating death again , [and so on] .

This brought forth the usual gales of laughter and requests to pull the other one , stop having them on , etc .
this brought forth the usual gales of laughter and requests to pull the other one , stop having them on , [and so on] .

30 Views of Mountains , Rivers , Waterfalls , etc 5 guineas ’
30 views of mountains , rivers , waterfalls , [and so on] 5 guineas ’

In Manchester in 1779 ‘ he acquaints the gentlemen of the town etc .
in manchester in 1779 ‘ he acquaints the gentlemen of the town [and so on] .

that he practises the art of Land Surveying , as measuring and planning estates , setting out land for building on , dividing of ground , levelling etc .
that he practises the art of land surveying , as measuring and planning estates , setting out land for building on , dividing of ground , levelling [and so on] .

Yates , of Liverpool , and therefore at leisure to pursue his own employment of measuring and planning estates … His terms of land survey and planning are : Estate measuring and mapping 1/ per square acre , measuring land for the content only , six pence per statute acre ; for finishing any old plan of estate in the new method , six pence per statute acre , and six pence for every mile the estate lies distant from Manchester ( as it is necessary to inspect every field , as plowed , pasture , and meadow are differently distinguished , as likewise the fences , whether hedges , walls , cops , dykes , or pales , as likewise hilly ground , etc .
yates , of liverpool , and therefore at leisure to pursue his own employment of measuring and planning estates … his terms of land survey and planning are : estate measuring and mapping 1/ per square acre , measuring land for the content only , six pence per statute acre ; for finishing any old plan of estate in the new method , six pence per statute acre , and six pence for every mile the estate lies distant from manchester ( as it is necessary to inspect every field , as plowed , pasture , and meadow are differently distinguished , as likewise the fences , whether hedges , walls , cops , dykes , or pales , as likewise hilly ground , [and so on] .

; levelling , dividing , etc .
; levelling , dividing , [and so on] .

In 1783 ‘ returning thanks to those gentlemen who have been pleased to employ him with surveying , drawing etc .
in 1783 ‘ returning thanks to those gentlemen who have been pleased to employ him with surveying , drawing [and so on] .

It is proposed in this plan to lay down all the streets , squares , spaces , courts , lanes , yards , passages , fields , gardens , etc .
it is proposed in this plan to lay down all the streets , squares , spaces , courts , lanes , yards , passages , fields , gardens , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

Green was all for restoring Lord 's Island which seemed to have had a strange fascination for him , as it has for the present writer who has also , found for herself , the vestiges of the pier , the house , the shooting butts , etc .
green was all for restoring lord 's island which seemed to have had a strange fascination for him , as it has for the present writer who has also , found for herself , the vestiges of the pier , the house , the shooting butts , [and so on] .

Calcium ( for bones and teeth , particularly important for women after the menopause as a prevention against osteoporosis ) : milk , yoghurt , cheeses , cream , calcium fortified bread ( that is , all breads except 100 per cent wholemeal ) , canned or soused fish with bones , green leafy vegetables ( watercress , kale , spring greens , etc ) .
calcium ( for bones and teeth , particularly important for women after the menopause as a prevention against osteoporosis ) : milk , yoghurt , cheeses , cream , calcium fortified bread ( that is , all breads except 100 per cent wholemeal ) , canned or soused fish with bones , green leafy vegetables ( watercress , kale , spring greens , [and so on] ) .

handy reference tools such as check lists of commands etc
handy reference tools such as check lists of commands [and so on]

Certain parts of this information can be collected by means of tests , for example in medical diagnosis , blood-pressure measurements , heart rate etc , but other information has to be collected by observation and by means of case histories .
certain parts of this information can be collected by means of tests , for example in medical diagnosis , blood-pressure measurements , heart rate [and so on] , but other information has to be collected by observation and by means of case histories .

In addition to the methods mentioned above , which were used specifically to evaluate the undergraduate information retrieval course , an attempt was made to carry out a long-term study on the use of the library with regard to reasons for use , materials used , success in carrying out literature searches etc .
in addition to the methods mentioned above , which were used specifically to evaluate the undergraduate information retrieval course , an attempt was made to carry out a long-term study on the use of the library with regard to reasons for use , materials used , success in carrying out literature searches [and so on] .

Thus , although a school library may be able to give instruction in the technique of using the library , eg use of catalogues , classification schemes etc , the experience of the exploitation of a wide range of stock is limited , and the public library has a role in extending this experience .
thus , although a school library may be able to give instruction in the technique of using the library , eg use of catalogues , classification schemes [and so on] , the experience of the exploitation of a wide range of stock is limited , and the public library has a role in extending this experience .

By definition most of this activity takes place outside the library , and in common with other promotional work beyond the libraries field a full range of media ( radio , television and newspapers ) and material ( posters , leaflets , badges , T-shirts , plastic carrier bags etc ) is used .
by definition most of this activity takes place outside the library , and in common with other promotional work beyond the libraries field a full range of media ( radio , television and newspapers ) and material ( posters , leaflets , badges , t-shirts , plastic carrier bags [and so on] ) is used .

Whereas a single library might successfully mount a campaign using posters , leaflets etc , few if any will have the resources to use television or even commercial radio .
whereas a single library might successfully mount a campaign using posters , leaflets [and so on] , few if any will have the resources to use television or even commercial radio .

Too often children have been brought to the library for library tours and library lessons , where the main content has been learning to use the catalogue , the classification etc — in short the organization of the library .
too often children have been brought to the library for library tours and library lessons , where the main content has been learning to use the catalogue , the classification [and so on] — in short the organization of the library .

Research into information skills ( etc )
research into information skills ( [and so on] )

The bulk of this comprises teaching materials and library-produced guides ; but books , research reports , journal articles etc on all aspects of user education are also collected .
the bulk of this comprises teaching materials and library-produced guides ; but books , research reports , journal articles [and so on] on all aspects of user education are also collected .

The range of material in the databases is wide — all sorts of teaching materials , including library-produced guides , course outlines , exercises , commercially produced material etc , plus research proposals , reports , journal articles , books etc .
the range of material in the databases is wide — all sorts of teaching materials , including library-produced guides , course outlines , exercises , commercially produced material [and so on] , plus research proposals , reports , journal articles , books [and so on] .

The second is that it is unwise to give detailed advice unless one has full knowledge of local factors , problems , users etc .
the second is that it is unwise to give detailed advice unless one has full knowledge of local factors , problems , users [and so on] .

The ability to visit libraries and information services , to sit in on programmes etc permits a sound basis for a valid advisory and consultancy role .
the ability to visit libraries and information services , to sit in on programmes [and so on] permits a sound basis for a valid advisory and consultancy role .

This problem of balance can be alleviated if students are left to make their own choice of what to take from orientation , by giving them access to self-instructional media like self-guided tours , self-instructional tape-slides and audio-tapes etc .
this problem of balance can be alleviated if students are left to make their own choice of what to take from orientation , by giving them access to self-instructional media like self-guided tours , self-instructional tape-slides and audio-tapes [and so on] .

While course outlines , statements of course objectives etc are commonly prepared by college libraries , they are rarely documented in university and polytechnic libraries .
while course outlines , statements of course objectives [and so on] are commonly prepared by college libraries , they are rarely documented in university and polytechnic libraries .

In a study by Mayes into various measures of testing the readability of guides , he found that guides were jargon-filled , unappealing etc and suggested many ways in which they could be made more readable .
in a study by mayes into various measures of testing the readability of guides , he found that guides were jargon-filled , unappealing [and so on] and suggested many ways in which they could be made more readable .

Illuminative evaluation , in particular , emerged from these projects as a strategy which could include a number of different evaluation methods ( tests , questionnaires , interviews etc ) .
illuminative evaluation , in particular , emerged from these projects as a strategy which could include a number of different evaluation methods ( tests , questionnaires , interviews [and so on] ) .

Three levels were in fact aimed at the professional level , the technician level , and the support ( ie accountants , lawyers , secretaries etc ) .
three levels were in fact aimed at the professional level , the technician level , and the support ( ie accountants , lawyers , secretaries [and so on] ) .

.. ( Burst of national anthem with them very bored , cracking gum etc .
.. ( burst of national anthem with them very bored , cracking gum [and so on] .

Where the facilities are — toilets , bathrooms , buzzer , fire escape , dining room , leisure areas , the bar , etc .
where the facilities are — toilets , bathrooms , buzzer , fire escape , dining room , leisure areas , the bar , [and so on] .

When you help a disabled person to dress , always start by putting the garment — trouser leg , sleeve , etc — on the leg or arm with the most disability .
when you help a disabled person to dress , always start by putting the garment — trouser leg , sleeve , [and so on] — on the leg or arm with the most disability .

Note any lumps on the resident 's body , rashes , marks , etc ; discuss them with the person and report them to senior staff .
note any lumps on the resident 's body , rashes , marks , [and so on] ; discuss them with the person and report them to senior staff .

Clean the bottom of the pan carefully as well as the seat , floor , etc with toilet paper or paper towels .
clean the bottom of the pan carefully as well as the seat , floor , [and so on] with toilet paper or paper towels .

You should make a report giving details such as time and place of death , witnesses , any falls or injuries , etc .
you should make a report giving details such as time and place of death , witnesses , any falls or injuries , [and so on] .

Relatives may ask to take valuables , cash , cheque book , etc away with them .
relatives may ask to take valuables , cash , cheque book , [and so on] away with them .

Doing activities with them , such as sitting down and playing cards with them , playing music with some , music that they would enjoy — old time , etc .
doing activities with them , such as sitting down and playing cards with them , playing music with some , music that they would enjoy — old time , [and so on] .

There are handicrafts like weaving , tapestry , basket-making , etc , which some of the residents may enjoy doing .
there are handicrafts like weaving , tapestry , basket-making , [and so on] , which some of the residents may enjoy doing .

Physiotherapy is important so that hands , arms , legs , etc are kept mobile .
physiotherapy is important so that hands , arms , legs , [and so on] are kept mobile .

We had a choir visiting another Home which we arranged , with food and a little buffet , a nice singsong , etc .
we had a choir visiting another home which we arranged , with food and a little buffet , a nice singsong , [and so on] .

In a non-monetary economy , wealth is measured in terms of a person 's tangible possessions — cattle , camels , grain , jewellery , etc .
in a non-monetary economy , wealth is measured in terms of a person 's tangible possessions — cattle , camels , grain , jewellery , [and so on] .

goods and services must be available in the future — wars and national crises result in a flight from money into non-perishable foodstuffs , cigarettes , fuel , etc .
goods and services must be available in the future — wars and national crises result in a flight from money into non-perishable foodstuffs , cigarettes , fuel , [and so on] .

When a payment is required to be made to a third party ( trader , government , etc . )
when a payment is required to be made to a third party ( trader , government , [and so on] . )

property deeds , bonds , stocks , etc .
property deeds , bonds , stocks , [and so on] .

Banks handle international settlements , letters of credit and economic intelligence reports , etc .
banks handle international settlements , letters of credit and economic intelligence reports , [and so on] .

This financial surplus will be in the form of increased holdings of bank notes , bank deposits and shares , etc .
this financial surplus will be in the form of increased holdings of bank notes , bank deposits and shares , [and so on] .

The alternative is the ownership of physical assets — land , houses , cars , etc .
the alternative is the ownership of physical assets — land , houses , cars , [and so on] .

To a large extent it is dependent upon the quantity and quality of a country 's factors of production — land ( soil , climatic conditions , mineral wealth ) , labour ( workforce size , skills and health ) , capital ( plant and machinery , buildings , railways , etc . )
to a large extent it is dependent upon the quantity and quality of a country 's factors of production — land ( soil , climatic conditions , mineral wealth ) , labour ( workforce size , skills and health ) , capital ( plant and machinery , buildings , railways , [and so on] . )

Rising tax revenues should provide more resources for health care , education , etc .
rising tax revenues should provide more resources for health care , education , [and so on] .

In most LDCs there is a lack of capital ( plant/machinery , etc ) per head of the population .
in most ldcs there is a lack of capital ( plant/machinery , [and so on] ) per head of the population .

Some countries lack a suitable economic infrastructure — roads , railways , docks , etc — and as a consequence are unable to exploit their natural resources .
some countries lack a suitable economic infrastructure — roads , railways , docks , [and so on] — and as a consequence are unable to exploit their natural resources .

Bills are either sight or term ( thirty days , etc . )
bills are either sight or term ( thirty days , [and so on] . )

Exchange rates of the world 's main currencies fluctuate in an unpredictable fashion as new information on inflation and interest rates , etc .
exchange rates of the world 's main currencies fluctuate in an unpredictable fashion as new information on inflation and interest rates , [and so on] .

To participate in the euro-currency markets and international bond issues , most large banks have established branches , etc .
to participate in the euro-currency markets and international bond issues , most large banks have established branches , [and so on] .

, in London , New York , Luxembourg , etc .
, in london , new york , luxembourg , [and so on] .

Concentration on a corporation 's asset values ( land , buildings , etc . )
concentration on a corporation 's asset values ( land , buildings , [and so on] . )

Imports of luxury goods ( TVs , cars , etc . )
imports of luxury goods ( tvs , cars , [and so on] . )

Some bank loans will be used in specific projects — road construction , water supply , docks , etc .
some bank loans will be used in specific projects — road construction , water supply , docks , [and so on] .

It is an extremely versatile commodity in that it provides petrol , fuel oil , chemicals and synthetic fibres , etc .
it is an extremely versatile commodity in that it provides petrol , fuel oil , chemicals and synthetic fibres , [and so on] .

Most loans for financing international trade and investment , etc .
most loans for financing international trade and investment , [and so on] .

Deposits come from a variety of sources — governments ; state or private corporations ; institutional investment funds ; borrowings re-deposited in the market ; central bank foreign exchange reserves , etc .
deposits come from a variety of sources — governments ; state or private corporations ; institutional investment funds ; borrowings re-deposited in the market ; central bank foreign exchange reserves , [and so on] .

The remaining two use many sources and one undertakes its own detailed analyses which are done regularly not only for the planning process but for general economic surveys of geographical areas , industries etc .
the remaining two use many sources and one undertakes its own detailed analyses which are done regularly not only for the planning process but for general economic surveys of geographical areas , industries [and so on] .

The need for these projects mainly arises for two reasons : first , from the recommendations made in the course of preparing , analysing and approving corporate plans ; secondly , from concern by senior management about particular issues , industries , markets , company practices etc .
the need for these projects mainly arises for two reasons : first , from the recommendations made in the course of preparing , analysing and approving corporate plans ; secondly , from concern by senior management about particular issues , industries , markets , company practices [and so on] .

Commercial information ( competitive , market , product etc . )
commercial information ( competitive , market , product [and so on] . )

Trade unions , trade associations , professional associations etc .
trade unions , trade associations , professional associations [and so on] .

media events : press conferences , briefings , interviews etc .
media events : press conferences , briefings , interviews [and so on] .

etc. etc .
etc. [and so on] .

Some of the foregoing have survived to the present day — Pyneford ( Pineford ) , Langlay ( Langley ) , North , le Bret ( Bret and Brett ) , whose meanings are obvious , Piket ( Picot , Pykett , Piggott , etc .
some of the foregoing have survived to the present day — pyneford ( pineford ) , langlay ( langley ) , north , le bret ( bret and brett ) , whose meanings are obvious , piket ( picot , pykett , piggott , [and so on] .

, from the Old French personal name Pic ) , Bekeford ( Beckford , from the Middle English bekke = brook , and ford ) , de Reyney ( Rainey , etc .
, from the old french personal name pic ) , bekeford ( beckford , from the middle english bekke = brook , and ford ) , de reyney ( rainey , [and so on] .

The following may , perhaps , be typical : the parish or town council ; the parochial church council ; the Royal British Legion ; the working men 's club ( or mechanic 's institute ) ; the friendly society ( Buffaloes , Oddfellows , Lions , Round Table , etc . )
the following may , perhaps , be typical : the parish or town council ; the parochial church council ; the royal british legion ; the working men 's club ( or mechanic 's institute ) ; the friendly society ( buffaloes , oddfellows , lions , round table , [and so on] . )

In many parishes the parish magazine has been in being for a number of years and is a great repository of local information — which event was held by which organisation in which year , who won prizes at the horticultural show , etc .
in many parishes the parish magazine has been in being for a number of years and is a great repository of local information — which event was held by which organisation in which year , who won prizes at the horticultural show , [and so on] .

, etc .
, [and so on] .

This Indenture made ye twenty fourth day of February and in ye Eleventh year of ye Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne of England Scotland France and Ireland Queen Defender of ye Faith etc .
this indenture made ye twenty fourth day of february and in ye eleventh year of ye reign of our sovereign lady anne of england scotland france and ireland queen defender of ye faith [and so on] .

The book comprises an alphabetical dictionary ‘ in which the arms are systematically divided throughout … so that the names of families whose shields are found on buildings , monuments , seals , paintings , plate , etc .
the book comprises an alphabetical dictionary ‘ in which the arms are systematically divided throughout … so that the names of families whose shields are found on buildings , monuments , seals , paintings , plate , [and so on] .

Excavation in a town centre or new rural development unearths traces of Bronze Age habitations , Roman foundations , sections of medieval walls , etc .
excavation in a town centre or new rural development unearths traces of bronze age habitations , roman foundations , sections of medieval walls , [and so on] .

The historical writer Gervase ( a monk of Canterbury and contemporary of Becket ) , although sometimes using the Annunciation discipline which at that time was in more general use , preferred for the bulk of his work , Chronica , Gesta Regum , etc .
the historical writer gervase ( a monk of canterbury and contemporary of becket ) , although sometimes using the annunciation discipline which at that time was in more general use , preferred for the bulk of his work , chronica , gesta regum , [and so on] .

The Ordnance Survey maps of the Iron Age , Roman and other historical periods , are necessary references , and the specialist atlases — Anglo-Saxon England , Historical Atlas of Britain , etc .
the ordnance survey maps of the iron age , roman and other historical periods , are necessary references , and the specialist atlases — anglo-saxon england , historical atlas of britain , [and so on] .

enrolment rates for primary education are decreasing further from the already low level of 47 per cent in 1986/7 as parents keep their children out of school for lack of money to pay for school books , etc ; and
enrolment rates for primary education are decreasing further from the already low level of 47 per cent in 1986/7 as parents keep their children out of school for lack of money to pay for school books , [and so on] ; and

The education delegate , for example , can not promote an adult education programme similar to a late 1970s programme that included subjects such as the political and social history of Guatemala ; Indian movements , leadership training ; human rights , legal rights ; agrarian structure , etc .
the education delegate , for example , can not promote an adult education programme similar to a late 1970s programme that included subjects such as the political and social history of guatemala ; indian movements , leadership training ; human rights , legal rights ; agrarian structure , [and so on] .

You will also be required to see to the boiling of water for tea when a tea-meeting is held and the washing up of the delf , etc , afterwards .
you will also be required to see to the boiling of water for tea when a tea-meeting is held and the washing up of the delf , [and so on] , afterwards .

‘ Have yourself a happy , merry dooby doo beebop tingaling little old Santa sleighbell in the snow dong along teetum yayaya fun among the mistletoe bloop a doop yeh yeh etc , etc .
‘ have yourself a happy , merry dooby doo beebop tingaling little old santa sleighbell in the snow dong along teetum yayaya fun among the mistletoe bloop a doop yeh yeh [and so on] , [and so on] .

Star of Bethlehem : For all the effect of serious news , or fright following an accident etc .
star of bethlehem : for all the effect of serious news , or fright following an accident [and so on] .

Staying up late , choice of meal , extra pocket money , extra long story from parent , outing with parent ( football match , cinema , etc . )
staying up late , choice of meal , extra pocket money , extra long story from parent , outing with parent ( football match , cinema , [and so on] . )

quarrelling , fighting incessantly with their brothers and/or sisters , teasing , etc .
quarrelling , fighting incessantly with their brothers and/or sisters , teasing , [and so on] .

30% Problems of social relationship ( e.g. being denied attention , incomprehension of child 's desires , etc . )
30% problems of social relationship ( e.g. being denied attention , incomprehension of child 's desires , [and so on] . )

20% Conflicts over routine physical habits ( e.g. going to bed or the toilet , etc . )
20% conflicts over routine physical habits ( e.g. going to bed or the toilet , [and so on] . )

20% Conflicts with authority ( response to punishment , prohibitions , etc . )
20% conflicts with authority ( response to punishment , prohibitions , [and so on] . )

The government remains committed to Green Belt protection , conservation of agricultural land etc .
the government remains committed to green belt protection , conservation of agricultural land [and so on] .

Covers the changes introduced by the Town and Country Planning General Development ( Amendment ) ( No 2 ) Order 1985 and the Town and Country Planning ( National Parks … etc ) Special Development ( Amendment ) Order 1986 .
covers the changes introduced by the town and country planning general development ( amendment ) ( no 2 ) order 1985 and the town and country planning ( national parks … [and so on] ) special development ( amendment ) order 1986 .

Suspended sediment load data , however , provide only a crude measure of overall erosion and do not reveal the proportions of that load which are due to agriculture , logging , urban development , etc .
suspended sediment load data , however , provide only a crude measure of overall erosion and do not reveal the proportions of that load which are due to agriculture , logging , urban development , [and so on] .

Of the various land-uses in the region , soil erosion is most severe at intermediate altitudes where barley , corn , tubers , etc .
of the various land-uses in the region , soil erosion is most severe at intermediate altitudes where barley , corn , tubers , [and so on] .

At the very least , the growth of tourism has affected the environment by prompting the construction of hotel and resort complexes , nature trails and safari parks etc .
at the very least , the growth of tourism has affected the environment by prompting the construction of hotel and resort complexes , nature trails and safari parks [and so on] .

Reference has already been made to the intercropping of trees with cereals , legumes , etc .
reference has already been made to the intercropping of trees with cereals , legumes , [and so on] .

Mosimann suggests that some of these problems could be overcome if particularly sensitive areas are avoided , especially those above 2000 m above sea-level , and if the topsoil is restored after levelling , etc .
mosimann suggests that some of these problems could be overcome if particularly sensitive areas are avoided , especially those above 2000 m above sea-level , and if the topsoil is restored after levelling , [and so on] .

For many terrestrial purposes , however , a substantial inference process must take place to convert the radiometric measurements into useful information ( in contrast , more direct measurements of sea state , etc .
for many terrestrial purposes , however , a substantial inference process must take place to convert the radiometric measurements into useful information ( in contrast , more direct measurements of sea state , [and so on] .

If you need to use chemicals to kill a really troublesome pest , choose one which kills only that pest and does not harm bees etc .
if you need to use chemicals to kill a really troublesome pest , choose one which kills only that pest and does not harm bees [and so on] .

Therefore drugs that are ‘ anti ’ are found , such as antibiotics , anti-depressants , anti-inflammatory and anti-pain drugs etc .
therefore drugs that are ‘ anti ’ are found , such as antibiotics , anti-depressants , anti-inflammatory and anti-pain drugs [and so on] .

It operates through the agencies of the different control systems such as the autonomic nervous system , hormonal system , immune system etc .
it operates through the agencies of the different control systems such as the autonomic nervous system , hormonal system , immune system [and so on] .

So often we hear about a Homoeopathic remedy for colds or flu or arthritis etc .
so often we hear about a homoeopathic remedy for colds or flu or arthritis [and so on] .

You may like to keep a family or personal health record to note all relevant health matters — patterns of health , details of specific illnesses , their treatment and outcome , accidents , vaccinations and their effect etc .
you may like to keep a family or personal health record to note all relevant health matters — patterns of health , details of specific illnesses , their treatment and outcome , accidents , vaccinations and their effect [and so on] .

Causes might range from becoming wet or chilled , a change in the weather , overexertion , dietary indiscretions etc .
causes might range from becoming wet or chilled , a change in the weather , overexertion , dietary indiscretions [and so on] .

Mental symptoms relate to the mood , behaviour , speech pattern etc .
mental symptoms relate to the mood , behaviour , speech pattern [and so on] .

Make sure that you have all the details of each symptom : any cause , the speed of onset , the site , the sensations , the modalities etc .
make sure that you have all the details of each symptom : any cause , the speed of onset , the site , the sensations , the modalities [and so on] .

No aromatic oils , vapour rubs , smelly nasal decongestants like menthol or eucalyptus etc .
no aromatic oils , vapour rubs , smelly nasal decongestants like menthol or eucalyptus [and so on] .

If the level of consciousness is affected — drowsiness , confusion , etc .
if the level of consciousness is affected — drowsiness , confusion , [and so on] .

It is best to avoid or limit the intake of acid or acid producing foods and drinks such as those containing refined sugars , tea , coffee , alcohol , citrus fruits and juices etc , ( although home-made lemon barley water is a useful traditional remedy . )
it is best to avoid or limit the intake of acid or acid producing foods and drinks such as those containing refined sugars , tea , coffee , alcohol , citrus fruits and juices [and so on] , ( although home-made lemon barley water is a useful traditional remedy . )

If the mother or anyone else connected with the birthing process shows any signs of lack of trust , anxiety , fear , pain , etc .
if the mother or anyone else connected with the birthing process shows any signs of lack of trust , anxiety , fear , pain , [and so on] .

With severe headache , red flushed face , very hot skin , drowsy and unable to sleep , twitchings and startings etc .
with severe headache , red flushed face , very hot skin , drowsy and unable to sleep , twitchings and startings [and so on] .

Often found to be needed in vigorous , robust , healthy , rugged people and in children : they come down suddenly with a violent illness , a raging fever etc .
often found to be needed in vigorous , robust , healthy , rugged people and in children : they come down suddenly with a violent illness , a raging fever [and so on] .

Worse ( < ) heat or warm room is very marked , this affects both the local conditions , like pains and inflammations , and also the patient himself ; better ( > ) cold in any form , air , applications etc .
worse ( < ) heat or warm room is very marked , this affects both the local conditions , like pains and inflammations , and also the patient himself ; better ( > ) cold in any form , air , applications [and so on] .

All other burning pains elsewhere are better ( > ) heat , for example in the throat , stomach , lungs , bladder , eyes etc .
all other burning pains elsewhere are better ( > ) heat , for example in the throat , stomach , lungs , bladder , eyes [and so on] .

Redness — bright , shiny red skin especially of face , mucous membranes etc .
redness — bright , shiny red skin especially of face , mucous membranes [and so on] .

In fever they become delirious , see horrible faces , animals , etc .
in fever they become delirious , see horrible faces , animals , [and so on] .

In themselves and their congestive complaints they are worse ( < ) heat and better ( > ) cold ( like Apis , Pulsatilla etc . )
in themselves and their congestive complaints they are worse ( < ) heat and better ( > ) cold ( like apis , pulsatilla [and so on] . )

Disordered digestion with the sensation of a stone or weight in the stomach ( like Nux vomica , Pulsatilla etc ) .
disordered digestion with the sensation of a stone or weight in the stomach ( like nux vomica , pulsatilla [and so on] ) .

Sourness ; sour vomiting , diarrhoea , smell of the body , breath etc .
sourness ; sour vomiting , diarrhoea , smell of the body , breath [and so on] .

There is an insidious onset of complaints , several days after exposure or shock etc .
there is an insidious onset of complaints , several days after exposure or shock [and so on] .

High fever in the afternoons may progress to a continued fever with little thirst and marked head complaints , a dazed mind etc .
high fever in the afternoons may progress to a continued fever with little thirst and marked head complaints , a dazed mind [and so on] .

Relief often comes with a discharge such as the menses or a nasal discharge etc .
relief often comes with a discharge such as the menses or a nasal discharge [and so on] .

Offensive odours , of breath , sweat , discharges , stools , etc .
offensive odours , of breath , sweat , discharges , stools , [and so on] .

Offensive odours , of breath , sweat , discharges , stools etc .
offensive odours , of breath , sweat , discharges , stools [and so on] .

Sensitive to external stimuli ; odours , touch , noise , cold etc
sensitive to external stimuli ; odours , touch , noise , cold [and so on]

May be very sensitive to all external stimuli ; odours , touch noise , cold etc .
may be very sensitive to all external stimuli ; odours , touch noise , cold [and so on] .

Better ( > ) slow gentle motion ; this soothes them both generally and their specific complaints — pains , headaches etc .
better ( > ) slow gentle motion ; this soothes them both generally and their specific complaints — pains , headaches [and so on] .

One sided complaints ; fever , headache , sweat , chill etc .
one sided complaints ; fever , headache , sweat , chill [and so on] .

Headaches are often one sided beginning in the occiput and extending forward and settling over the left eye ( right is Sanguinaria , Silica etc . )
headaches are often one sided beginning in the occiput and extending forward and settling over the left eye ( right is sanguinaria , silica [and so on] . )

All the major towns have several shops with jackets , hats , boots , rain gear , etc .
all the major towns have several shops with jackets , hats , boots , rain gear , [and so on] .

Standard poker rules apply ; that is , pairs , straights , flushes , full houses , etc .
standard poker rules apply ; that is , pairs , straights , flushes , full houses , [and so on] .

The 26 richly-decorated salons ( just a fraction of the Medici residence ) are named after the themes of their 17th-century frescoes — Venus , Hercules , Prometheus , etc .
the 26 richly-decorated salons ( just a fraction of the medici residence ) are named after the themes of their 17th-century frescoes — venus , hercules , prometheus , [and so on] .

The more conventional of the two is Eretz Israel ( the Land of Israel ) , spread out over small pavilions which deal with conventional museum subjects such as coins , glass , philately , ceramics , ethnography , folklore , etc .
the more conventional of the two is eretz israel ( the land of israel ) , spread out over small pavilions which deal with conventional museum subjects such as coins , glass , philately , ceramics , ethnography , folklore , [and so on] .

Here you ’ ll find the finest leather goods and of-the-moment fashions from all the predictable high-priests ( Valentino , Armani , Versace , Gucci , Missoni , etc .
here you ’ ll find the finest leather goods and of-the-moment fashions from all the predictable high-priests ( valentino , armani , versace , gucci , missoni , [and so on] .

BCN Original , downstairs next to the Tourism Information Office at Plaça de Catalunya , 17 , has a nice selection of gifts with the Barcelona stamp : t-shirts , paper products , etc .
bcn original , downstairs next to the tourism information office at plaça de catalunya , 17 , has a nice selection of gifts with the barcelona stamp : t-shirts , paper products , [and so on] .

For a religious experience and a history lesson with your foodstuffs shopping , visit Caelum ( c/ de la Palla , 8 ) , which stocks all kinds of products produced by monasteries around the world ( Trappist monk beers , honey , candles , cheese , etc . )
for a religious experience and a history lesson with your foodstuffs shopping , visit caelum ( c/ de la palla , 8 ) , which stocks all kinds of products produced by monasteries around the world ( trappist monk beers , honey , candles , cheese , [and so on] . )

A variety of themes are explored : space , health , communications , agriculture , etc .
a variety of themes are explored : space , health , communications , agriculture , [and so on] .

The other major attraction , Sioux City , is a recreation of the Wild West , with gun-fights , lynchings , saloon gals and lassooing tricks , etc .
the other major attraction , sioux city , is a recreation of the wild west , with gun-fights , lynchings , saloon gals and lassooing tricks , [and so on] .

Musicals from Broadway and London ’ s West End ( like Cats , Les Misérables , etc . )
musicals from broadway and london ’ s west end ( like cats , les misérables , [and so on] . )

An associate speaking to transactional lawyers advised them that `` there is an infinite amount of pro bono work out there ( transactional stuff for not for profits , etc . )
an associate speaking to transactional lawyers advised them that `` there is an infinite amount of pro bono work out there ( transactional stuff for not for profits , [and so on] . )

Family law a priority The biggest part of the foundation '' s work is family law : divorce , custody , child support , etc .
family law a priority the biggest part of the foundation '' s work is family law : divorce , custody , child support , [and so on] .

In addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 A cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 Further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , Chief Financial Officers Act , Clinger-Cohen Act , etc . ) .
in addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 a cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , government performance and results act ( gpra ) , chief financial officers act , clinger-cohen act , [and so on] . ) .

A number of defined benefit pension plans lost significant sums as a result of the decline in the value of their holdings in Enron , WorldCom , etc .
a number of defined benefit pension plans lost significant sums as a result of the decline in the value of their holdings in enron , worldcom , [and so on] .

FAA said that collocating all of the logistics functions including Engineers , Items Managers , Technicians , Equipment Specialists , etc , allowed the team to work together on priority areas .
faa said that collocating all of the logistics functions including engineers , items managers , technicians , equipment specialists , [and so on] , allowed the team to work together on priority areas .

Data will be presented for all programs for the base year and at least 6 years subsequent to the base year , summarized in sufficient detail to identify , at least , ( 1 ) receipts by major source ( e.g. , individual income taxes , social insurance taxes , etc .
data will be presented for all programs for the base year and at least 6 years subsequent to the base year , summarized in sufficient detail to identify , at least , ( 1 ) receipts by major source ( e.g. , individual income taxes , social insurance taxes , [and so on] .

ACTUARIAL LIABILITY - A liability based on statistical calculations and actuarial assumptions ( actuarial assumptions are conditions used to resolve uncertainties in the absence of information concerning future events affecting insurance , pension expenses , etc . ) .
actuarial liability - a liability based on statistical calculations and actuarial assumptions ( actuarial assumptions are conditions used to resolve uncertainties in the absence of information concerning future events affecting insurance , pension expenses , [and so on] . ) .

Information to be compared could include , for example , data on the traveler ( e.g. , name , employee or social security number , etc . )
information to be compared could include , for example , data on the traveler ( e.g. , name , employee or social security number , [and so on] . )

The contracting method can also affect who is involved at each phase ( A/E , construction contractor , etc . ) .
the contracting method can also affect who is involved at each phase ( a/e , construction contractor , [and so on] . ) .

Table 3.4 : Program Implementation Case Aspect examined Characteristic Studies Evaluation Descriptive , normative questions Functions Learn what implementation has been achieved , understand unexpected aspects ; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does ; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility Design features Site selection can not be convenience because usually generalization wanted , and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases ; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted ; data rely on common instruments , published documents , and observation ; reports are varied in theme , site , chronology , and narration Pitfalls Bias detection methods may be inadequate ; may fail to take into account diverse views about program goals and purposes ; competence of all on-site observers may not be sufficiently high ; can be costly due to study size ; the demands of data management , data quality control , validation procedures , and analytic model ( within site , cross site , etc . )
table 3.4 : program implementation case aspect examined characteristic studies evaluation descriptive , normative questions functions learn what implementation has been achieved , understand unexpected aspects ; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does ; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility design features site selection can not be convenience because usually generalization wanted , and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases ; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted ; data rely on common instruments , published documents , and observation ; reports are varied in theme , site , chronology , and narration pitfalls bias detection methods may be inadequate ; may fail to take into account diverse views about program goals and purposes ; competence of all on-site observers may not be sufficiently high ; can be costly due to study size ; the demands of data management , data quality control , validation procedures , and analytic model ( within site , cross site , [and so on] . )

Further , we met with a panel of CIOs from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .
further , we met with a panel of cios from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , [and so on] . ) .

Directory of statewide programs that includes information such as number of employees , number of offices , amount/percentage/type of funding , level of tech usage , types of services , collaborations/partnerships , etc .
directory of statewide programs that includes information such as number of employees , number of offices , amount/percentage/type of funding , level of tech usage , types of services , collaborations/partnerships , [and so on] .

Each practice area is defined by a substantive area of law ( e.g. , family law , immigration law , etc . ) .
each practice area is defined by a substantive area of law ( e.g. , family law , immigration law , [and so on] . ) .

It has also been clarified that if a case fails to meet any required documentation ( financial eligibility , citizenship/eligible alien status , within program priorities , etc . )
it has also been clarified that if a case fails to meet any required documentation ( financial eligibility , citizenship/eligible alien status , within program priorities , [and so on] . )

The IJC also supports the work of the Round Table , which has a number of sections ( senior law , consumer law , public benefits , housing , family law , Hispanic Law , etc . )
the ijc also supports the work of the round table , which has a number of sections ( senior law , consumer law , public benefits , housing , family law , hispanic law , [and so on] . )

The Status Committee is charged with `` identifying and removing impediments to the justice system for people whose status ( e.g. , physical or mental limitations , disability , race ethnicity , language , cultural or other differences , remoteness or physical isolation , etc . )
the status committee is charged with `` identifying and removing impediments to the justice system for people whose status ( e.g. , physical or mental limitations , disability , race ethnicity , language , cultural or other differences , remoteness or physical isolation , [and so on] . )

LAN/WAN , hardware , software , connectivity , email , training , video conferencing , etc . )
lan/wan , hardware , software , connectivity , email , training , video conferencing , [and so on] . )

QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 INTRODUCTION 4.1.1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( QA ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOP 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .
quality assurance 4.1 introduction 4.1.1 development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( qa ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sop 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , [and so on] .

To meet this requirement , the intra-laboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intra-laboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , [and so on] .

To meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in a laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , [and so on] .

Successive toxicity endpoints ( NOECs , IC25s , LC50s , etc . )
successive toxicity endpoints ( noecs , ic25s , lc50s , [and so on] . )

Equipment ( pumps , valves , etc . )
equipment ( pumps , valves , [and so on] . )

There are inherent differences between the use of a NOEC or LOEC derived from hypothesis testing to estimate a `` safe '' concentration , and the use of a LC , IC , EC , or other point estimates derived from curve fitting , interpolation , etc .
there are inherent differences between the use of a noec or loec derived from hypothesis testing to estimate a `` safe '' concentration , and the use of a lc , ic , ec , or other point estimates derived from curve fitting , interpolation , [and so on] .

Alternative point estimations approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .
alternative point estimations approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , [and so on] .

There are inherent differences between the use of a NOEC or LOEC derived from hypothesis testing to estimate a `` safe '' concentration , and the use of a LC , EC , IC , or other point estimates derived from curve fitting , interpolation , etc .
there are inherent differences between the use of a noec or loec derived from hypothesis testing to estimate a `` safe '' concentration , and the use of a lc , ec , ic , or other point estimates derived from curve fitting , interpolation , [and so on] .

Alternative point estimation approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .
alternative point estimation approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , [and so on] .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( dqos ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , [and so on] .

To meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( CV % ) , of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , etc .
to meet this requirement , the intralaboratory precision , expressed as percent coefficient of variation ( cv % ) , of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms , using the same reference toxicant , at the same concentrations , with the same test conditions ( i.e. , the same test duration , type of dilution water , age of test organisms , feeding , [and so on] .

Successive toxicity endpoints ( NOECs , IC25s , LC50s , etc . )
successive toxicity endpoints ( noecs , ic25s , lc50s , [and so on] . )

Equipment ( pumps , valves , etc . )
equipment ( pumps , valves , [and so on] . )

OKP ` çåëíêìÅíáçå=bèìáéãÉåí The construction equipment required for typical FGD installations is standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , etc .
okp ` çåëíêìåíáçå=bèìáéãéåí the construction equipment required for typical fgd installations is standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , [and so on] .

Complete limestone processing ( delivery , crushing , slurry preparation , reagent feed equipment , etc . )
complete limestone processing ( delivery , crushing , slurry preparation , reagent feed equipment , [and so on] . )

Except for the catalyst , most of the material/equipment used to assemble an SCR system is either standard mechanical and electrical components ( pumps , blowers , valves , piping , heaters , pressure vessels , temperature and pressure sensors , etc . )
except for the catalyst , most of the material/equipment used to assemble an scr system is either standard mechanical and electrical components ( pumps , blowers , valves , piping , heaters , pressure vessels , temperature and pressure sensors , [and so on] . )

PKP ` çåëíêìÅíáçå=bèìáéãÉåí Construction equipment needed for installation of an SCR includes standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , etc .
pkp ` çåëíêìåíáçå=bèìáéãéåí construction equipment needed for installation of an scr includes standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , [and so on] .

QKP ` çåëíêìÅíáçå=bèìáéãÉåí Construction equipment needed for installation of an ACI system includes standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , etc .
qkp ` çåëíêìåíáçå=bèìáéãéåí construction equipment needed for installation of an aci system includes standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , [and so on] .

In estimating the resources necessary to put new control technology capacity in place ( labor , steel , etc .
in estimating the resources necessary to put new control technology capacity in place ( labor , steel , [and so on] .

Costs for each postal activity ( mail processing , delivery , etc ) that can be attributed to mail volumes , are divided by total volume to obtain an estimate of the marginal cost.4 The remaining costs are institutional costs that are primarily driven by the size of the network .
costs for each postal activity ( mail processing , delivery , [and so on] ) that can be attributed to mail volumes , are divided by total volume to obtain an estimate of the marginal cost.4 the remaining costs are institutional costs that are primarily driven by the size of the network .

Line 3-here the model takes into account the cost of getting mail to the point of delivery ( e.g. , processing , transportation , administrative , retail , etc . ) .
line 3-here the model takes into account the cost of getting mail to the point of delivery ( e.g. , processing , transportation , administrative , retail , [and so on] . ) .

Time standards are applied to workload elements ( e.g. , mileage , delivery boxes , quantity of mail by shape , etc . )
time standards are applied to workload elements ( e.g. , mileage , delivery boxes , quantity of mail by shape , [and so on] . )

Knives with blades under 4 inches , such as Swiss Army Knives , scout knives , pocket utility knives , etc .
knives with blades under 4 inches , such as swiss army knives , scout knives , pocket utility knives , [and so on] .

Al Qaeda also relied on outside travel facilitators , including fraudulent document vendors , corrupt officials , travel agencies , and smugglers , to help move operatives around the world by obtaining fraudulent documents , arranging visas ( real or fake ) , making airline reservations , etc .
al qaeda also relied on outside travel facilitators , including fraudulent document vendors , corrupt officials , travel agencies , and smugglers , to help move operatives around the world by obtaining fraudulent documents , arranging visas ( real or fake ) , making airline reservations , [and so on] .

For many syndromic surveillance data sources , there is also natural space by day-of-week interaction in the data that is not due to a disease outbreak but to consumer behavior , store hours , etc .
for many syndromic surveillance data sources , there is also natural space by day-of-week interaction in the data that is not due to a disease outbreak but to consumer behavior , store hours , [and so on] .

The underlying assumption when calculating these expected numbers is now that the probability of a case being in zip-code area z , given that it was observed on a Monday , is the same for all Mondays , etc .
the underlying assumption when calculating these expected numbers is now that the probability of a case being in zip-code area z , given that it was observed on a monday , is the same for all mondays , [and so on] .

As a result , the study of such networks focuses not on the exact values of outputs , but rather on qualitative behavior , e.g. , whether the network acts as a “ switch , ” “ filter , ” “ oscillator , ” “ dynamic range adjuster , ” “ producer of stripes , ” etc .
as a result , the study of such networks focuses not on the exact values of outputs , but rather on qualitative behavior , e.g. , whether the network acts as a “ switch , ” “ filter , ” “ oscillator , ” “ dynamic range adjuster , ” “ producer of stripes , ” [and so on] .

Specific macrophage subpopulations are associated with different tissues ( alveolar macrophages in the lung , microglial cells in the central nervous system , etc . ) .
specific macrophage subpopulations are associated with different tissues ( alveolar macrophages in the lung , microglial cells in the central nervous system , [and so on] . ) .

This electronic taste chip ( ETC ) system carries out chemical and immunological reactions on microspheres positioned in the inverted pyramidal microchamber wells of a silicon or plastic microchip , which is housed in a miniature flow cell .
this electronic taste chip ( [and so on] ) system carries out chemical and immunological reactions on microspheres positioned in the inverted pyramidal microchamber wells of a silicon or plastic microchip , which is housed in a miniature flow cell .

Using the ETC system , complex immunological assays , such as the ones developed to quantify cardiac risk factors in serum , can be performed with small sample volumes , short analysis times , and markedly reduced reagent costs [ 22 ] .
using the [and so on] system , complex immunological assays , such as the ones developed to quantify cardiac risk factors in serum , can be performed with small sample volumes , short analysis times , and markedly reduced reagent costs [ 22 ] .

Further development of the ETC system has shown that it could be adapted to the detection of bacteria , spores , and living cells [ 24 ] .
further development of the [and so on] system has shown that it could be adapted to the detection of bacteria , spores , and living cells [ 24 ] .

Methods Flow Cell The ETC system was originally designed for microsphere-based assays [ 21â€ “ 23 ] .
methods flow cell the [and so on] system was originally designed for microsphere-based assays [ 21â€ “ 23 ] .

Results In initial experiments using the original ETC system [ 21â€ “ 23 ] , microspheres were coated with monoclonal antibodies to the lymphocyte surface markers CD3 , CD4 , or CD8 , followed by microfluidic delivery of fluorescently labeled lymphocytes from whole blood obtained from non-HIV-infected participants .
results in initial experiments using the original [and so on] system [ 21â€ “ 23 ] , microspheres were coated with monoclonal antibodies to the lymphocyte surface markers cd3 , cd4 , or cd8 , followed by microfluidic delivery of fluorescently labeled lymphocytes from whole blood obtained from non-hiv-infected participants .

As in the original ETC system , cells were imaged under fluorescence optics using a mercury arc lamp light source and a CCD camera ( Figure 1 ) .
as in the original [and so on] system , cells were imaged under fluorescence optics using a mercury arc lamp light source and a ccd camera ( figure 1 ) .

Using the digital imaging system originally developed for microsphere-based capture in the ETC system , fluorescently labeled white blood cells can then be imaged directly on the chip and counted .
using the digital imaging system originally developed for microsphere-based capture in the [and so on] system , fluorescently labeled white blood cells can then be imaged directly on the chip and counted .

Although refinements of Possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .
although refinements of possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , [and so on] .

By choosing the most current literature as testing material , my students realize that I read the literature to stay current in my field and that there are always new opportunities to learn , analyze , and design experiments , etc .
by choosing the most current literature as testing material , my students realize that i read the literature to stay current in my field and that there are always new opportunities to learn , analyze , and design experiments , [and so on] .

Technically , this could be analyzed as too much gain in the artificial control signal , which , in a realistic scenario , would likely result in oscillating behavior , jerky grasping , etc .
technically , this could be analyzed as too much gain in the artificial control signal , which , in a realistic scenario , would likely result in oscillating behavior , jerky grasping , [and so on] .

The former covers base salaries , which are small even by local standards ( about US $ 200 per month for a laboratory chief ) , and basic infrastructure ( water , electricity , etc . ) .
the former covers base salaries , which are small even by local standards ( about us $ 200 per month for a laboratory chief ) , and basic infrastructure ( water , electricity , [and so on] . ) .

He draws a parallel with mathematical operations ( addition , subtraction , etc . )
he draws a parallel with mathematical operations ( addition , subtraction , [and so on] . )

Students appreciate gift certificates from art supply stores , lumberyards , paper firms , etc .
students appreciate gift certificates from art supply stores , lumberyards , paper firms , [and so on] .

Corporations are involved in a number of projects that make a huge impact on our institution , including program underwriting , marketing sponsorships , inkind donations , volunteer activities , etc .
corporations are involved in a number of projects that make a huge impact on our institution , including program underwriting , marketing sponsorships , inkind donations , volunteer activities , [and so on] .

I am always happy to hear from you about your accomplishments , career , family , etc .
i am always happy to hear from you about your accomplishments , career , family , [and so on] .

After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils , beds , cleaning supplies , etc .
after our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils , beds , cleaning supplies , [and so on] .

Corporations are involved in a wide variety of projects that make a huge impact on our institution , including underwriting projects , marketing sponsorships , inkind donations , volunteer projects , etc .
corporations are involved in a wide variety of projects that make a huge impact on our institution , including underwriting projects , marketing sponsorships , inkind donations , volunteer projects , [and so on] .

They were pretty beat up and the tops well covered with carvings of teeth , initials , etc .
they were pretty beat up and the tops well covered with carvings of teeth , initials , [and so on] .

I 'm operating the circular reflex : an outgoing impulse ( e.g. , leading to the contraction of a muscle ) followed not mainly by the satisfaction of need , but rather by some incoming sensory impulse ( e.g. , in the eye , urethra , etc . ) ''
i 'm operating the circular reflex : an outgoing impulse ( e.g. , leading to the contraction of a muscle ) followed not mainly by the satisfaction of need , but rather by some incoming sensory impulse ( e.g. , in the eye , urethra , [and so on] . ) ''

Our dads came home , moved into nuclear family houses , farther from their parents , aunts , uncles , etc than ever before , tried to live with rectitude and diligence amid rising prices and elevated standards of liveable housekeeping , tried to be husbands and fathers to uncomprehending wives and children .
our dads came home , moved into nuclear family houses , farther from their parents , aunts , uncles , [and so on] than ever before , tried to live with rectitude and diligence amid rising prices and elevated standards of liveable housekeeping , tried to be husbands and fathers to uncomprehending wives and children .

The wealth gained in their control was fantastic , as witness the stories told of Solomon 's Temple , etc .
the wealth gained in their control was fantastic , as witness the stories told of solomon 's temple , [and so on] .

Although they have the power to make their victims ill in various ways -- such as by possession , gaze , etc .
although they have the power to make their victims ill in various ways -- such as by possession , gaze , [and so on] .

The compassionate Dog tenderly licks the burned face of the baby and tells the devil , firmly but respectfully , `` the merits of offering incense , flowers , alms , etc .
the compassionate dog tenderly licks the burned face of the baby and tells the devil , firmly but respectfully , `` the merits of offering incense , flowers , alms , [and so on] .

Consider my Middlemarch , where consciousness itself was examined through the minds of Dorothea , Casaubon , Ladislaw , etc .
consider my middlemarch , where consciousness itself was examined through the minds of dorothea , casaubon , ladislaw , [and so on] .

Rendez-vousing with undisclosed colleagues at the Musee Fabre , they are spirited into the Jardin des Plantes , where they spend three weeks installed in an exhibit of tableaux vivants representing stages of regional history , changing costumes every day ( homme de tautavel ( sic ) , greques/romaines , alamanii , saracens , huguenots , etc .
rendez-vousing with undisclosed colleagues at the musee fabre , they are spirited into the jardin des plantes , where they spend three weeks installed in an exhibit of tableaux vivants representing stages of regional history , changing costumes every day ( homme de tautavel ( sic ) , greques/romaines , alamanii , saracens , huguenots , [and so on] .

To Do List for Nairobi 9/29 500 ft nylon rope nebulizer w/capacity to fill operating room with drug vapor MDA NOT MDMA ( no nerve damage-better hallucinogen76 ) Large quantities Demerol , Valium Gurney with false bottom to `` disappear '' recumbent figure Surgical scrubs , masks , etc .
to do list for nairobi 9/29 500 ft nylon rope nebulizer w/capacity to fill operating room with drug vapor mda not mdma ( no nerve damage-better hallucinogen76 ) large quantities demerol , valium gurney with false bottom to `` disappear '' recumbent figure surgical scrubs , masks , [and so on] .

Consider the following an outline of my talk : General use of crystal Use of crystal for sex Communication via sex lines and internet Use of crystal for clubs , etc Club scene Club fashion Advertising Health Issues `` Then I will perform a disquisition on the Gay Circuit Party , touching on Employment : DJs , bartenders , dancers , waiters , actors , singers , etc .
consider the following an outline of my talk : general use of crystal use of crystal for sex communication via sex lines and internet use of crystal for clubs , [and so on] club scene club fashion advertising health issues `` then i will perform a disquisition on the gay circuit party , touching on employment : djs , bartenders , dancers , waiters , actors , singers , [and so on] .

They have a history of putting important issues on the map -- Bradley took on tax reform and the Soviet Union ; Gore has the environment , technology , etc .
they have a history of putting important issues on the map -- bradley took on tax reform and the soviet union ; gore has the environment , technology , [and so on] .

W. 's not cut out for dramatic pauses , laugh lines , etc .
w. 's not cut out for dramatic pauses , laugh lines , [and so on] .

You remember : Flynt , the pornographer , and his crack team of snoops were going to blast the lid off the hypocritical Republican Congress that was trying to impeach a president over sex , etc .
you remember : flynt , the pornographer , and his crack team of snoops were going to blast the lid off the hypocritical republican congress that was trying to impeach a president over sex , [and so on] .

It 's a brand extension of the `` Best American '' literary franchise -- you know , The Best American Essays , The Best American Short Stories , etc .
it 's a brand extension of the `` best american '' literary franchise -- you know , the best american essays , the best american short stories , [and so on] .

I do not mean to jeer , but the point is that , beginning with Future Schlock ( endorsed by Richard Nixon and later by Newt Gingrich ) , every technological change is hailed with a whiz , boom , bang , etc .
i do not mean to jeer , but the point is that , beginning with future schlock ( endorsed by richard nixon and later by newt gingrich ) , every technological change is hailed with a whiz , boom , bang , [and so on] .

A superb Runco quadrupling projector , DVD as source , THX surround , 10-foot-wide screen , etc .
a superb runco quadrupling projector , dvd as source , thx surround , 10-foot-wide screen , [and so on] .

The second answer , and the one preferred by the film 's creator , George Lucas , is the myth-and-archetype explanation -- timeless themes , classic characters , basic elements of universal human nature , etc .
the second answer , and the one preferred by the film 's creator , george lucas , is the myth-and-archetype explanation -- timeless themes , classic characters , basic elements of universal human nature , [and so on] .

For those who wish to pursue this strategy to its extreme , the Medieval and Renaissance Wedding Information site , a favorite of Dungeons & Dragons types , offers advice on everything from the entertainment ( jousting , minstrels , etc . )
for those who wish to pursue this strategy to its extreme , the medieval and renaissance wedding information site , a favorite of dungeons & dragons types , offers advice on everything from the entertainment ( jousting , minstrels , [and so on] . )

There 's also this unobvious one : Beware your child 's `` excessive preoccupation with social causes , race relations , environmental issues , etc . ''
there 's also this unobvious one : beware your child 's `` excessive preoccupation with social causes , race relations , environmental issues , [and so on] . ''

Two , as you indicate , `` alternative '' newspapers have been thriving , many for decades , by providing readers with exactly the kind of service Rosen says he wants : reporting with perspective ; reader inclusion ; making stories into crusades ; etc .
two , as you indicate , `` alternative '' newspapers have been thriving , many for decades , by providing readers with exactly the kind of service rosen says he wants : reporting with perspective ; reader inclusion ; making stories into crusades ; [and so on] .

Apparently OSHA has ruled that people who work at home -- even if it 's just for a day to take care of a sick kid -- have to be provided with all the workplace safety stuff that they 'd get on the job -- proper ventilation , ergonomically correct chairs , etc .
apparently osha has ruled that people who work at home -- even if it 's just for a day to take care of a sick kid -- have to be provided with all the workplace safety stuff that they 'd get on the job -- proper ventilation , ergonomically correct chairs , [and so on] .

The field was mired in a stale debate over whether Paradise Lost is flawed because it contradicts itself -- Satan is an appealing character , even though Milton appears to side with God , etc .
the field was mired in a stale debate over whether paradise lost is flawed because it contradicts itself -- satan is an appealing character , even though milton appears to side with god , [and so on] .

Weak multiculturalists hold that the differences between people are trivial , because there are certain central values -- tolerance , respecting the dignity of individual rights , etc -- that supersede everything else .
weak multiculturalists hold that the differences between people are trivial , because there are certain central values -- tolerance , respecting the dignity of individual rights , [and so on] -- that supersede everything else .

She 'll be at the home of friends , standing beside her loved ones , etc .
she 'll be at the home of friends , standing beside her loved ones , [and so on] .

There is a `` cancer in the body politic , '' e pluribus unum , Teddy Roosevelt , etc .
there is a `` cancer in the body politic , '' e pluribus unum , teddy roosevelt , [and so on] .

The World War II people won a war ( two wars , one on each side of the world ) then felt they had earned riches , comfort , a homogenous society , everlasting youthful looks , the right to never die , the right to never being questioned with the corresponding right to never being wrong , etc .
the world war ii people won a war ( two wars , one on each side of the world ) then felt they had earned riches , comfort , a homogenous society , everlasting youthful looks , the right to never die , the right to never being questioned with the corresponding right to never being wrong , [and so on] .

Critics call this tear-jerker manipulative and trite , deriding its mandatory sing-along-to-Motown-hits female bonding scene , stiff-upper-lipping by Sarandon , etc .
critics call this tear-jerker manipulative and trite , deriding its mandatory sing-along-to-motown-hits female bonding scene , stiff-upper-lipping by sarandon , [and so on] .

Similarly , Restoration Hardware calls itself a hardware store and stocks a few items that might legitimately be termed hardware -- multiple-head carbine screwdrivers , fold-up pliers , flashlights with old metallic ribbing , etc .
similarly , restoration hardware calls itself a hardware store and stocks a few items that might legitimately be termed hardware -- multiple-head carbine screwdrivers , fold-up pliers , flashlights with old metallic ribbing , [and so on] .

The president should be the most powerful person in the executive branch , the chief justice of the Supreme Court the most powerful in the judicial branch , the speaker of the House the most powerful in the House , etc .
the president should be the most powerful person in the executive branch , the chief justice of the supreme court the most powerful in the judicial branch , the speaker of the house the most powerful in the house , [and so on] .

Republican family issues discriminate between family configurations ( straight vs. gay , married vs. unmarried , etc . ) .
republican family issues discriminate between family configurations ( straight vs. gay , married vs. unmarried , [and so on] . ) .

For instance , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the Commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .
for instance , the u.s. commission on civil rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , [and so on] .

You also can double-click the plus sign for any one listing or hit one of the higher numbers on the Outline toolbar to affect the whole file and expose various sub-levels of headline , posted date , etc .
you also can double-click the plus sign for any one listing or hit one of the higher numbers on the outline toolbar to affect the whole file and expose various sub-levels of headline , posted date , [and so on] .

For departments ( such as Today 's Papers , `` Moneybox , '' etc . )
for departments ( such as today 's papers , `` moneybox , '' [and so on] . )

In addition to the usual list of catastrophes ( power outages , plane crashes , etc .
in addition to the usual list of catastrophes ( power outages , plane crashes , [and so on] .

Larry is an exceedingly good friend , and when he comes to my city on business it 's understood that I am delighted to take him out on the town , put him up in my guest room , etc .
larry is an exceedingly good friend , and when he comes to my city on business it 's understood that i am delighted to take him out on the town , put him up in my guest room , [and so on] .

It is my sorrowful duty now to accuse President William Jefferson Clinton , '' etc. , etc .
it is my sorrowful duty now to accuse president william jefferson clinton , '' etc. , [and so on] .

Obituaries focused on her pattern of gaining influence and prestige by romancing rich and powerful men ( Winston Churchill 's son , Edward R. Murrow , the heir to the Fiat fortune , etc . ) .
obituaries focused on her pattern of gaining influence and prestige by romancing rich and powerful men ( winston churchill 's son , edward r. murrow , the heir to the fiat fortune , [and so on] . ) .

A poetic homage , for sure , since the two writers exemplify the stylistic divide between the confessional poets of the postwar United States ( count Lowell , Berryman , Jarrell , Sexton , and others ) and their more objective British counterparts ( think of Hughes , Geoffrey Hill , etc .
a poetic homage , for sure , since the two writers exemplify the stylistic divide between the confessional poets of the postwar united states ( count lowell , berryman , jarrell , sexton , and others ) and their more objective british counterparts ( think of hughes , geoffrey hill , [and so on] .

Although he did not offer any reasons for his stance , the only plausible ones would run along the same lines as those offered for white people not marrying blacks or Asians , etc .
although he did not offer any reasons for his stance , the only plausible ones would run along the same lines as those offered for white people not marrying blacks or asians , [and so on] .

My daughter comes home from school and tells me that other kids have come up with alternative meanings to the WWJD acronym -- '' We Want Jelly Doughnuts , '' `` Willy Wonka Just Died , '' etc .
my daughter comes home from school and tells me that other kids have come up with alternative meanings to the wwjd acronym -- '' we want jelly doughnuts , '' `` willy wonka just died , '' [and so on] .

I find it interesting that Alfred Gingold , in `` Onward , Christian Clothiers , '' does n't have a problem with pro-abortion T-shirts or vulgar T-shirts ( `` shit happens , '' `` coed nude basketball , '' `` bitch on wheels , '' etc . )
i find it interesting that alfred gingold , in `` onward , christian clothiers , '' does n't have a problem with pro-abortion t-shirts or vulgar t-shirts ( `` shit happens , '' `` coed nude basketball , '' `` bitch on wheels , '' [and so on] . )

The illustrated edition included the full government report and garden variety beaver shots , etc .
the illustrated edition included the full government report and garden variety beaver shots , [and so on] .

The hotel would provide casual clothes , and also underwear , socks , dress shirts , undershirts , ties , etc .
the hotel would provide casual clothes , and also underwear , socks , dress shirts , undershirts , ties , [and so on] .

During the first years of Nazi anti-Semitic incitement [ says Bankier ] , most Germans ( `` large sectors , '' `` the bulk , '' `` sizable parts '' ) found `` the form of persecution abhorrent , '' expressed `` misgivings about the brutal methods employed , '' `` remained on the sidelines , '' `` severely condemned the persecution , '' etc .
during the first years of nazi anti-semitic incitement [ says bankier ] , most germans ( `` large sectors , '' `` the bulk , '' `` sizable parts '' ) found `` the form of persecution abhorrent , '' expressed `` misgivings about the brutal methods employed , '' `` remained on the sidelines , '' `` severely condemned the persecution , '' [and so on] .

You could have given us a piece on the roots of the conflict , a discussion of how previous wars between the countries got started , a discussion of how the British supported the Muslims , etc .
you could have given us a piece on the roots of the conflict , a discussion of how previous wars between the countries got started , a discussion of how the british supported the muslims , [and so on] .

As for Housman 's litany on `` employee marijuana use , '' each of those effects ( increased absenteeism , increased accidents , higher turnover , low job satisfaction , etc . )
as for housman 's litany on `` employee marijuana use , '' each of those effects ( increased absenteeism , increased accidents , higher turnover , low job satisfaction , [and so on] . )

Having done so , they finally agree to marry but with stipulations : She has privacy , freedom to pursue her own life and friends , control over money , etc .
having done so , they finally agree to marry but with stipulations : she has privacy , freedom to pursue her own life and friends , control over money , [and so on] .

In Justice Department briefs and in private meetings , the Secret Service insisted that the failure to recognize the privilege : would result in `` profound and predictable peril '' to the president , `` could mean the difference between life or death , '' would endanger `` the integrity of our national security , '' etc .
in justice department briefs and in private meetings , the secret service insisted that the failure to recognize the privilege : would result in `` profound and predictable peril '' to the president , `` could mean the difference between life or death , '' would endanger `` the integrity of our national security , '' [and so on] .

The general consensus is that , since 1992 , Clinton has got away with murder -- on draft dodging , Gennifer Flowers , Whitewater , Travelgate , Paula Jones , etc. , etc .
the general consensus is that , since 1992 , clinton has got away with murder -- on draft dodging , gennifer flowers , whitewater , travelgate , paula jones , etc. , [and so on] .

It 's a term used to describe that part of society that exists between the family and the state -- voluntary organizations , choral groups , Rotary clubs , etc .
it 's a term used to describe that part of society that exists between the family and the state -- voluntary organizations , choral groups , rotary clubs , [and so on] .

There 's nothing sacred about that technique ; others have ranked cumulative giving over a lifetime , etc .
there 's nothing sacred about that technique ; others have ranked cumulative giving over a lifetime , [and so on] .

This compares to the puny installation requirement of 5 megs to 10 megs of hard-disk space for a similar array of DOS applications , circa 1988 : WordPerfect , Lotus 123 , dBase , Crosstalk , etc .
this compares to the puny installation requirement of 5 megs to 10 megs of hard-disk space for a similar array of dos applications , circa 1988 : wordperfect , lotus 123 , dbase , crosstalk , [and so on] .

Every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to Clinton -- Whitewater , fund raising , Lewinsky , China espionage , etc .
every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to clinton -- whitewater , fund raising , lewinsky , china espionage , [and so on] .

Second , the dean 's office could assign each professor a `` grade budget '' consisting of a certain number of A 's , B 's , etc .
second , the dean 's office could assign each professor a `` grade budget '' consisting of a certain number of a 's , b 's , [and so on] .

I am 25 years old and have a wonderful boyfriend who is thoughtful , kind , understanding , etc .
i am 25 years old and have a wonderful boyfriend who is thoughtful , kind , understanding , [and so on] .

The Yankees , like the GOP , brazenly take enormous `` contributions '' wherever they can be found ( fans , cable TV operators , Adidas , etc . ) .
the yankees , like the gop , brazenly take enormous `` contributions '' wherever they can be found ( fans , cable tv operators , adidas , [and so on] . ) .

Whereas we could get hotter and hotter under the collar about the ethics of displaying one man 's collection of new art in a public institution , of public subsidy for art the public is goaded into hating , of how blasphemy has become an article of faith in an institutionalized avant garde , etc .
whereas we could get hotter and hotter under the collar about the ethics of displaying one man 's collection of new art in a public institution , of public subsidy for art the public is goaded into hating , of how blasphemy has become an article of faith in an institutionalized avant garde , [and so on] .

The jokes abound : what Warren would do on the Oval Office carpet , whom President Beatty would hire as his intern , etc .
the jokes abound : what warren would do on the oval office carpet , whom president beatty would hire as his intern , [and so on] .

We had a great weekend -- saw the sights of the city , ate out , etc .
we had a great weekend -- saw the sights of the city , ate out , [and so on] .

What bothers me is that while my childhood was far more `` normal , '' I demonstrate more responsibility in my financial obligations ( school loans , etc . )
what bothers me is that while my childhood was far more `` normal , '' i demonstrate more responsibility in my financial obligations ( school loans , [and so on] . )

Now their children -- my nieces and nephews -- are beginning to make overtures to me ... e-mails , letters , invitations to graduations , requests to visit , to write recommendation letters , etc .
now their children -- my nieces and nephews -- are beginning to make overtures to me ... e-mails , letters , invitations to graduations , requests to visit , to write recommendation letters , [and so on] .

If we get away from the art stars ( Hirst , Ofili , etc . )
if we get away from the art stars ( hirst , ofili , [and so on] . )

Incidentally , in Pennsylvania , the presence of a racial restriction in a set of deed restrictions makes all the rest of that set of restrictions ( e.g. , as to the maximum height of fences , the prohibition of nonsingle-family residences , etc . )
incidentally , in pennsylvania , the presence of a racial restriction in a set of deed restrictions makes all the rest of that set of restrictions ( e.g. , as to the maximum height of fences , the prohibition of nonsingle-family residences , [and so on] . )

This is why your dentist hectors you to rubber-tip your gums , brush with a superconcentrated fluoride toothpaste , and wear a night guard to control your bruxing ( which loosens teeth , opening pockets between teeth and gum , etc . ) .
this is why your dentist hectors you to rubber-tip your gums , brush with a superconcentrated fluoride toothpaste , and wear a night guard to control your bruxing ( which loosens teeth , opening pockets between teeth and gum , [and so on] . ) .

It is hard to bite my tongue and lie to them , telling them they spent plenty of quality time with me , etc .
it is hard to bite my tongue and lie to them , telling them they spent plenty of quality time with me , [and so on] .

He went on and talked about this and that but at dinner repeated exactly the same instructions -- I was to run for President , announce the third week in April , etc .
he went on and talked about this and that but at dinner repeated exactly the same instructions -- i was to run for president , announce the third week in april , [and so on] .

Descriptions of and comments about each beer 's taste -- '' smooth and nutty , '' `` too strong , '' etc .
descriptions of and comments about each beer 's taste -- '' smooth and nutty , '' `` too strong , '' [and so on] .

The cover package celebrates the century in entertainment with anecdotes told by stars and their hangers-on : Ira Gershwin 's brother-in-law describes how he manufactured ketchup ( he said `` to-may-toes , '' but his suppliers said `` to-mah-toes '' ) ; Little Ricky remembers what it was like to grow up as Lucy and Desi 's TV son ; Barbra Streisand claims she was never a shrew on the set ; a Titanic producer tells how Kate Winslet improvised an enduring moment in cinema -- spitting in the face of co-star Billy Zane , etc .
the cover package celebrates the century in entertainment with anecdotes told by stars and their hangers-on : ira gershwin 's brother-in-law describes how he manufactured ketchup ( he said `` to-may-toes , '' but his suppliers said `` to-mah-toes '' ) ; little ricky remembers what it was like to grow up as lucy and desi 's tv son ; barbra streisand claims she was never a shrew on the set ; a titanic producer tells how kate winslet improvised an enduring moment in cinema -- spitting in the face of co-star billy zane , [and so on] .

Somewhere in the Maryland panhandle , E and I were for some reason discussing Wendy Shalit 's book , The Return of Modesty , which makes the case for chastity , patience , courtship , etc .
somewhere in the maryland panhandle , e and i were for some reason discussing wendy shalit 's book , the return of modesty , which makes the case for chastity , patience , courtship , [and so on] .

Ron Rosenbaum replies : This letter , while unusually lucid for e-mail , is based on a misconception : While I 've only visited a chat room once , I 've read numerous transcripts , excerpts , printouts , etc .
ron rosenbaum replies : this letter , while unusually lucid for e-mail , is based on a misconception : while i 've only visited a chat room once , i 've read numerous transcripts , excerpts , printouts , [and so on] .

You sit around and brainstorm about whether faculty resources ( class size , faculty salaries , etc . )
you sit around and brainstorm about whether faculty resources ( class size , faculty salaries , [and so on] . )

The world press ran out of new things to say about Kennedy tragedies many years ago , and all the old clichés were revived Monday in the massive coverage of the tragic loss of John F. Kennedy Jr. in a plane crash Friday -- the `` curse '' on the family , its love of adventure , the `` end of a dynasty , '' etc .
the world press ran out of new things to say about kennedy tragedies many years ago , and all the old clichés were revived monday in the massive coverage of the tragic loss of john f. kennedy jr. in a plane crash friday -- the `` curse '' on the family , its love of adventure , the `` end of a dynasty , '' [and so on] .

Another Java advantage is that because its programs do less , they can run on almost any computer , no matter what the operating system ( Windows 95 , Mac OS , OS/2 , Unix , etc .
another java advantage is that because its programs do less , they can run on almost any computer , no matter what the operating system ( windows 95 , mac os , os/2 , unix , [and so on] .

The online Times offers a daily `` Whitewater , Etc . ''
the online times offers a daily `` whitewater , [and so on] . ''

The company provides a free piece of software ( downloadable from its site ) that allows you to select from a handful of `` channels '' ( sports , business , arts and entertainment , etc . ) .
the company provides a free piece of software ( downloadable from its site ) that allows you to select from a handful of `` channels '' ( sports , business , arts and entertainment , [and so on] . ) .

You now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her lipstick , untucked her blouse , etc .
you now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her lipstick , untucked her blouse , [and so on] .

I now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her lipstick , untucked her blouse , etc .
i now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her lipstick , untucked her blouse , [and so on] .

Note , however , that , as one observer argues , if the TP is entirely true ( Willey did muss her own clothes , etc .
note , however , that , as one observer argues , if the tp is entirely true ( willey did muss her own clothes , [and so on] .

One click on the name of any currently running movie will bring it up on the screen , but without any additional information except for its rating ( G , PG , etc . ) .
one click on the name of any currently running movie will bring it up on the screen , but without any additional information except for its rating ( g , pg , [and so on] . ) .

Studies have lately aimed to take into account children 's family characteristics -- parental living arrangements and attitudes , income , experience with welfare , etc .
studies have lately aimed to take into account children 's family characteristics -- parental living arrangements and attitudes , income , experience with welfare , [and so on] .

Moreover , New York City ( media center , etc . )
moreover , new york city ( media center , [and so on] . )

Think of the activities of citizen groups , business improvement districts , the transportation authority in removing graffiti and reclaiming the subway , the restoration of Central and Bryant Parks , the creation of the Midtown Community Court , etc. , etc .
think of the activities of citizen groups , business improvement districts , the transportation authority in removing graffiti and reclaiming the subway , the restoration of central and bryant parks , the creation of the midtown community court , etc. , [and so on] .

Each city has begun to find ways to reclaim public spaces and control and nurture its youth on its own terms -- Boston , San Diego , Fort Worth , etc .
each city has begun to find ways to reclaim public spaces and control and nurture its youth on its own terms -- boston , san diego , fort worth , [and so on] .

Over time , however , as the power of authoritative institutions waned -- church , state , even family -- I was increasingly struck by the reality that while many have handled their `` moral freedom '' responsibly , many others have used lack of external constraints to exploit and prey on others -- personally , financially , sexually , violently , etc .
over time , however , as the power of authoritative institutions waned -- church , state , even family -- i was increasingly struck by the reality that while many have handled their `` moral freedom '' responsibly , many others have used lack of external constraints to exploit and prey on others -- personally , financially , sexually , violently , [and so on] .

Next will be articles suggesting that Gore is far from done for -- he has the wonder-economy on his side , is more moderate than Bradley , has the superdelegates locked up , etc .
next will be articles suggesting that gore is far from done for -- he has the wonder-economy on his side , is more moderate than bradley , has the superdelegates locked up , [and so on] .

It 's a symptom of an electoral process rapidly turning into some frightening theme park , one section of which is Moralityland ( the main ride being tempests revolving in teacups labeled Family Values , Defense of Religion , the War on Drugs , etc. , etc . )
it 's a symptom of an electoral process rapidly turning into some frightening theme park , one section of which is moralityland ( the main ride being tempests revolving in teacups labeled family values , defense of religion , the war on drugs , etc. , [and so on] . )

When we say that social background determines in large measure one 's scores and indeed , I would say , one 's tested intelligence , how do we separate out the effect of hereditary factors from income , education , etc .
when we say that social background determines in large measure one 's scores and indeed , i would say , one 's tested intelligence , how do we separate out the effect of hereditary factors from income , education , [and so on] .

Then there are the supernumeraries -- the spear carriers , peasants , etc .
then there are the supernumeraries -- the spear carriers , peasants , [and so on] .

Purchasing information : The pillow is available under a variety of names ( Pressure Relaxation Latex Foam , BetterNeck Visco-Elastic Pillows , etc . ) .
purchasing information : the pillow is available under a variety of names ( pressure relaxation latex foam , betterneck visco-elastic pillows , [and so on] . ) .

It would also look at many artifacts such as mansions , cathedrals , etc. , as elements in the competitive propagation of genes to future generations through better nesting , clan identification , etc .
it would also look at many artifacts such as mansions , cathedrals , etc. , as elements in the competitive propagation of genes to future generations through better nesting , clan identification , [and so on] .

True , the government already makes or withholds payments based on a number of individual conditions , including the birth of a child , etc .
true , the government already makes or withholds payments based on a number of individual conditions , including the birth of a child , [and so on] .

I 've always admired Bob Shrum in his multiple incarnations as political handler , pundit , writer , etc .
i 've always admired bob shrum in his multiple incarnations as political handler , pundit , writer , [and so on] .

Most reforms attempt to deal with the problem by placing limits on the demand side -- that is , campaign-contribution limits , campaign-expenditure limits , etc .
most reforms attempt to deal with the problem by placing limits on the demand side -- that is , campaign-contribution limits , campaign-expenditure limits , [and so on] .

This is , in some sense , the New Democrat line , the Clinton line , the DLC line , etc .
this is , in some sense , the new democrat line , the clinton line , the dlc line , [and so on] .

There is a great deal of effort afoot to make Java faster ( just-in-time compilation , native-code generation , etc . ) .
there is a great deal of effort afoot to make java faster ( just-in-time compilation , native-code generation , [and so on] . ) .

To Krugman , the difference between the two sets of `` liberals '' ( people like Krugman himself , vs. Kuttner , Reich , etc . )
to krugman , the difference between the two sets of `` liberals '' ( people like krugman himself , vs. kuttner , reich , [and so on] . )

If you have a problem seek the advice of an attorney , usual disclaimers , etc. , etc .
if you have a problem seek the advice of an attorney , usual disclaimers , etc. , [and so on] .

In these cases , you were asking the king for a specific , particularized kind of help ( a divorce , apportionment of an estate , etc .
in these cases , you were asking the king for a specific , particularized kind of help ( a divorce , apportionment of an estate , [and so on] .

Starr 's address is not only tortoise-paced , it 's also familiar , a rehash of everything we 've read 50 times before -- what his duties are as independent counsel , how the Lewinsky case came to him , why he pursued it as he did , how the president lied , etc .
starr 's address is not only tortoise-paced , it 's also familiar , a rehash of everything we 've read 50 times before -- what his duties are as independent counsel , how the lewinsky case came to him , why he pursued it as he did , how the president lied , [and so on] .

It is this obsession and lust for knowledge that caused the human condition ( suffering , evil , painful childbirth , etc . )
it is this obsession and lust for knowledge that caused the human condition ( suffering , evil , painful childbirth , [and so on] . )

The Internet is percolating with theories that an `` electromagnetic pulse weapon '' destroyed the building , that the government did it and wants McVeigh to take the fall , etc .
the internet is percolating with theories that an `` electromagnetic pulse weapon '' destroyed the building , that the government did it and wants mcveigh to take the fall , [and so on] .

Etc .
[and so on] .

It 's also a culture that hurts the larger society -- not just those on welfare -- by producing crime , destroying urban life , fanning racial tension , etc .
it 's also a culture that hurts the larger society -- not just those on welfare -- by producing crime , destroying urban life , fanning racial tension , [and so on] .

Like a thinking man 's Johnny Apple , he surveys various Kennedy and Johnson hacks -- even tracking down that familiar standby , the unnamed `` Washington veteran '' -- and reaps a harvest of self-congratulatory harrumphing along the lines of `` I come from an era when loyalty and gratitude were regally honored , '' not like these young whippersnappers , etc .
like a thinking man 's johnny apple , he surveys various kennedy and johnson hacks -- even tracking down that familiar standby , the unnamed `` washington veteran '' -- and reaps a harvest of self-congratulatory harrumphing along the lines of `` i come from an era when loyalty and gratitude were regally honored , '' not like these young whippersnappers , [and so on] .

The now de rigueur claims that he 'll restore the dignity of the Oval Office , wo n't be driven by polls , etc. , etc .
the now de rigueur claims that he 'll restore the dignity of the oval office , wo n't be driven by polls , etc. , [and so on] .

Her book includes a chart that sheds a little light on the subject by comparing the percentage of `` unintentional injury deaths '' in various categories ( drowning , falling object , etc . )
her book includes a chart that sheds a little light on the subject by comparing the percentage of `` unintentional injury deaths '' in various categories ( drowning , falling object , [and so on] . )

Even in a general guidebook there 's room for specialization : the best green spots , the best museums and galleries , etc .
even in a general guidebook there 's room for specialization : the best green spots , the best museums and galleries , [and so on] .

Some workers guard the hive entrance , others collect nectar , others dry nectar by beating their wings , others groom the queen , others manufacture an antiseptic salve that coats the hive , etc .
some workers guard the hive entrance , others collect nectar , others dry nectar by beating their wings , others groom the queen , others manufacture an antiseptic salve that coats the hive , [and so on] .

The difference will be specialization : gay game shows , Asian-American sitcoms , etc .
the difference will be specialization : gay game shows , asian-american sitcoms , [and so on] .

The piece notes that authorship is always a collaborative process to some degree , be it with editor , spouse , etc .
the piece notes that authorship is always a collaborative process to some degree , be it with editor , spouse , [and so on] .

He is responsible for `` some of America 's most defining contemporary images : the investigative reporter , the loner , the defender of the unregulated outdoors , '' etc .
he is responsible for `` some of america 's most defining contemporary images : the investigative reporter , the loner , the defender of the unregulated outdoors , '' [and so on] .

While they share broad principles ( fiscal responsibility , free trade , etc . )
while they share broad principles ( fiscal responsibility , free trade , [and so on] . )

While America is prosperous , we should reduce inequality , strengthen public education , etc .
while america is prosperous , we should reduce inequality , strengthen public education , [and so on] .

A sidebar ranks the presidents of the 20 th century ( FDR first , Hoover last ) and excerpts some of the century 's greatest speeches ( Churchill , MLK , etc . ) .
a sidebar ranks the presidents of the 20 th century ( fdr first , hoover last ) and excerpts some of the century 's greatest speeches ( churchill , mlk , [and so on] . ) .

Evidence : India 's nukes , the Israeli negotiations debacle , failure of Iraq weapon inspections , etc .
evidence : india 's nukes , the israeli negotiations debacle , failure of iraq weapon inspections , [and so on] .

One piece raps the veep 's technorationalism : Gore believes that expert analysis can solve any problem ( environmental degradation , nuclear proliferation , etc . )
one piece raps the veep 's technorationalism : gore believes that expert analysis can solve any problem ( environmental degradation , nuclear proliferation , [and so on] . )

Written during a feverish tuberculosis fit when Chekhov was in his early 20s , titles include : `` On the Train , '' `` Sarah Bernhardt Comes to Town , '' `` From the Diary of an Assistant Bookkeeper , '' and `` Elements Most Often Found in Novels , Short Stories , Etc . ''
written during a feverish tuberculosis fit when chekhov was in his early 20s , titles include : `` on the train , '' `` sarah bernhardt comes to town , '' `` from the diary of an assistant bookkeeper , '' and `` elements most often found in novels , short stories , [and so on] . ''

Space travel mimics the effects of aging ( bone weakening , sleep disruption , etc .
space travel mimics the effects of aging ( bone weakening , sleep disruption , [and so on] .

Kiss goodbye to Starr 's years of work on Whitewater , Travelgate , etc .
kiss goodbye to starr 's years of work on whitewater , travelgate , [and so on] .

The article rehashes the usual generalizations about their similarities : both in their 70s , both haters of rampant capitalism , etc .
the article rehashes the usual generalizations about their similarities : both in their 70s , both haters of rampant capitalism , [and so on] .

Originally a bastion for Ivy League wonks such as George Stephanopoulos and Ira Magaziner , the Clinton White House is now cozier with West Coast elites : the Thomasons , Steven Spielberg , Barbra Streisand , etc .
originally a bastion for ivy league wonks such as george stephanopoulos and ira magaziner , the clinton white house is now cozier with west coast elites : the thomasons , steven spielberg , barbra streisand , [and so on] .

Bradley 's patriotic `` essays '' ( on the disabled , good sportsmanship , etc . )
bradley 's patriotic `` essays '' ( on the disabled , good sportsmanship , [and so on] . )

The piece systematically rejects all the popular conspiracy theories ( FBI , white supremacists , `` Raul , '' etc . ) .
the piece systematically rejects all the popular conspiracy theories ( fbi , white supremacists , `` raul , '' [and so on] . ) .

Rather than limiting business-editorial contact to the top of the masthead , he proposes to have each section of the Times ( sports , business , etc . )
rather than limiting business-editorial contact to the top of the masthead , he proposes to have each section of the times ( sports , business , [and so on] . )

Oprah is one of the very few celebrities who owes her fame not to her superhuman qualities ( beauty , athletic ability , etc . )
oprah is one of the very few celebrities who owes her fame not to her superhuman qualities ( beauty , athletic ability , [and so on] . )

To be sure , illegitimacy is not a perfect proxy for indiscriminate promiscuity -- although other indicators ( venereal-disease incidence , divorce rates , etc . )
to be sure , illegitimacy is not a perfect proxy for indiscriminate promiscuity -- although other indicators ( venereal-disease incidence , divorce rates , [and so on] . )

He has attached himself to the usual list of silly far-right causes : no U.S. troops under U.N. command , a two-thirds majority to raise taxes , a flag-burning amendment , etc .
he has attached himself to the usual list of silly far-right causes : no u.s. troops under u.n. command , a two-thirds majority to raise taxes , a flag-burning amendment , [and so on] .

John Boehner , a slick but likable Ohioan who chairs the House Republican Conference , is as adept at playing the Washington game as is DeLay -- befriending reporters , making goo-goo eyes at lobbyists , passing around campaign contributions on the House floor , etc .
john boehner , a slick but likable ohioan who chairs the house republican conference , is as adept at playing the washington game as is delay -- befriending reporters , making goo-goo eyes at lobbyists , passing around campaign contributions on the house floor , [and so on] .

The radio-friendly singles on Spiceworld are watered-down versions of popular pop genres -- disco , funk , world beat , Motown , etc .
the radio-friendly singles on spiceworld are watered-down versions of popular pop genres -- disco , funk , world beat , motown , [and so on] .

He does , however , have other things to his name , such as the Strom Thurmond High School , Strom Thurmond Student Center , Strom Thurmond Federal Building , Strom Thurmond Auditorium , Strom Thurmond Educational Center , Strom Thurmond Dam , Strom Thurmond Lake , Strom Thurmond Highway , Strom Thurmond Soldier Service Center , etc .
he does , however , have other things to his name , such as the strom thurmond high school , strom thurmond student center , strom thurmond federal building , strom thurmond auditorium , strom thurmond educational center , strom thurmond dam , strom thurmond lake , strom thurmond highway , strom thurmond soldier service center , [and so on] .

Keyes makes a habit of denouncing the GOP : for expanding government , for approving treaties , for not impeaching Clinton , etc .
keyes makes a habit of denouncing the gop : for expanding government , for approving treaties , for not impeaching clinton , [and so on] .

Indeed , given the ubiquitous social messages of what now constitutes enlightened masculinity ( a nurturing , sensitive , cholesterol-free character , etc .
indeed , given the ubiquitous social messages of what now constitutes enlightened masculinity ( a nurturing , sensitive , cholesterol-free character , [and so on] .

Bill Bradley is running on a `` goodness platform , '' George W. Bush `` believes Republicans were put on earth to cut taxes , '' etc .
bill bradley is running on a `` goodness platform , '' george w. bush `` believes republicans were put on earth to cut taxes , '' [and so on] .

Many critics compare the show to Fox 's best-known half-hour comedy , The Simpsons , saying it shares the same sense of the absurd ( mother shaves father 's back at the breakfast table , etc . )
many critics compare the show to fox 's best-known half-hour comedy , the simpsons , saying it shares the same sense of the absurd ( mother shaves father 's back at the breakfast table , [and so on] . )

They slip on the stairs or fall between the gap between the train and the platform , etc. , etc .
they slip on the stairs or fall between the gap between the train and the platform , etc. , [and so on] .

Amtrak and its Commuter Division try very hard to raise Safety awareness of its Passengers by using simple , short Safety Slogans such as 'Walk , Do n't Run , ' 'Watch the Gap ' or 'Stay Alert , Stay Alive , ' etc. , etc .
amtrak and its commuter division try very hard to raise safety awareness of its passengers by using simple , short safety slogans such as 'walk , do n't run , ' 'watch the gap ' or 'stay alert , stay alive , ' etc. , [and so on] .

I think it 's partly because people feel these soldiers have n't got a fair shake from historians , the media , etc .
i think it 's partly because people feel these soldiers have n't got a fair shake from historians , the media , [and so on] .

If anything , there are too many -- every bright young thing graduating from college these days feels compelled to publish his or her particular social critique , whether readable or not , and there is a small platoon of quasi-subsidized publishing companies ( Free Press , Basic Books , Public Affairs Press , etc . )
if anything , there are too many -- every bright young thing graduating from college these days feels compelled to publish his or her particular social critique , whether readable or not , and there is a small platoon of quasi-subsidized publishing companies ( free press , basic books , public affairs press , [and so on] . )

Once people are working , it 's not that hard to boost their incomes through familiar means like income supplements ( the EITC ) , day-care subsidies , health-care subsidies , schools , better training , etc .
once people are working , it 's not that hard to boost their incomes through familiar means like income supplements ( the eitc ) , day-care subsidies , health-care subsidies , schools , better training , [and so on] .

We promise not to do it again , '' etc , but I ca n't afford a full page of the paper I work for , let alone of a publication a sincere , earnest gentleman of his ilk would be likely to read .
we promise not to do it again , '' [and so on] , but i ca n't afford a full page of the paper i work for , let alone of a publication a sincere , earnest gentleman of his ilk would be likely to read .

Etc .
[and so on] .

President Clinton 's original notion of `` ending welfare as we know it '' was to require work and also , if necessary , to supply it ( plus training , day care , health care , etc . ) .
president clinton 's original notion of `` ending welfare as we know it '' was to require work and also , if necessary , to supply it ( plus training , day care , health care , [and so on] . ) .

Critics of government welfare programs often ridicule the notion that people would starve in the streets or die of untreated diseases without AFDC , food stamps , Medicaid , etc .
critics of government welfare programs often ridicule the notion that people would starve in the streets or die of untreated diseases without afdc , food stamps , medicaid , [and so on] .

Looked at the other way , paying the extra $ 54 to avoid the added risk ( and leaving aside other advantages of grown-up airlines , such as the delicious meals , roomy seats , punctual departures , on-board golf courses , etc .
looked at the other way , paying the extra $ 54 to avoid the added risk ( and leaving aside other advantages of grown-up airlines , such as the delicious meals , roomy seats , punctual departures , on-board golf courses , [and so on] .

In any event , Monday is the day we update the `` Horse Race '' campaign pundits ' analysis , and give you instant reviews of the `` Other Magazines '' that come out Monday morning ( Time , Newsweek , The New Yorker , etc . )
in any event , monday is the day we update the `` horse race '' campaign pundits ' analysis , and give you instant reviews of the `` other magazines '' that come out monday morning ( time , newsweek , the new yorker , [and so on] . )

The software was then exposed to extreme conditions : zero gravity , below-freezing temperatures , peanut butter in the disk drive , elderly grandparents with their first computers , etc .
the software was then exposed to extreme conditions : zero gravity , below-freezing temperatures , peanut butter in the disk drive , elderly grandparents with their first computers , [and so on] .

Of course , in the United States ( and other Western countries ) , the corporate elite has to worry about public sentiment , expressed not only in elections but in organized opposition ( however weak , there still is some ) from the labor movement , the environmental movement , etc .
of course , in the united states ( and other western countries ) , the corporate elite has to worry about public sentiment , expressed not only in elections but in organized opposition ( however weak , there still is some ) from the labor movement , the environmental movement , [and so on] .

I would make it a distinct crime that would have to be charged ( and proved ) separately from charges of murder , assault , etc .
i would make it a distinct crime that would have to be charged ( and proved ) separately from charges of murder , assault , [and so on] .

In sports news today , George Vescey had a good column in the Times begging all politicians and elected officials to stay away from baseball , football , basketball games , etc .
in sports news today , george vescey had a good column in the times begging all politicians and elected officials to stay away from baseball , football , basketball games , [and so on] .

I agree that the president and Congress has less to do with the economy than is believed , and what they take credit for when things are going well , but I do n't believe that GM , Microsoft , GE , etc .
i agree that the president and congress has less to do with the economy than is believed , and what they take credit for when things are going well , but i do n't believe that gm , microsoft , ge , [and so on] .

I 'm with you on most social issues : pro-choice , obviously pro-First Amendment , pro-gay rights , etc .
i 'm with you on most social issues : pro-choice , obviously pro-first amendment , pro-gay rights , [and so on] .

Besides the communications breakthrough , what 's today 's equivalent of the sexual revolution , the feminist movement , etc . ?
besides the communications breakthrough , what 's today 's equivalent of the sexual revolution , the feminist movement , [and so on] . ?

Yahoo was up over 7 points etc. , etc .
yahoo was up over 7 points etc. , [and so on] .

Yes , of course , there is the massive hypocrisy of the American public when they say in polls that the media is scum : They love all the coverage , love the Lady Di and Royal Family hagiography , etc .
yes , of course , there is the massive hypocrisy of the american public when they say in polls that the media is scum : they love all the coverage , love the lady di and royal family hagiography , [and so on] .

One is his valuation of rock 's lesser-known collaborators ( Glenn Matlock , John Cale , etc . ) .
one is his valuation of rock 's lesser-known collaborators ( glenn matlock , john cale , [and so on] . ) .

In general I prefer Democrats because they 're not beholden to the Christian right and the anti-abortion movement , they 're less likely to make totally Neanderthal court appointments , etc .
in general i prefer democrats because they 're not beholden to the christian right and the anti-abortion movement , they 're less likely to make totally neanderthal court appointments , [and so on] .

From what I read , we 're in the middle of an endless euphoric economic boom and lots of jobs at rising wages , while what I see is a shaky stock market , technology companies unable to unload their overstock of computers , continuing layoffs , people losing good jobs and getting part-time , lower-paid , benefitless jobs instead , etc. , etc .
from what i read , we 're in the middle of an endless euphoric economic boom and lots of jobs at rising wages , while what i see is a shaky stock market , technology companies unable to unload their overstock of computers , continuing layoffs , people losing good jobs and getting part-time , lower-paid , benefitless jobs instead , etc. , [and so on] .

It 's about a pattern of obstruction of justice and perjury dating back to his years as governor , etc .
it 's about a pattern of obstruction of justice and perjury dating back to his years as governor , [and so on] .

White House officials are tallying and comparing all the different stories Lewinsky has told about Clinton ( to Tripp , to friends , in her affidavit , to Vernon Jordan , etc . )
white house officials are tallying and comparing all the different stories lewinsky has told about clinton ( to tripp , to friends , in her affidavit , to vernon jordan , [and so on] . )

Insert usual caveats here : `` till Aug. 17 , '' `` DNA testing by the FBI , '' `` unreliable witness , '' etc . )
insert usual caveats here : `` till aug. 17 , '' `` dna testing by the fbi , '' `` unreliable witness , '' [and so on] . )

Most professional and academic groups ( Writers Guild of America , American Bar Association , American Historical Association , etc . )
most professional and academic groups ( writers guild of america , american bar association , american historical association , [and so on] . )

Initial test shows no DNA , Starr does n't say anything , hopes Clinton will assume he 's pursuing Option B , etc .
initial test shows no dna , starr does n't say anything , hopes clinton will assume he 's pursuing option b , [and so on] .

Clinton would n't perjure himself and , as I argued Sunday , an apology is likely to kill the appetite for any impeachment hearings ( over obstruction , Whitewater , Filegate , etc . ) .
clinton would n't perjure himself and , as i argued sunday , an apology is likely to kill the appetite for any impeachment hearings ( over obstruction , whitewater , filegate , [and so on] . ) .

Of course , you do n't get it back if it was someone else 's idea or if they 've kept it active by ploughing more money into it , etc .
of course , you do n't get it back if it was someone else 's idea or if they 've kept it active by ploughing more money into it , [and so on] .

I know this : I am about to make a movie that takes place in the '80s , and when you make a list of what the '80s were , you come down to a list of what they were n't : no cell phones , no color computers , no SUVs , no botox , no Starbucks , no Web sites , no *69 , etc .
i know this : i am about to make a movie that takes place in the '80s , and when you make a list of what the '80s were , you come down to a list of what they were n't : no cell phones , no color computers , no suvs , no botox , no starbucks , no web sites , no *69 , [and so on] .

Anyhow , I have an impolitic question : Have any of the big disasters we 've been serially warned about for the last 20 years ( multiple hurricanes , one or two comets , mobs of starving children post-welfare-reform , etc . )
anyhow , i have an impolitic question : have any of the big disasters we 've been serially warned about for the last 20 years ( multiple hurricanes , one or two comets , mobs of starving children post-welfare-reform , [and so on] . )

McCourt is the pixie-faced , white-haired , thick-brogued raconteur who wrote Angela 's Ashes , a Bildungsroman explaining how the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk from Limerick , Ireland , became the kind of man who could write a witty , heartbreaking memoir about being the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk , etc .
mccourt is the pixie-faced , white-haired , thick-brogued raconteur who wrote angela 's ashes , a bildungsroman explaining how the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk from limerick , ireland , became the kind of man who could write a witty , heartbreaking memoir about being the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk , [and so on] .

I think Rudy 's a great mayor , by the way , and a city probably needs a Fascist to run it , etc .
i think rudy 's a great mayor , by the way , and a city probably needs a fascist to run it , [and so on] .

I , too , love cities -- as a resident , tourist , professional visitor , etc .
i , too , love cities -- as a resident , tourist , professional visitor , [and so on] .

Here Lemann has a stronger point , but no society has been able to figure out a better arena , even though school is not the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur or a politician , run a business or a country , become an artist , etc .
here lemann has a stronger point , but no society has been able to figure out a better arena , even though school is not the best place to learn how to become an entrepreneur or a politician , run a business or a country , become an artist , [and so on] .

The term `` Post-Modernism '' turns up again and again in these essays and interviews , and it comes as a surprise to find it applied a quarter-century ago , not to metareferences in knowing television serials but to the work of Barthelme and his coevals John Barth , John Hawkes , Robert Coover , William Gass , etc .
the term `` post-modernism '' turns up again and again in these essays and interviews , and it comes as a surprise to find it applied a quarter-century ago , not to metareferences in knowing television serials but to the work of barthelme and his coevals john barth , john hawkes , robert coover , william gass , [and so on] .

George Will stated without dissent that the surplus is an accounting trick : If the balance sheet were to include the trust funds ( Social Security , etc .
george will stated without dissent that the surplus is an accounting trick : if the balance sheet were to include the trust funds ( social security , [and so on] .

I know , to some extent , my own support for ( and admiration of ) gay couples , fidelity , marriage etc .
i know , to some extent , my own support for ( and admiration of ) gay couples , fidelity , marriage [and so on] .

I 'm a Amendment absolutist , a solid believer in gender and racial equality of opportunity , etc , etc .
i 'm a amendment absolutist , a solid believer in gender and racial equality of opportunity , [and so on] , [and so on] .

For the entire school year , imagine : no campus Scorsese retrospectives ( Taxi Driver and Goodfellas were on the list ) ; no Joan Crawford or Billy Wilder series ( Mildred Pierce , Some Like It Hot ) ; etc .
for the entire school year , imagine : no campus scorsese retrospectives ( taxi driver and goodfellas were on the list ) ; no joan crawford or billy wilder series ( mildred pierce , some like it hot ) ; [and so on] .

It 's wham-bam : An album is n't catching on in a week or two ( as measured by Soundscan ) and the plug gets pulled on promotion , the CD gets pulled from racks , etc .
it 's wham-bam : an album is n't catching on in a week or two ( as measured by soundscan ) and the plug gets pulled on promotion , the cd gets pulled from racks , [and so on] .

The system is the UPC or in the case of books a EAN/ISBN number that when a book is scanned by a retailer identifies the book , format , suggested price point , genre , etc .
the system is the upc or in the case of books a ean/isbn number that when a book is scanned by a retailer identifies the book , format , suggested price point , genre , [and so on] .

Really tired of the LEFT jokes , insults , etc .
really tired of the left jokes , insults , [and so on] .

An article says the Defense Department could save $ 30 billion a year by hiring private contractors to run PXs , process paychecks , operate day-care centers , etc .
an article says the defense department could save $ 30 billion a year by hiring private contractors to run pxs , process paychecks , operate day-care centers , [and so on] .

A cover story advises workers to exploit the best job market in history by milking their employers for higher pay , flex time , continuing education , shorter hours , gym memberships , etc .
a cover story advises workers to exploit the best job market in history by milking their employers for higher pay , flex time , continuing education , shorter hours , gym memberships , [and so on] .

The cover story describes how Clinton 's `` attack machine '' of private investigators , lawyers , and spin doctors deflects the various White House scandals ( Travelgate , Paula Jones , Troopergate , etc . ) .
the cover story describes how clinton 's `` attack machine '' of private investigators , lawyers , and spin doctors deflects the various white house scandals ( travelgate , paula jones , troopergate , [and so on] . ) .

On the one hand , anarchy engulfs Sudan , Zaire , and other nations , and this chaos helps spread nasty diseases ( malaria , cholera , AIDS , etc . )
on the one hand , anarchy engulfs sudan , zaire , and other nations , and this chaos helps spread nasty diseases ( malaria , cholera , aids , [and so on] . )

A writer proposes a grand unified theory of stardom : Celebrityhood always lasts three years ( David Letterman , 1992-95 ; Ronald Reagan , 1983-86 ; etc .
a writer proposes a grand unified theory of stardom : celebrityhood always lasts three years ( david letterman , 1992-95 ; ronald reagan , 1983-86 ; [and so on] .

As in the Hollywood and publishing issues , the centerpiece of the music edition is a chart of corporate conglomeration : Six companies ( Time-Warner , Sony , EMI , etc . )
as in the hollywood and publishing issues , the centerpiece of the music edition is a chart of corporate conglomeration : six companies ( time-warner , sony , emi , [and so on] . )

In Time , a package of stories celebrates U.S. prosperity , saying that the country is in better shape than it 's been in decades : The economy is humming , crime and divorce rates are falling , etc .
in time , a package of stories celebrates u.s. prosperity , saying that the country is in better shape than it 's been in decades : the economy is humming , crime and divorce rates are falling , [and so on] .

A long feature frets about China 's weakness : It 's plagued by poverty , inequality , pollution , etc .
a long feature frets about china 's weakness : it 's plagued by poverty , inequality , pollution , [and so on] .

A fold-out chart depicts how a few conglomerates ( News Corp. , Hearst , Viacom , Advance , etc . )
a fold-out chart depicts how a few conglomerates ( news corp. , hearst , viacom , advance , [and so on] . )

The cover story deplores the overdiagnosis of learning disabilities : LD advocates say that as many as 50 million Americans are learning-disabled ; critics say that students claim impairment to extract special treatment from schools ( extra tutoring , extra time on tests , etc . ) .
the cover story deplores the overdiagnosis of learning disabilities : ld advocates say that as many as 50 million americans are learning-disabled ; critics say that students claim impairment to extract special treatment from schools ( extra tutoring , extra time on tests , [and so on] . ) .

A long , related story lists the ways that governments hype exports ( exchange-rate manipulation , subsidized R & D , trade missions , etc .
a long , related story lists the ways that governments hype exports ( exchange-rate manipulation , subsidized r & d , trade missions , [and so on] .

A long story on Robert Kennedy 's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles ( Joe 's divorce , Michael 's babysitter affair , etc . ) .
a long story on robert kennedy 's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles ( joe 's divorce , michael 's babysitter affair , [and so on] . ) .

The Nation 's liberalism clashes with its libertarianism : The cover package wonders if the Amendment needs to be revised to limit commercial speech ( campaign contributions , cigarette ads , etc . ) .
the nation 's liberalism clashes with its libertarianism : the cover package wonders if the amendment needs to be revised to limit commercial speech ( campaign contributions , cigarette ads , [and so on] . ) .

Californian hurricanes , African drought , destruction of Pacific fish and seabird populations , floods in South America , etc .
californian hurricanes , african drought , destruction of pacific fish and seabird populations , floods in south america , [and so on] .

A long story on Robert Kennedy 's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles ( Joe 's divorce , Michael 's babysitter affair , etc . ) .
a long story on robert kennedy 's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles ( joe 's divorce , michael 's babysitter affair , [and so on] . ) .

Most of the coverage is steeped in the particulars of the memos , etc .
most of the coverage is steeped in the particulars of the memos , [and so on] .

Safire dismisses the exculpatory remarks by Hubbell concerning Hillary 's innocence , etc .
safire dismisses the exculpatory remarks by hubbell concerning hillary 's innocence , [and so on] .

Along the way , he dropped his fake-sounding FM voice and became a `` shock jock , '' talking more and more about himself , sex , sex with his wife , etc .
along the way , he dropped his fake-sounding fm voice and became a `` shock jock , '' talking more and more about himself , sex , sex with his wife , [and so on] .

Interested in fashion since childhood , she opened a boutique called Selena Etc .
interested in fashion since childhood , she opened a boutique called selena [and so on] .

The cashier must be paid , the cash register bought , the bookkeeper hired , etc .
the cashier must be paid , the cash register bought , the bookkeeper hired , [and so on] .

Just a short note to get the ball rolling this morning : I know this is a national forum and all , but since the other Breakfast Table participants I 've read seemed to have no qualms about discussing what was in their local news ( Long Island politics , the New York Senate race , etc .
just a short note to get the ball rolling this morning : i know this is a national forum and all , but since the other breakfast table participants i 've read seemed to have no qualms about discussing what was in their local news ( long island politics , the new york senate race , [and so on] .

If Microsoft ( which owns Slate ) were to make the Windows source code public , competitors could use this information to market Windows clones or alter their operating systems ( Linux , Mac OS , etc . )
if microsoft ( which owns slate ) were to make the windows source code public , competitors could use this information to market windows clones or alter their operating systems ( linux , mac os , [and so on] . )

My heart aches for the days of the old Spy , when columnists hid behind pseudonyms , skewered Abe `` I 'm Writing as Bad as I Can '' Rosenthal and other Times men , and recounted delicious personal details about editors I 'd never heard of who left the bathroom without washing their hands , etc .
my heart aches for the days of the old spy , when columnists hid behind pseudonyms , skewered abe `` i 'm writing as bad as i can '' rosenthal and other times men , and recounted delicious personal details about editors i 'd never heard of who left the bathroom without washing their hands , [and so on] .

That issue could easily be turned against the anointed candidate -- '' Hillary and the bosses want to keep poor candidate X off the ballot , '' etc .
that issue could easily be turned against the anointed candidate -- '' hillary and the bosses want to keep poor candidate x off the ballot , '' [and so on] .

I remember being amazed when I moved to Little Rock by how seriously people -- -even the relatively worldly , cynical newspaper people I worked with -- took the usual attacks on Arkansas ( that it 's corrupt , politically incestuous , culturally backward , etc . ) .
i remember being amazed when i moved to little rock by how seriously people -- -even the relatively worldly , cynical newspaper people i worked with -- took the usual attacks on arkansas ( that it 's corrupt , politically incestuous , culturally backward , [and so on] . ) .

If so , the paper should have explained how it squares with past U.S. support for Afghanistan forces against the Soviets and for contras against the Nicaraguan government , or for Israel against various Arab countries , etc .
if so , the paper should have explained how it squares with past u.s. support for afghanistan forces against the soviets and for contras against the nicaraguan government , or for israel against various arab countries , [and so on] .

In those seven lines , freighted with the layered voice of European culture , Dante 's vision of paradise is invoked both explicitly , in the `` concentric radiance '' of the last canto of his Paradiso , and implicitly , in his braided terza rima ( three-line stanzas , rhyming -- loosely here -- aba , bcb , etc . ) .
in those seven lines , freighted with the layered voice of european culture , dante 's vision of paradise is invoked both explicitly , in the `` concentric radiance '' of the last canto of his paradiso , and implicitly , in his braided terza rima ( three-line stanzas , rhyming -- loosely here -- aba , bcb , [and so on] . ) .

Indeed , what distinguishes psychoanalysis is that it can show us the ways in which a life is not merely the effect of its causes ( biology , parents , etc .
indeed , what distinguishes psychoanalysis is that it can show us the ways in which a life is not merely the effect of its causes ( biology , parents , [and so on] .

In the written epic , Darger himself appears as several different characters , on both sides of the conflict -- private Darger , Darger the war correspondent , volcanology expert Hendro Dargar , etc .
in the written epic , darger himself appears as several different characters , on both sides of the conflict -- private darger , darger the war correspondent , volcanology expert hendro dargar , [and so on] .

Renoir went so far as to write a manifesto in 1884 for a society of `` Irregularists '' -- to include such sworn enemies of mechanical perfection as `` painters , decorators , architects , goldsmiths , embroiderers , etc . ''
renoir went so far as to write a manifesto in 1884 for a society of `` irregularists '' -- to include such sworn enemies of mechanical perfection as `` painters , decorators , architects , goldsmiths , embroiderers , [and so on] . ''

Lawrence draws large spirals composed of hundreds of calendar dates ( `` 12/2/95 , 12/7/95 , 1/1/96 , 1/5/96 , '' etc .
lawrence draws large spirals composed of hundreds of calendar dates ( `` 12/2/95 , 12/7/95 , 1/1/96 , 1/5/96 , '' [and so on] .

There are hundreds of tricks to pass the blame -- the student did n't study ; the student just is n't bright ; the student must have had a bad day , etc .
there are hundreds of tricks to pass the blame -- the student did n't study ; the student just is n't bright ; the student must have had a bad day , [and so on] .

Thus , in that version , quite invisibly , the network is now able to identify all sorts of facts about you -- whether you are an American , whether you are over 18 , where you live , etc .
thus , in that version , quite invisibly , the network is now able to identify all sorts of facts about you -- whether you are an american , whether you are over 18 , where you live , [and so on] .

Finally , there 's Vegas , where every aspect of a casino 's design is meant to keep you inside -- hence the confusing layout , the paucity of exit signs , the lack of clocks , etc .
finally , there 's vegas , where every aspect of a casino 's design is meant to keep you inside -- hence the confusing layout , the paucity of exit signs , the lack of clocks , [and so on] .

Freedom of the press belongs to those who own one , etc .
freedom of the press belongs to those who own one , [and so on] .

Anyone who 's ever glanced at an issue of Commentary will recognize Frum 's targets : the rights explosion , the loss of faith in institutions , the sexual revolution , the rise of the underclass , license , rudeness , etc. , etc .
anyone who 's ever glanced at an issue of commentary will recognize frum 's targets : the rights explosion , the loss of faith in institutions , the sexual revolution , the rise of the underclass , license , rudeness , etc. , [and so on] .

Allow me to share a portion of a missive that came my way today from our editor : `` Let us in on the process of how you mine the news for subjects , what strikes you as funny , how MAD chooses its targets , etc .
allow me to share a portion of a missive that came my way today from our editor : `` let us in on the process of how you mine the news for subjects , what strikes you as funny , how mad chooses its targets , [and so on] .

We 'd also love to hear your reviews of the newspapers ' attempts to be funny , from political cartoons to columns from the likes of Maureen D , Molly Ivins , Dave Barry , etc . ''
we 'd also love to hear your reviews of the newspapers ' attempts to be funny , from political cartoons to columns from the likes of maureen d , molly ivins , dave barry , [and so on] . ''

Expectations are just too ridiculously high ( i.e. , the comparison to Alexander Nevsky in the Times , etc . ) .
expectations are just too ridiculously high ( i.e. , the comparison to alexander nevsky in the times , [and so on] . ) .

In many states , the voters elect the attorney general , secretary of state , treasurer , etc .
in many states , the voters elect the attorney general , secretary of state , treasurer , [and so on] .

Should teams now attempt to reform their athletes views on other issues , women , etc ?
should teams now attempt to reform their athletes views on other issues , women , [and so on] ?

After all , even if some other house published these books , MTV would reap the benefits of licensing , royalties , etc .
after all , even if some other house published these books , mtv would reap the benefits of licensing , royalties , [and so on] .

Lots of operations are gross -- leg amputations , burn surgery , removal of facial tumors , etc .
lots of operations are gross -- leg amputations , burn surgery , removal of facial tumors , [and so on] .

Profiles of Philbin are tedious because he has revealed everything on the show ( his latest squabble with his wife , etc . ) .
profiles of philbin are tedious because he has revealed everything on the show ( his latest squabble with his wife , [and so on] . ) .

You remember the jokes : Quayle misspelled `` potato , '' botched the United Negro College Fund slogan ( `` What a waste it is to lose one 's mind '' ) , etc .
you remember the jokes : quayle misspelled `` potato , '' botched the united negro college fund slogan ( `` what a waste it is to lose one 's mind '' ) , [and so on] .

His weakness is that he 's ignorant of world affairs ( `` Grecians , '' `` Kosovians , '' etc . )
his weakness is that he 's ignorant of world affairs ( `` grecians , '' `` kosovians , '' [and so on] . )

What was troubling was not so much that , but the other entries -- including , `` how friend responded to death of ( her ) father , '' i.e. , flowers , card , etc .
what was troubling was not so much that , but the other entries -- including , `` how friend responded to death of ( her ) father , '' i.e. , flowers , card , [and so on] .

Showgirls ( based in the Dominican Republic ) offers all the usual games -- craps , roulette , etc .
showgirls ( based in the dominican republic ) offers all the usual games -- craps , roulette , [and so on] .

Better your correspondent should be the aunt these girls can go to for advice , support , kind words , etc .
better your correspondent should be the aunt these girls can go to for advice , support , kind words , [and so on] .

Dogma is the first time that Smith -- whose clunky direction in Chasing Amy ( 1997 ) did his skillful script no favors -- seems interested in moving the camera , composing the frame , editing , etc .
dogma is the first time that smith -- whose clunky direction in chasing amy ( 1997 ) did his skillful script no favors -- seems interested in moving the camera , composing the frame , editing , [and so on] .

People vs. Lyons , etc .
people vs. lyons , [and so on] .

The same goes for love of kin generally -- brothers , sisters , nephews , etc .
the same goes for love of kin generally -- brothers , sisters , nephews , [and so on] .

It 's true that he 's a Scientologist ( like John Travolta , Chick Corea , etc . ) .
it 's true that he 's a scientologist ( like john travolta , chick corea , [and so on] . ) .

That 's true in spades for society 's biggest role models -- senators , presidents , etc .
that 's true in spades for society 's biggest role models -- senators , presidents , [and so on] .

If there is ever to be one , it will have to resemble this treaty at least broadly : surprise inspections of suspicious sites , the economic and moral ostracism of nations that do n't cooperate , etc .
if there is ever to be one , it will have to resemble this treaty at least broadly : surprise inspections of suspicious sites , the economic and moral ostracism of nations that do n't cooperate , [and so on] .

If this theory were true , you 'd expect parents with a lot of bequeathable wealth ( stocks , bonds , etc . )
if this theory were true , you 'd expect parents with a lot of bequeathable wealth ( stocks , bonds , [and so on] . )

She has to be pretty confident in her mentoring skills to believe that they 're worth more than what $ 100 an hour could buy for a kid ( not gym shoes but professional tutoring and counseling , health care , etc .
she has to be pretty confident in her mentoring skills to believe that they 're worth more than what $ 100 an hour could buy for a kid ( not gym shoes but professional tutoring and counseling , health care , [and so on] .

Remind readers of the experiments done on children , get a reading on the other bomb plants , etc .
remind readers of the experiments done on children , get a reading on the other bomb plants , [and so on] .

Information technology had been playing an increasing role in industrial production since after the Second World War , when the field of `` operations research '' ( inventory control , etc . )
information technology had been playing an increasing role in industrial production since after the second world war , when the field of `` operations research '' ( inventory control , [and so on] . )

Maybe Norman , but not Thomas or Philip or William or John , as far as I can tell ) , Sarah Jessica Parker , Pierce Brosnan , Todd Solondz , Paul Newman , Kevin Bacon , Kyra Sedgewick , etc .
maybe norman , but not thomas or philip or william or john , as far as i can tell ) , sarah jessica parker , pierce brosnan , todd solondz , paul newman , kevin bacon , kyra sedgewick , [and so on] .

Another aspect of our future that he mentions , but fails to really investigate , is his criticism of `` groups '' ( `` blacks , '' hippies , women , etc . )
another aspect of our future that he mentions , but fails to really investigate , is his criticism of `` groups '' ( `` blacks , '' hippies , women , [and so on] . )

Bell 's world , circa 1973 , was one where Marxism seemed important , the U.S.S.R. appeared powerful , and `` group '' politics was poised to tear American democracy apart with tribalism ( women 's rights , black power , hippies , labor , etc . ) .
bell 's world , circa 1973 , was one where marxism seemed important , the u.s.s.r. appeared powerful , and `` group '' politics was poised to tear american democracy apart with tribalism ( women 's rights , black power , hippies , labor , [and so on] . ) .

If you take most large industries ( and automobiles , to use Surowiecki 's example , are no exception ) , businesses purchase a lot of goods -- on parity with consumers in some industries ( like automobiles ) , but also in far greater quantities in others ( energy , telecommunications , office supply goods , construction goods , etc . ) .
if you take most large industries ( and automobiles , to use surowiecki 's example , are no exception ) , businesses purchase a lot of goods -- on parity with consumers in some industries ( like automobiles ) , but also in far greater quantities in others ( energy , telecommunications , office supply goods , construction goods , [and so on] . ) .

Furthermore , the economies of scale you get by focusing on B2B are enormous : To take the example of the automobile , while a consumer may make a single purchase , amounting to $ 20K in net revenue , when the City of New York ( or Philadelphia , or LA , etc . )
furthermore , the economies of scale you get by focusing on b2b are enormous : to take the example of the automobile , while a consumer may make a single purchase , amounting to $ 20k in net revenue , when the city of new york ( or philadelphia , or la , [and so on] . )

Since that is a large part of this question , I will ask you to disregard this question if you consider homosexuality immoral , wrong , Satan 's work , etc. , etc .
since that is a large part of this question , i will ask you to disregard this question if you consider homosexuality immoral , wrong , satan 's work , etc. , [and so on] .

Against all this , Morris shows footage of Leuchter chiseling at Auschwitz and even adds some of his own , along with slow-motion shots of hammers bashing rocks , walls , floors , etc .
against all this , morris shows footage of leuchter chiseling at auschwitz and even adds some of his own , along with slow-motion shots of hammers bashing rocks , walls , floors , [and so on] .

Clinton has already co-opted Republicans on welfare , family values , the death penalty , crime , etc .
clinton has already co-opted republicans on welfare , family values , the death penalty , crime , [and so on] .

I am an attractive single woman , and he has spent a fair amount of time getting to know me and taking me to nice dinners , dancing , etc .
i am an attractive single woman , and he has spent a fair amount of time getting to know me and taking me to nice dinners , dancing , [and so on] .

Etc .
[and so on] .

Etc .
[and so on] .

Etc . )
[and so on] . )

This tightfistedness set the table for the current boom , leading to low interest rates , job growth , the Wall Street explosion , etc .
this tightfistedness set the table for the current boom , leading to low interest rates , job growth , the wall street explosion , [and so on] .

A recent cover story argued that the bombing was dubious because a ) the United States was just as brutal in Vietnam as the Serbs are now ; b ) the United States ignores similarly horrific ethnic cleansings in Turkey , Rwanda , etc .
a recent cover story argued that the bombing was dubious because a ) the united states was just as brutal in vietnam as the serbs are now ; b ) the united states ignores similarly horrific ethnic cleansings in turkey , rwanda , [and so on] .

Bradley , who has belittled Gore 's microproposals ( sprawl , traffic , etc .
bradley , who has belittled gore 's microproposals ( sprawl , traffic , [and so on] .

Countries , he tells us , have economic operating systems of different degrees of sophistication , which he dubs DOScaptial 1.0 , 2.0 , etc .
countries , he tells us , have economic operating systems of different degrees of sophistication , which he dubs doscaptial 1.0 , 2.0 , [and so on] .

Given U.S. brutality in South Vietnam and its failure to stop other horrors ( Rwanda , Sierra Leone , etc .
given u.s. brutality in south vietnam and its failure to stop other horrors ( rwanda , sierra leone , [and so on] .

I frankly do n't know what to make of Besieged , which attempts to forge a complicated relationship between its protagonists through `` pure cinema , '' and has won admiration for being allusive , elusive , elliptical , and other words that begin with `` a '' and `` e '' ( enigmatic , ambivalent , evocative , etc . ) .
i frankly do n't know what to make of besieged , which attempts to forge a complicated relationship between its protagonists through `` pure cinema , '' and has won admiration for being allusive , elusive , elliptical , and other words that begin with `` a '' and `` e '' ( enigmatic , ambivalent , evocative , [and so on] . ) .

For as long as anyone can remember , the men in this family always forgot my mother-in-law 's birthday , Mother 's Day , etc .
for as long as anyone can remember , the men in this family always forgot my mother-in-law 's birthday , mother 's day , [and so on] .

Back then we had no guns in high schools , no drive-by shootings , no graffiti on the walls , etc .
back then we had no guns in high schools , no drive-by shootings , no graffiti on the walls , [and so on] .

I really do like TheStreet.com and Slate , and I have my own conflicts ( I work for Morningstar , whose site at www.morningstar.net is a competitor to TheStreet.com , a supplier to MoneyCentral , etc . ) .
i really do like thestreet.com and slate , and i have my own conflicts ( i work for morningstar , whose site at www.morningstar.net is a competitor to thestreet.com , a supplier to moneycentral , [and so on] . ) .

It 's common knowledge that many big box office stars often borrow glittery gems for special occasions from the likes of Harry Winston , etc .
it 's common knowledge that many big box office stars often borrow glittery gems for special occasions from the likes of harry winston , [and so on] .

We talk on the phone often and try to get together regularly -- shopping , dinner , etc .
we talk on the phone often and try to get together regularly -- shopping , dinner , [and so on] .

Virtually everyone who 's anyone is depicted in an inside portfolio : Drew Barrymore ( `` The Nymph '' ) , Sean Connery and Michael Caine ( `` The Old Devils '' ) , Jodie Foster , Michelle Pfeiffer , and Meg Ryan ( `` The Three Graces '' ) , etc .
virtually everyone who 's anyone is depicted in an inside portfolio : drew barrymore ( `` the nymph '' ) , sean connery and michael caine ( `` the old devils '' ) , jodie foster , michelle pfeiffer , and meg ryan ( `` the three graces '' ) , [and so on] .

I told one guy from Night Scene in Biloxi , Miss. , that I was up to .67 Keillor Units , but that was just bravado and does n't include royalties , speaking fees , catalog sales , ancillary rights , etc .
i told one guy from night scene in biloxi , miss. , that i was up to .67 keillor units , but that was just bravado and does n't include royalties , speaking fees , catalog sales , ancillary rights , [and so on] .

Disaggregate : American interest groups want to hold China policy hostage to their pet issues -- security , democracy , Tibet , trade , etc .
disaggregate : american interest groups want to hold china policy hostage to their pet issues -- security , democracy , tibet , trade , [and so on] .

They are monochromatic : Democracy advocates judge China on its worst behavior toward dissidents and ignore any good behavior , while business apologists applaud China 's dynamism and do n't notice repression , espionage , etc .
they are monochromatic : democracy advocates judge china on its worst behavior toward dissidents and ignore any good behavior , while business apologists applaud china 's dynamism and do n't notice repression , espionage , [and so on] .

Take the long view : U.S. policy wobbles because it is always responding to the crisis du jour -- the Cox report , WTO , the latest suppression of dissidents , etc .
take the long view : u.s. policy wobbles because it is always responding to the crisis du jour -- the cox report , wto , the latest suppression of dissidents , [and so on] .

We already know a lot about the demand for insurance from available data on how much of it ( fire , life , disability , auto , etc . )
we already know a lot about the demand for insurance from available data on how much of it ( fire , life , disability , auto , [and so on] . )

Of course we evaluate ( unscientifically ) the merit -- the relative merit -- of novels , paintings , Dylan songs , New Yorker editors , etc .
of course we evaluate ( unscientifically ) the merit -- the relative merit -- of novels , paintings , dylan songs , new yorker editors , [and so on] .

Judges end up deciding how bosses treat their employees , how corporations treat their customers , etc .
judges end up deciding how bosses treat their employees , how corporations treat their customers , [and so on] .

This is true because the vast majority of tax revenue that is collected in the United States is regressive : sales taxes , property taxes ( which are passed on to renters , so paid by everyone ) , Social Security , etc .
this is true because the vast majority of tax revenue that is collected in the united states is regressive : sales taxes , property taxes ( which are passed on to renters , so paid by everyone ) , social security , [and so on] .

I know all this because I have spent the past week listening to Prepare To Win , a program of audiotapes and accompanying `` workbooks '' ( I 'm not kidding ) from the Republican National Committee -- four hours , 28 speakers ( senators , House members , etc .
i know all this because i have spent the past week listening to prepare to win , a program of audiotapes and accompanying `` workbooks '' ( i 'm not kidding ) from the republican national committee -- four hours , 28 speakers ( senators , house members , [and so on] .

Speakers urge you to pay attention to filing deadlines , hire a lawyer , form a kitchen Cabinet of friends who can rein you in if the campaign unhinges you , court community leaders and seek their endorsement before you announce , choreograph your announcement to maximize media coverage , etc .
speakers urge you to pay attention to filing deadlines , hire a lawyer , form a kitchen cabinet of friends who can rein you in if the campaign unhinges you , court community leaders and seek their endorsement before you announce , choreograph your announcement to maximize media coverage , [and so on] .

I am very interested in a man who is involved with several organizations that I fear keep people out due to sex , race , etc .
i am very interested in a man who is involved with several organizations that i fear keep people out due to sex , race , [and so on] .

I never do this in an unsafe driving situation -- i.e. , curves , crowded lanes , etc .
i never do this in an unsafe driving situation -- i.e. , curves , crowded lanes , [and so on] .

The plot : A nice Midwestern couple goes through the wringer in Manhattan ( lost luggage , muggings , etc ) .
the plot : a nice midwestern couple goes through the wringer in manhattan ( lost luggage , muggings , [and so on] ) .

They mean to say : Our advertisers are subject to long-term agreements , and our financial results will not depend , etc .
they mean to say : our advertisers are subject to long-term agreements , and our financial results will not depend , [and so on] .

Mainly positive reviews for Homes ' latest novel , which , like her other work , is designed to outrage : A corporation man gets genital tattoos , a bored suburban couple burn down their house on a whim , etc .
mainly positive reviews for homes ' latest novel , which , like her other work , is designed to outrage : a corporation man gets genital tattoos , a bored suburban couple burn down their house on a whim , [and so on] .

Instead of leaving normal notes , such as `` Please take out the garbage '' or `` Do n't forget to pick up milk on the way home , '' she leaves me long ( four page ) handwritten letters about concern for each other 's feelings , sharing chores , etc .
instead of leaving normal notes , such as `` please take out the garbage '' or `` do n't forget to pick up milk on the way home , '' she leaves me long ( four page ) handwritten letters about concern for each other 's feelings , sharing chores , [and so on] .

Starting at the Friedrich Hayek Scholar 's Page , click Research resources -- archives , societies , funding , web resources , etc .
starting at the friedrich hayek scholar 's page , click research resources -- archives , societies , funding , web resources , [and so on] .

My husband says they have two or three each week at his place of business ( woman pregnant , just gave birth , going to be engaged , married , found a lover , etc . )
my husband says they have two or three each week at his place of business ( woman pregnant , just gave birth , going to be engaged , married , found a lover , [and so on] . )

Try affinity groups , classes , volunteer groups of interest to you , singles ' nights at the supermarket , etc .
try affinity groups , classes , volunteer groups of interest to you , singles ' nights at the supermarket , [and so on] .

Sally is `` the redheaded , long nosed , thin girl , '' etc .
sally is `` the redheaded , long nosed , thin girl , '' [and so on] .

I , too , am sick of all the controversial opinions and hype regarding Viagra , but I must challenge your comments ( and those of all the others out there ) voicing concern that it is `` becoming a recreational drug , '' `` creating ersatz libido , '' etc .
i , too , am sick of all the controversial opinions and hype regarding viagra , but i must challenge your comments ( and those of all the others out there ) voicing concern that it is `` becoming a recreational drug , '' `` creating ersatz libido , '' [and so on] .

My instinct is to give her directions , which way to turn , how to get places , etc .
my instinct is to give her directions , which way to turn , how to get places , [and so on] .

In the case of stars , the main reason is marketing : Studios have found no better way to bring in audiences than through the lure of popular stars , who often command followings in specific age groups and can therefore help target a film to teen-agers , middle-aged women , etc .
in the case of stars , the main reason is marketing : studios have found no better way to bring in audiences than through the lure of popular stars , who often command followings in specific age groups and can therefore help target a film to teen-agers , middle-aged women , [and so on] .

Examples : night games , fireworks displays , giveaways , ladies ' nights , mascots , etc .
examples : night games , fireworks displays , giveaways , ladies ' nights , mascots , [and so on] .

Under the plan , an interim government organized by the PLO was established to assume control of internal security and civil administration -- education , garbage collection , etc .
under the plan , an interim government organized by the plo was established to assume control of internal security and civil administration -- education , garbage collection , [and so on] .

The biggest beefs are that the Nielsen numbers : 1 ) depend on people 's honesty and initiative -- filling out diaries , punching buttons , etc .
the biggest beefs are that the nielsen numbers : 1 ) depend on people 's honesty and initiative -- filling out diaries , punching buttons , [and so on] .

The chains sell 25 percent of all books ; nonbookstores ( department stores , grocery stores , discount outlets , etc . )
the chains sell 25 percent of all books ; nonbookstores ( department stores , grocery stores , discount outlets , [and so on] . )

Meanwhile , right-wing conspiracy theorists , like the British reporter Ambrose Evans-Pritchard , gloat that they have sounded the alarm about Clinton 's basic wickedness ( Whitewater , the Vince Foster murder , etc . )
meanwhile , right-wing conspiracy theorists , like the british reporter ambrose evans-pritchard , gloat that they have sounded the alarm about clinton 's basic wickedness ( whitewater , the vince foster murder , [and so on] . )

Four self-proclaimed hacks ( insert earnest demurral here : Oh , no , they 're actually extremely talented , etc. , etc. , etc . )
four self-proclaimed hacks ( insert earnest demurral here : oh , no , they 're actually extremely talented , etc. , etc. , [and so on] . )

Microsoft has been founding new journalistic institutions ( Slate , MSNBC , etc . )
microsoft has been founding new journalistic institutions ( slate , msnbc , [and so on] . )

The Slate `` Briefing '' Channel is an automatic daily download of new material from Slate 's Briefing section ( `` Today 's Papers , '' `` The Week/The Spin , '' `` Summary Judgment , '' `` In Other Magazines , '' etc . ) .
the slate `` briefing '' channel is an automatic daily download of new material from slate 's briefing section ( `` today 's papers , '' `` the week/the spin , '' `` summary judgment , '' `` in other magazines , '' [and so on] . ) .

The prize for giving to charity is , of course , the knowledge that you 're fulfilling a moral obligation and helping to make the world just a little bit , etc. , etc .
the prize for giving to charity is , of course , the knowledge that you 're fulfilling a moral obligation and helping to make the world just a little bit , etc. , [and so on] .

In working out plans for his various front groups and fronts-within-fronts , Gingrich speaks in a language consisting almost exclusively of acronyms ( COS , PFF , GOPAC , ALOF , AOW , ACT , RAC , and CONET , among others ) and abstract nouns ( opportunity , responsibility , civilization , vision , organization , analysis , dissemination , etc . ) .
in working out plans for his various front groups and fronts-within-fronts , gingrich speaks in a language consisting almost exclusively of acronyms ( cos , pff , gopac , alof , aow , act , rac , and conet , among others ) and abstract nouns ( opportunity , responsibility , civilization , vision , organization , analysis , dissemination , [and so on] . ) .

BTW , according to the `` Washington Wire '' column in today 's Wall Street Journal , `` A memo prepared before Barbour 's trip to China last year reminds an aide to brief him on Chinese 'protocol ' including 'burping , spitting , hookers in hotel , chopsticks , gifts , etc . ' ''
btw , according to the `` washington wire '' column in today 's wall street journal , `` a memo prepared before barbour 's trip to china last year reminds an aide to brief him on chinese 'protocol ' including 'burping , spitting , hookers in hotel , chopsticks , gifts , [and so on] . ' ''

The man says he wants to pay no import tax , he wants oil fields , he wants tax breaks , etc .
the man says he wants to pay no import tax , he wants oil fields , he wants tax breaks , [and so on] .

ETC .
[and so on] .

This stupid tautology bugged me immediately -- but then stupid tautologies are the hallmark of criminal regimes and successful ad campaigns everywhere ( `` Coke is It , '' `` Nixon 's the One , '' etc .
this stupid tautology bugged me immediately -- but then stupid tautologies are the hallmark of criminal regimes and successful ad campaigns everywhere ( `` coke is it , '' `` nixon 's the one , '' [and so on] .

The Los Angeles Times lead is just a poll story , the old news that Americans did n't like impeachment , want to get back to business , etc. , etc .
the los angeles times lead is just a poll story , the old news that americans did n't like impeachment , want to get back to business , etc. , [and so on] .

She has no difficulty in culling support for her thesis from the recent list of hot stories : the New Yorker succession , Time/CNN/sarin , Jim Fallows ' firing , Nina Burleigh on the Oral Office , Steven Brill , etc .
she has no difficulty in culling support for her thesis from the recent list of hot stories : the new yorker succession , time/cnn/sarin , jim fallows ' firing , nina burleigh on the oral office , steven brill , [and so on] .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the increased use of methamphetamines ( speed , crystal meth , etc . )
the los angeles times goes with the increased use of methamphetamines ( speed , crystal meth , [and so on] . )

It is not entirely clear whether Campbell was commenting on Hinduism , Buddhism , etc .
it is not entirely clear whether campbell was commenting on hinduism , buddhism , [and so on] .

Among examples of the first are spit and polish , on the spot , on the square , stick one 's neck out , etc .
among examples of the first are spit and polish , on the spot , on the square , stick one 's neck out , [and so on] .

Examples of the last include spill the beans , square the circle , stalemate , etc .
examples of the last include spill the beans , square the circle , stalemate , [and so on] .

Isoglosses are to dialect maps what isobars and isotherms are to weather maps , what isobaths are to geophysical maps of the oceans , etc .
isoglosses are to dialect maps what isobars and isotherms are to weather maps , what isobaths are to geophysical maps of the oceans , [and so on] .

Johnson dismissively defines Whig as the name of a faction and spitefully remarks that the term derives from whigamore denoting people from south-west counties of Scotland , whose poverty drove them to rise against the court and Scottish royal authority etc .
johnson dismissively defines whig as the name of a faction and spitefully remarks that the term derives from whigamore denoting people from south-west counties of scotland , whose poverty drove them to rise against the court and scottish royal authority [and so on] .

The book is organized under six major headings ( The Human Animal , Human Endeavor , etc .
the book is organized under six major headings ( the human animal , human endeavor , [and so on] .

There is no doubt that this one is here to stay -- at least for a while -- if its reflexes elsewhere ( Kein Problem , Pas de probléme , etc . )
there is no doubt that this one is here to stay -- at least for a while -- if its reflexes elsewhere ( kein problem , pas de probléme , [and so on] . )

The similarity ( in structure , rhythm , wording , etc . )
the similarity ( in structure , rhythm , wording , [and so on] . )

For eyelid , several Scandinavian languages have words ending with the element lok , etc .
for eyelid , several scandinavian languages have words ending with the element lok , [and so on] .

Those languages which show no difference in words for finger and toe do not necessarily suffer ( if that is the right word ) the lack of distinction between lid and lash , etc .
those languages which show no difference in words for finger and toe do not necessarily suffer ( if that is the right word ) the lack of distinction between lid and lash , [and so on] .

The first could be Latin , the second Japanese ( a language he had studied ) , the third might be true of a Celtic language , etc .
the first could be latin , the second japanese ( a language he had studied ) , the third might be true of a celtic language , [and so on] .

Of course , they should be able to choose how many citations , what language level they come from etc .
of course , they should be able to choose how many citations , what language level they come from [and so on] .

There is no nation or country on earth that does not have its own style of humor , hence the proliferation of Irish jokes , Jewish jokes , Russian jokes , Polish jokes , etc .
there is no nation or country on earth that does not have its own style of humor , hence the proliferation of irish jokes , jewish jokes , russian jokes , polish jokes , [and so on] .

As for the meaning to expect , literate Spanish speakers know that -- aside from using the noun expectativa -- the precise meaning is conveyed by employing the reflexive no me esperaba , no se esperaba , etc .
as for the meaning to expect , literate spanish speakers know that -- aside from using the noun expectativa -- the precise meaning is conveyed by employing the reflexive no me esperaba , no se esperaba , [and so on] .

I should not like to have to face the task of listing all the adverbs that might be used with the verb run , even if it is restricted to cars : smoothly , quietly , silently , uninterruptedly , fitfully , intermittently , efficiently , well , faultlessly , beautifully , perfectly , poorly , badly , sluggishly , economically , swiftly , rapidly , quickly -- and then one must be prepared to add the multi-word phrasal modifiers , like without a hitch , as if it would never stop , like a clock , like clockwork , etc .
i should not like to have to face the task of listing all the adverbs that might be used with the verb run , even if it is restricted to cars : smoothly , quietly , silently , uninterruptedly , fitfully , intermittently , efficiently , well , faultlessly , beautifully , perfectly , poorly , badly , sluggishly , economically , swiftly , rapidly , quickly -- and then one must be prepared to add the multi-word phrasal modifiers , like without a hitch , as if it would never stop , like a clock , like clockwork , [and so on] .

Although many articles , theoretical essays , and books have been written about metaphors , little effort has been made to investigate them systematically : as all of language is itself a metaphor ( unless one believes in logomancy ) , one is continually confronted in the compilation of an ordinary dictionary with examples of semantic and linguistic changes ( as well as amelioration , pejoration , etc . )
although many articles , theoretical essays , and books have been written about metaphors , little effort has been made to investigate them systematically : as all of language is itself a metaphor ( unless one believes in logomancy ) , one is continually confronted in the compilation of an ordinary dictionary with examples of semantic and linguistic changes ( as well as amelioration , pejoration , [and so on] . )

These are based on puns like camp as a row of tents , and on rhymes -- plates of meat etc .
these are based on puns like camp as a row of tents , and on rhymes -- plates of meat [and so on] .

Another group of metaphors excluded is the names of natural species such as footman and emperor moths , lady 's slipper , shepherd 's purse , porpoise , etc .
another group of metaphors excluded is the names of natural species such as footman and emperor moths , lady 's slipper , shepherd 's purse , porpoise , [and so on] .

French names for foods are common : poulet frit fried chicken Kentucky ; moules mussels ; frites French fries ; poutine French fries with curd cheese and gravy ( named after a Colonel Poutine who was in charge of provisions at the Siege of Quebec in 1749 ; at the end , the only stores remaining were potatoes , cheese , and chicken stock ; local folk etymology has it from putain , putanesca ) ; aubergine eggplant ( the usual word in Britain ) ; jarret de boeuf shin of beef ; caribou a fortified sweet wine , etc .
french names for foods are common : poulet frit fried chicken kentucky ; moules mussels ; frites french fries ; poutine french fries with curd cheese and gravy ( named after a colonel poutine who was in charge of provisions at the siege of quebec in 1749 ; at the end , the only stores remaining were potatoes , cheese , and chicken stock ; local folk etymology has it from putain , putanesca ) ; aubergine eggplant ( the usual word in britain ) ; jarret de boeuf shin of beef ; caribou a fortified sweet wine , [and so on] .

Esophagus not oesophagus , etc .
esophagus not oesophagus , [and so on] .

The use of these terms is statutorily required , not only in official documents , but also in all business correspondence and advertising ( including labels , catalogues , waybills , etc .
the use of these terms is statutorily required , not only in official documents , but also in all business correspondence and advertising ( including labels , catalogues , waybills , [and so on] .

They have lots of men in France : rugbymen , tennismen , taximen , recordmen , comingmen , etc .
they have lots of men in france : rugbymen , tennismen , taximen , recordmen , comingmen , [and so on] .

The derivative forms ( qeren , etc . )
the derivative forms ( qeren , [and so on] . )

The true Sussexer has problems with the letter h , so one old traditional dish is the Plum 'eavy , the highway is naturally the ighway , etc .
the true sussexer has problems with the letter h , so one old traditional dish is the plum 'eavy , the highway is naturally the ighway , [and so on] .

It should also not be forgotten that in the rural languages there are also words referring to coins , money , etc .
it should also not be forgotten that in the rural languages there are also words referring to coins , money , [and so on] .

Some of the items in this category are words of long standing ( since the introduction of English in the Cape in the late eighteenth century ) that have often passed into international English : trek , veld , laager etc .
some of the items in this category are words of long standing ( since the introduction of english in the cape in the late eighteenth century ) that have often passed into international english : trek , veld , laager [and so on] .

PASSION ( 727-7466 ) to satisfy cravings , KWIKFIT ( 594-5348 ) ( but not ZIPPER , because a number can not start with a Z or zero ) for emergency tailoring services , etc .
passion ( 727-7466 ) to satisfy cravings , kwikfit ( 594-5348 ) ( but not zipper , because a number can not start with a z or zero ) for emergency tailoring services , [and so on] .

One may accept that sort of statement at face value ; in my view , it would have been more accurate ( and honest ) to say , I would n't be caught dead saying He do n't , etc .
one may accept that sort of statement at face value ; in my view , it would have been more accurate ( and honest ) to say , i would n't be caught dead saying he do n't , [and so on] .

The issue of pronoun agreement might be laid at the door of the feminists ' misguided interference with the forces of language , resulting in a nervous rejection of the masculine pronoun as the neutral one ; but , in truth , the sustenance of the singular nature of words like each , everybody , everyone , etc .
the issue of pronoun agreement might be laid at the door of the feminists ' misguided interference with the forces of language , resulting in a nervous rejection of the masculine pronoun as the neutral one ; but , in truth , the sustenance of the singular nature of words like each , everybody , everyone , [and so on] .

Despite the existence of English names like Winthrop , Windsor , Winston , Winchester , etc .
despite the existence of english names like winthrop , windsor , winston , winchester , [and so on] .

In the heart of the city one can now see businesses , barber shops , restaurants , ice-cream parlors , medical shops , etc .
in the heart of the city one can now see businesses , barber shops , restaurants , ice-cream parlors , medical shops , [and so on] .

The work has given English a small lode of unpleasantries : the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality ( the OED Supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms ) ; that government 's official language , Newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters ( “ revenue enhancement ” for “ tax increase , ” etc .
the work has given english a small lode of unpleasantries : the title itself connotes a society marked by government terror and propaganda destroying the public 's consciousness of reality ( the oed supplement also accepts 1984 and 1984-ish as adjective forms ) ; that government 's official language , newspeak , now indicates the propagandistic or ambiguous language of , among others , politicians , bureaucrats , and broadcasters ( “ revenue enhancement ” for “ tax increase , ” [and so on] .

For the “ down ” words , they prefer turning up , traveling North , etc .
for the “ down ” words , they prefer turning up , traveling north , [and so on] .

Phonic CEs are not very often used , probably because all suitable flags ( I hear , it sounds , say , etc . )
phonic ces are not very often used , probably because all suitable flags ( i hear , it sounds , say , [and so on] . )

More important , no mention has been made of the possibility of chopping the answer into convenient pieces which are separately represented in the clue by anagrams , synonyms , etc .
more important , no mention has been made of the possibility of chopping the answer into convenient pieces which are separately represented in the clue by anagrams , synonyms , [and so on] .

The bad hyphenations , apparently performed by a ( feeble-minded , misprogrammed ) computer and not reviewed by a ( knowledgeable ) proofreader , are inexcusable in a book of this kind : “ buc-ket ” ( at - ful ) ; prop-osed ( at irony ) ; “ sing-ular ” ( at kind of ) ; “ trad-itionally ” ( at or ) ; “ ostentati-ous ” ( at ostensible ) , etc .
the bad hyphenations , apparently performed by a ( feeble-minded , misprogrammed ) computer and not reviewed by a ( knowledgeable ) proofreader , are inexcusable in a book of this kind : “ buc-ket ” ( at - ful ) ; prop-osed ( at irony ) ; “ sing-ular ” ( at kind of ) ; “ trad-itionally ” ( at or ) ; “ ostentati-ous ” ( at ostensible ) , [and so on] .

The change from numble pie to umble pie to humble pie , attributed to “ some anonymous punster in the time of William the Conqueror , ” was actually due to the same influences that changed a napron to an apron in the first instance and to the characteristic weakening of the initial h in English , heard today in an historical , an hilarious , etc .
the change from numble pie to umble pie to humble pie , attributed to “ some anonymous punster in the time of william the conqueror , ” was actually due to the same influences that changed a napron to an apron in the first instance and to the characteristic weakening of the initial h in english , heard today in an historical , an hilarious , [and so on] .

In both cases , the point is exactly opposite that identified by Graham : it is the position , institution , authority , etc .
in both cases , the point is exactly opposite that identified by graham : it is the position , institution , authority , [and so on] .

In British English it is no longer considered a solecism to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , etc .
in british english it is no longer considered a solecism to use the plurals they , their , them , theirs as a generalized pronoun for words like eyeryone , everybody , anyone , anybody , [and so on] .

Thus , it has become standard ( British ) English to say or write , Everyone can get their copy at the bookshop , Everybody should make certain to take their own coat , etc .
thus , it has become standard ( british ) english to say or write , everyone can get their copy at the bookshop , everybody should make certain to take their own coat , [and so on] .

Chapter 6 discusses , under A Few More Words , a number of suffixes ( -trix , -ess , etc . )
chapter 6 discusses , under a few more words , a number of suffixes ( -trix , -ess , [and so on] . )

Don Quixote is listed in the Appendix , but I could not find him in the dictionary , nor could I find quixotic , Queen of Sheba , Jeeves , Venus , Einstein ( for ` genius ' ) , Hitler ( for ` demagogue , tryant ' ) , Attila the Hun ( for ` barbarian ' ) , Robinson Crusoe ( for ` castaway ; lonely person ' ) —but man Friday is in— Horatio Alger , Narcissus , etc .
don quixote is listed in the appendix , but i could not find him in the dictionary , nor could i find quixotic , queen of sheba , jeeves , venus , einstein ( for ` genius ' ) , hitler ( for ` demagogue , tryant ' ) , attila the hun ( for ` barbarian ' ) , robinson crusoe ( for ` castaway ; lonely person ' ) —but man friday is in— horatio alger , narcissus , [and so on] .

In addition CED alone enters water measurer ( a ` bug ' ) , Watford ( a ` town north of London ' ) , etc .
in addition ced alone enters water measurer ( a ` bug ' ) , watford ( a ` town north of london ' ) , [and so on] .

These differences are due to semantic change somewhere on the etymological chain ( Medieval Latin , French , Italian , English , etc . ) .
these differences are due to semantic change somewhere on the etymological chain ( medieval latin , french , italian , english , [and so on] . ) .

Though all are currently being used almost exclusively in plural form , they are treated as if they were singular , e.g. , a bacteria , etc .
though all are currently being used almost exclusively in plural form , they are treated as if they were singular , e.g. , a bacteria , [and so on] .

Why are we suddenly treated on page 16 to an incomplete list of -ine words ( bovine , feline , lupine , etc . ) ?
why are we suddenly treated on page 16 to an incomplete list of -ine words ( bovine , feline , lupine , [and so on] . ) ?

Some of these dictionaries contain notes describing contentious issues of usage ( e.g. , infer/imply , reason is because/that , etc .
some of these dictionaries contain notes describing contentious issues of usage ( e.g. , infer/imply , reason is because/that , [and so on] .

The notion of entry , as described many times in these pages , includes ( 1 ) head-word , ( 2 ) inflected forms ( which , in the sole case of the MW-III , includes regular inflections , which pumps up the entry count considerably ) , ( 3 ) changes in parts of speech , ( 4 ) embedded boldface entries ( like idioms and phrases ) , ( 5 ) run-on forms ( those that are added at the ends of entries to illustrate headwords with suffixes of transparent meaning added , e.g. , national and nationally run on to nation and nationalization run on to nationalize , ( 6 ) spelling variants ( like British honour , nationalise , nationalisation , etc . ) .
the notion of entry , as described many times in these pages , includes ( 1 ) head-word , ( 2 ) inflected forms ( which , in the sole case of the mw-iii , includes regular inflections , which pumps up the entry count considerably ) , ( 3 ) changes in parts of speech , ( 4 ) embedded boldface entries ( like idioms and phrases ) , ( 5 ) run-on forms ( those that are added at the ends of entries to illustrate headwords with suffixes of transparent meaning added , e.g. , national and nationally run on to nation and nationalization run on to nationalize , ( 6 ) spelling variants ( like british honour , nationalise , nationalisation , [and so on] . ) .

For the most part , despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism ( aimed , obviously , at 20th- and , presumably , 21st-century readers ) , what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of English , some of them pedants trying to establish ( or preserve ) some purity in the language , the remainder readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars , usage guides , pronunciation guides , spellers , etc .
for the most part , despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism ( aimed , obviously , at 20th- and , presumably , 21st-century readers ) , what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of english , some of them pedants trying to establish ( or preserve ) some purity in the language , the remainder readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars , usage guides , pronunciation guides , spellers , [and so on] .

For whatever reason , phrases such as pushing up daisies , breathed his last , is no more , gone to a better world , etc .
for whatever reason , phrases such as pushing up daisies , breathed his last , is no more , gone to a better world , [and so on] .

The nicknames can be shortened to Bazz , Shazz , etc .
the nicknames can be shortened to bazz , shazz , [and so on] .

The Oxford Companion to the English Language ( OCEL ) is missing an s at the end of its title , for it has headings for more than four hundred varieties of our multivaried mother tongue—Australian English , Singapore English , Indian English , Black Vernacular English , etc .
the oxford companion to the english language ( ocel ) is missing an s at the end of its title , for it has headings for more than four hundred varieties of our multivaried mother tongue—australian english , singapore english , indian english , black vernacular english , [and so on] .

Some of the varieties are unfamiliar , like Babu English , a mode of address and reference in several Indo-Aryan languages , including Hindi , for officials working forrajahs , landlords , etc .
some of the varieties are unfamiliar , like babu english , a mode of address and reference in several indo-aryan languages , including hindi , for officials working forrajahs , landlords , [and so on] .

Laurence Urdang Manual of Specialised Lexicography : The Preparation of Specialised Dictionaries In the decades during which I have been involved in the compilation , editing , revision , updating , adaptation , etc .
laurence urdang manual of specialised lexicography : the preparation of specialised dictionaries in the decades during which i have been involved in the compilation , editing , revision , updating , adaptation , [and so on] .

Many of the definitions use terms that are not themselves defined and are not always transparently clear , e.g. , postmodify , linguistic unit , etc .
many of the definitions use terms that are not themselves defined and are not always transparently clear , e.g. , postmodify , linguistic unit , [and so on] .

The sources of the citations range widely and include telephone conversations , classroom lessons , broadcast interviews , parliamentary debates , spontaneous commentaries , business transactions , news broadcasts , etc .
the sources of the citations range widely and include telephone conversations , classroom lessons , broadcast interviews , parliamentary debates , spontaneous commentaries , business transactions , news broadcasts , [and so on] .

If there is any justification for submerging them , then it must be that there is a semantic category of chain that suggests ` two-dimensional interlacing ' ( in contrast to linear interlocking ) , another that suggests the notion of ` interconnected sequence ' ( which would take care of chain-smoker , chain reaction , chain-stitch , etc .
if there is any justification for submerging them , then it must be that there is a semantic category of chain that suggests ` two-dimensional interlacing ' ( in contrast to linear interlocking ) , another that suggests the notion of ` interconnected sequence ' ( which would take care of chain-smoker , chain reaction , chain-stitch , [and so on] .

Its primary goal has been the provision of expert advice to broadcasters -- on the pronunciation of names , place names , foreign words , words from specialist vocabularies as various as music and sport , the Church and medicine , etc .
its primary goal has been the provision of expert advice to broadcasters -- on the pronunciation of names , place names , foreign words , words from specialist vocabularies as various as music and sport , the church and medicine , [and so on] .

The author makes an interesting attempt to account for several features of the runestones : the reason for their being left in Maine , the presence of Danish and other words in the inscriptions , the implications of runic inscriptions in which oghams occur together with runes , etc .
the author makes an interesting attempt to account for several features of the runestones : the reason for their being left in maine , the presence of danish and other words in the inscriptions , the implications of runic inscriptions in which oghams occur together with runes , [and so on] .

Alongside other features such as nonstandard vocabulary ( regional forms , slang , etc .
alongside other features such as nonstandard vocabulary ( regional forms , slang , [and so on] .

The phrase a number of is one of several that are commonly used , at least in American English , with reference to indefinite numbers , each of which has a slightly different significance : a few , several , a great many , numerous , etc .
the phrase a number of is one of several that are commonly used , at least in american english , with reference to indefinite numbers , each of which has a slightly different significance : a few , several , a great many , numerous , [and so on] .

Colored ( man , woman , person , people , etc . )
colored ( man , woman , person , people , [and so on] . )

The Introduction constitutes a brief but comprehensive course in pronunciation and a detailed description of the symbols used , both for English and for foreign pronunciations ( like that of the Welsh ll -sound , the German ü-sound and ö-sound , etc . ) .
the introduction constitutes a brief but comprehensive course in pronunciation and a detailed description of the symbols used , both for english and for foreign pronunciations ( like that of the welsh ll -sound , the german ü-sound and ö-sound , [and so on] . ) .

He writes , “ the r is not always completely dropped. ” I would defy him to find any r quality in the British Received Pronunciation of air fare , etc .
he writes , “ the r is not always completely dropped. ” i would defy him to find any r quality in the british received pronunciation of air fare , [and so on] .

The choice of entry is eclectic : Kotex is in , but not Tampax ( no pun ) ; many common names whose pronunciations are unlikely to be in doubt are in also : Kennedy , Johnson ( though the Swedish author ought to remain ) , John ( with a French pronunciation shown ) , John Bull , John Doe ( but not Richard Roe ) , Heston , Hicks , etc .
the choice of entry is eclectic : kotex is in , but not tampax ( no pun ) ; many common names whose pronunciations are unlikely to be in doubt are in also : kennedy , johnson ( though the swedish author ought to remain ) , john ( with a french pronunciation shown ) , john bull , john doe ( but not richard roe ) , heston , hicks , [and so on] .

Although most loanwords differ in form somewhat from their Hindi antecedents , the changes are largely minor orthographic ones , as the substitution of ch , gh , and sh for an original c , g , or s , etc .
although most loanwords differ in form somewhat from their hindi antecedents , the changes are largely minor orthographic ones , as the substitution of ch , gh , and sh for an original c , g , or s , [and so on] .

This is all the more astonishing when one considers that the publishers maintain full-time staffs of skilled lexicographers and editors to keep their dictionaries up to date by continuously monitoring both the language and other kinds of data , like population figures for geopolitical entries , death dates for biographical entries , etc .
this is all the more astonishing when one considers that the publishers maintain full-time staffs of skilled lexicographers and editors to keep their dictionaries up to date by continuously monitoring both the language and other kinds of data , like population figures for geopolitical entries , death dates for biographical entries , [and so on] .

I often think that it would not be untoward for a dictionary to add to its entries for words that also serve as labels ( e.g. , Colloquial , Informal , Slang , etc . )
i often think that it would not be untoward for a dictionary to add to its entries for words that also serve as labels ( e.g. , colloquial , informal , slang , [and so on] . )

It 's ... etc . ”
it 's ... [and so on] . ”

Prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/verb ambiguities like drop , rise , increase , decline , etc . ) .
prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/verb ambiguities like drop , rise , increase , decline , [and so on] . ) .

Though not mentioned in Bremner 's article , it beggars the imagination to contemplate what the Missouri mashers want a Chinese , Japanese , East Indian , etc .
though not mentioned in bremner 's article , it beggars the imagination to contemplate what the missouri mashers want a chinese , japanese , east indian , [and so on] .

Since I lived in South Florida , where real tropical exotica abound ( poisonous toads , walking catfish , two-foot-long green lizards from Cuba , etc . )
since i lived in south florida , where real tropical exotica abound ( poisonous toads , walking catfish , two-foot-long green lizards from cuba , [and so on] . )

Some examples are lahi ` thin , frail , ' lahilahi ` weak ' ( coffee , etc . )
some examples are lahi ` thin , frail , ' lahilahi ` weak ' ( coffee , [and so on] . )

A Dictionary of Love This is not a proper dictionary but a compilation of 600 quotations about love , companionship , etc .
a dictionary of love this is not a proper dictionary but a compilation of 600 quotations about love , companionship , [and so on] .

Are tribal team names ( such as Braves , Redskins , Seminoles , etc . )
are tribal team names ( such as braves , redskins , seminoles , [and so on] . )

In a book dealing with a subject of this sort one must be extremely careful to cleave to rigid definitions of the key terms ( euphemism , dysphemism , taboo , etc . )
in a book dealing with a subject of this sort one must be extremely careful to cleave to rigid definitions of the key terms ( euphemism , dysphemism , taboo , [and so on] . )

For example , the varieties of Chinese ( Mandarin , Cantonese , etc . )
for example , the varieties of chinese ( mandarin , cantonese , [and so on] . )

Much of the debate has been couched in terms of lowering standards , the dumbing-down of the education system , etc .
much of the debate has been couched in terms of lowering standards , the dumbing-down of the education system , [and so on] .

He mentions , for example , names that honor persons , names that have a religious background , names that express ego gratification and toponymic habituation ( in which familiar names from the homeland are adopted to make a place seem a little less strange ) , names which show evidence of discovery , etc .
he mentions , for example , names that honor persons , names that have a religious background , names that express ego gratification and toponymic habituation ( in which familiar names from the homeland are adopted to make a place seem a little less strange ) , names which show evidence of discovery , [and so on] .

He found misplacement problems , mistakes in parallel structures , improper use of commas , wrong or missing prepositions , incorrect use of reflexive verbs , etc .
he found misplacement problems , mistakes in parallel structures , improper use of commas , wrong or missing prepositions , incorrect use of reflexive verbs , [and so on] .

Articulate artists , writers , musicians , lawyers , scientists , teachers , historians , etc .
articulate artists , writers , musicians , lawyers , scientists , teachers , historians , [and so on] .

After all , I can visualize such headlines as Coach fails to spark Lightnings , Lightnings strike twice in Toronto , Bruins singed by Lightnings , etc .
after all , i can visualize such headlines as coach fails to spark lightnings , lightnings strike twice in toronto , bruins singed by lightnings , [and so on] .

I have seen no criticism , however , of the total lack of imagination evident in the naming of many roads , avenues , boulevards , streets , etc .
i have seen no criticism , however , of the total lack of imagination evident in the naming of many roads , avenues , boulevards , streets , [and so on] .

For example , they could be named after American ( or foreign ) cities , American states , constellations , foreign countries , American and foreign statesmen , famous operas , opera singers , composers , works of fiction , music , and art , novelists , poets , and other writers , artists , characters in fiction or mythology , trees , flowers , animals , etc .
for example , they could be named after american ( or foreign ) cities , american states , constellations , foreign countries , american and foreign statesmen , famous operas , opera singers , composers , works of fiction , music , and art , novelists , poets , and other writers , artists , characters in fiction or mythology , trees , flowers , animals , [and so on] .

Entries range from grammatical matters ( like agreement between various elements that ought to agree ) , to questions of syntax ( like the placement of adjectives ) , to matters of semantics ( like the discussion of adequate ) , to the meaning , usage , spelling , inflection , and pronunciation of a large number of words and phrases that might be confused ( adduce , deduce ; plural/singular status of addendum , agenda ; spelling of practice , practise ; plurals of words ending in -o , etc . ) .
entries range from grammatical matters ( like agreement between various elements that ought to agree ) , to questions of syntax ( like the placement of adjectives ) , to matters of semantics ( like the discussion of adequate ) , to the meaning , usage , spelling , inflection , and pronunciation of a large number of words and phrases that might be confused ( adduce , deduce ; plural/singular status of addendum , agenda ; spelling of practice , practise ; plurals of words ending in -o , [and so on] . ) .

Scattered here and there are helpful vignettes that focus on ancillary matters—SPOTTING A RESTRICTIVE CLAUSE , THE HISTORY OF THE SEMICOLON , etc .
scattered here and there are helpful vignettes that focus on ancillary matters—spotting a restrictive clause , the history of the semicolon , [and so on] .

In the chapter on Style , I expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded : I looked in vain for two things , the wisdom offered regarding serial commas ( whether or when the second comma is required or desirable in A , B , and C , and what the position is on the use of a comma following etc .
in the chapter on style , i expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded : i looked in vain for two things , the wisdom offered regarding serial commas ( whether or when the second comma is required or desirable in a , b , and c , and what the position is on the use of a comma following [and so on] .

I disagree with the suggested treatment of fractions , in which we are told to write two-thirds , three-eighths , etc .
i disagree with the suggested treatment of fractions , in which we are told to write two-thirds , three-eighths , [and so on] .

The Introduction is followed by a Bibliography with useful , brief annotations ; the following pages are occupied by the usual paraphernalia involved in a Guide , etc .
the introduction is followed by a bibliography with useful , brief annotations ; the following pages are occupied by the usual paraphernalia involved in a guide , [and so on] .

Why is space devoted to entries like misfire , Morse code , muster , nickname , nip short drink , nous brains , slate , etc . ?
why is space devoted to entries like misfire , morse code , muster , nickname , nip short drink , nous brains , slate , [and so on] . ?

Our use of “ in the first ( second , etc . )
our use of “ in the first ( second , [and so on] . )

While it must be noted that the cuneiform system , based on a pattern of wedge-like signs impressed in clay by a specially cut reed stylus , served several Mesopotamian cultures for about 3000 years , it was used for writing several languages of diverse structures : Sumerian was an agglutinative language , in structure of the type of American Indian languages , Hungarian , etc .
while it must be noted that the cuneiform system , based on a pattern of wedge-like signs impressed in clay by a specially cut reed stylus , served several mesopotamian cultures for about 3000 years , it was used for writing several languages of diverse structures : sumerian was an agglutinative language , in structure of the type of american indian languages , hungarian , [and so on] .

German - Weber , Rademacher , Schmidt , etc .
german - weber , rademacher , schmidt , [and so on] .

German - Adenauer , Hindenburg , Waldheim , etc .
german - adenauer , hindenburg , waldheim , [and so on] .

German - Klein , Schwarz , Liwenherz , etc .
german - klein , schwarz , liwenherz , [and so on] .

It was a simple matter to find words beginning with prefixes like anti- , pre- , pro- , un- , etc. , but finding those that ended in -able , -graph , -ity , -ous , etc .
it was a simple matter to find words beginning with prefixes like anti- , pre- , pro- , un- , etc. , but finding those that ended in -able , -graph , -ity , -ous , [and so on] .

If semantic criteria were applied to homographs ( which appear only once ) , like saw , and to polysemic items , like take up , take in , etc .
if semantic criteria were applied to homographs ( which appear only once ) , like saw , and to polysemic items , like take up , take in , [and so on] .

An entry in US commercial dictionary parlance means every headword ( that is , main entry set flush left , often in larger boldface type ) ; every inflected form ; every run-on entry ( the self-evident boldface words consisting of the headword plus a productive ending like - tion , - ly , - ness , etc .
an entry in us commercial dictionary parlance means every headword ( that is , main entry set flush left , often in larger boldface type ) ; every inflected form ; every run-on entry ( the self-evident boldface words consisting of the headword plus a productive ending like - tion , - ly , - ness , [and so on] .

It is not made clear why the standard IPA transcriptions [ ai ] or [ ai ] was not used for the vowel sound in I , why , might , etc .
it is not made clear why the standard ipa transcriptions [ ai ] or [ ai ] was not used for the vowel sound in i , why , might , [and so on] .

Although there are r -dropping dialects in AE , they do not predominate , as in BE \ ? \ , etc .
although there are r -dropping dialects in ae , they do not predominate , as in be \ ? \ , [and so on] .

The problem here is in the use of business : in a definition , one would expect the literal sense , not the ( more colloquial ) sense of ` affairs ' as met with in mind your own business , none of your business , etc .
the problem here is in the use of business : in a definition , one would expect the literal sense , not the ( more colloquial ) sense of ` affairs ' as met with in mind your own business , none of your business , [and so on] .

I was compelled to pay strict attention ( for four or five hours at a time ) to setting , lighting , music , gesture , singing , pace of over-all presentation ; to this or that role 's performance , costume , formal distancing from the audience ( Noh ) or Globe-like intimacy with the audience ( Kabuki ) ; to traditional methods of men 's playing women 's parts , audience 's anticipation and shouted recognition of favorite plays and actors and moments , tone of voice , etc .
i was compelled to pay strict attention ( for four or five hours at a time ) to setting , lighting , music , gesture , singing , pace of over-all presentation ; to this or that role 's performance , costume , formal distancing from the audience ( noh ) or globe-like intimacy with the audience ( kabuki ) ; to traditional methods of men 's playing women 's parts , audience 's anticipation and shouted recognition of favorite plays and actors and moments , tone of voice , [and so on] .

Gung-ho , which once had a positive connotation , is now used derisively among servicemen to describe ` individuals or organizations in a state of active and zealous military enthusiasm , ' and usually modifies other words such as “ sonofabitch , ” etc .
gung-ho , which once had a positive connotation , is now used derisively among servicemen to describe ` individuals or organizations in a state of active and zealous military enthusiasm , ' and usually modifies other words such as “ sonofabitch , ” [and so on] .

In the present case , ACTUALLY is such a loosely used “ filler ” word in the language ( like really , I mean , y'know , etc . )
in the present case , actually is such a loosely used “ filler ” word in the language ( like really , i mean , y'know , [and so on] . )

The other appendix deals with the structure of the Russian proverb and gives separate sections of analytical proverbs , metaphorical ones , similes -- proverbial comparisons ( about 100 ) , as well as contrasting couplets and negational proverbs , etc .
the other appendix deals with the structure of the russian proverb and gives separate sections of analytical proverbs , metaphorical ones , similes -- proverbial comparisons ( about 100 ) , as well as contrasting couplets and negational proverbs , [and so on] .

Another file that was examined is called Unclassified Ads , etc .
another file that was examined is called unclassified ads , [and so on] .

A particularly interesting trait of Bulgarian slang is the astonishing array of rough words of Turkish origin for idiot , loser , asshole , etc .
a particularly interesting trait of bulgarian slang is the astonishing array of rough words of turkish origin for idiot , loser , asshole , [and so on] .

Proofreaders use a special set of marks , signs and symbols to indicate on the gallery proofs the required corrections -- deletions , insertions , size or type of fonts ( lower case letters , capitals , bold face ) , space notations ( size of paragraph indents , missing spaces between words or extra spaces within words , type and length of dash ) , etc .
proofreaders use a special set of marks , signs and symbols to indicate on the gallery proofs the required corrections -- deletions , insertions , size or type of fonts ( lower case letters , capitals , bold face ) , space notations ( size of paragraph indents , missing spaces between words or extra spaces within words , type and length of dash ) , [and so on] .

Two linguistic forces have shaped this word : the English-language tendency to reduce words to a single syllable ( e.g. , pram , sync , perk , Miss/Ms. , etc . )
two linguistic forces have shaped this word : the english-language tendency to reduce words to a single syllable ( e.g. , pram , sync , perk , miss/ms. , [and so on] . )

You mention [ XVII,3 ] the word gunsel as being a less common , old-fashioned term for ` gunman , ' etc .
you mention [ xvii,3 ] the word gunsel as being a less common , old-fashioned term for ` gunman , ' [and so on] .

In such cases , “ the ” is followed by a real or implied “ well-known ” or some equivalent thereof , to wit , ( internationally ) famous , beloved , notorious , undisputed , disputed , recently released ( or Escaped ) , prize-winning , novelist , etc .
in such cases , “ the ” is followed by a real or implied “ well-known ” or some equivalent thereof , to wit , ( internationally ) famous , beloved , notorious , undisputed , disputed , recently released ( or escaped ) , prize-winning , novelist , [and so on] .

There are not a lot of prime ministers , presidents , and queens about -- at least , not that we are exposed to continually in the media -- and it would be a bit ludicrous to read about “ Margaret Thatcher , a prime minister , ” etc .
there are not a lot of prime ministers , presidents , and queens about -- at least , not that we are exposed to continually in the media -- and it would be a bit ludicrous to read about “ margaret thatcher , a prime minister , ” [and so on] .

English is the only European language I know that has no calque for the expression au revoir , probably because we have adopted this French phrase , like many others , intact , while other languages have the phrase calqued as : hasta la vista , a rivederci , do svidaniya , do widzenia , auf Wiedersehen , etc .
english is the only european language i know that has no calque for the expression au revoir , probably because we have adopted this french phrase , like many others , intact , while other languages have the phrase calqued as : hasta la vista , a rivederci , do svidaniya , do widzenia , auf wiedersehen , [and so on] .

Prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/ verb ambiguities like drop , rise , increase , decline , etc . ) .
prices is an unusual noun to find in attrubutive position before a word like fear ( in contrast to noun/ verb ambiguities like drop , rise , increase , decline , [and so on] . ) .

None , apparently , for tomato , bathroom , cutlet , etc .
none , apparently , for tomato , bathroom , cutlet , [and so on] .

For those words of doubtful origin ( like dive ` disreputable bar , ' jingo , rag ` taunt , ' toy , etc .
for those words of doubtful origin ( like dive ` disreputable bar , ' jingo , rag ` taunt , ' toy , [and so on] .

In a “ melting-pot ” country like the USA , we expect our tennis stars to have names of such diverse origin as Agassi , Capriati , Chang , Fernandez , Kirckstein , Mayotte , Navratilova , etc .
in a “ melting-pot ” country like the usa , we expect our tennis stars to have names of such diverse origin as agassi , capriati , chang , fernandez , kirckstein , mayotte , navratilova , [and so on] .

Our perception of players from nations with more homogenous populations , however , is more orthodox , and we are inclined to be comfortable with the assumptions that Leconte ought to be French , Chesnokov Russian , Sanchez Spanish , Lindstrom Swedish , Sukova Czech , Haarhuis Dutch , etc .
our perception of players from nations with more homogenous populations , however , is more orthodox , and we are inclined to be comfortable with the assumptions that leconte ought to be french , chesnokov russian , sanchez spanish , lindstrom swedish , sukova czech , haarhuis dutch , [and so on] .

Via Veneto , site of the American Embassy and of la dolce vita in general , was named for one of the provinces of the newly unified Italy , as were other streets nearby ( Via Toscana , Via Lombardia , Via Campania , etc .
via veneto , site of the american embassy and of la dolce vita in general , was named for one of the provinces of the newly unified italy , as were other streets nearby ( via toscana , via lombardia , via campania , [and so on] .

There are many drinks in this category , as one might expect , since so many of the euphemisms for drunk ( smashed , bombed , etc . )
there are many drinks in this category , as one might expect , since so many of the euphemisms for drunk ( smashed , bombed , [and so on] . )

For one thing , I have not noted any change in the pronunciation of the compounded “ anymore ” -- it is pronounced as if it were two words ( in contrast to anybody , anything , anyhow , anywhere , etc . )
for one thing , i have not noted any change in the pronunciation of the compounded “ anymore ” -- it is pronounced as if it were two words ( in contrast to anybody , anything , anyhow , anywhere , [and so on] . )

