The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture-Protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches .
the same thing is also [shown] by the extreme `` culture-protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the american churches .

This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the Tao -- could be effected .
this is well [shown] by the quietist doctrines carried over in zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the infinite , with the tao -- could be effected .

Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Af Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ;
quite other feelings are [shown] by this style : af note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ;

Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be .
ratified in the republican party victory in 1952 , the positive state is now [shown] by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be .

As the New South snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North -- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms `` Yankeefication '' , as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte , Birmingham , and Houston .
as the new south snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the north -- a tendency which willard thorp terms `` yankeefication '' , as [shown] in such cities as charlotte , birmingham , and houston .

Its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions .
its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board august 17 , 1956 ( as [shown] by its memorandum in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the jehovah's witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his pioneer and bible student servant positions .

One sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-C , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .
one sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-c , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as [shown] by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .

Not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity , as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas .
not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity , as [shown] by titer and the extent of the active areas .

MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions .
maclean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as [shown] by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions .

and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds .
and it is [shown] in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds .

It is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below .
it is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was [shown] by the kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below .

Thus , this readiness to relax controls , evidenced in the Kohnstamm situation , appears to be a more general personality factor .
thus , this readiness to relax controls , [shown] in the kohnstamm situation , appears to be a more general personality factor .

In the latter stages of the complaint , the victims become catatonic as evidenced by the lack of visible motor response at Everton v Coventry and Everton v Manchester City .
in the latter stages of the complaint , the victims become catatonic as [shown] by the lack of visible motor response at everton v coventry and everton v manchester city .

For example , Conway Morris of Cambridge University 's Earth Science Department believes that the comparative emptiness of the early oceans indicates minimal inter-group rivalry , but that 520 million years ago the competition began to hot up , and the basic animal groups , evidenced from parts of the fossil record of Northern America and Australia , were reduced from 55 to around 35 .
for example , conway morris of cambridge university 's earth science department believes that the comparative emptiness of the early oceans indicates minimal inter-group rivalry , but that 520 million years ago the competition began to hot up , and the basic animal groups , [shown] from parts of the fossil record of northern america and australia , were reduced from 55 to around 35 .

This is evidenced not only by his insistence on self-discipline but also by his insistence on the realization of Truth through the service of others , and by means of ahi sā .
this is [shown] not only by his insistence on self-discipline but also by his insistence on the realization of truth through the service of others , and by means of ahi sā .

The early efforts are low-budget romps , akin to the kind of shambling college-project material that 's usually the preserve of British indie outfits , but things become slicker as the band mature , as evidenced by ‘ Sunless Saturday ’ — a cinematic masterstroke that finds Spike Lee adding claustrophobic visuals to a song that embodies the oppressive squalor of Fishbone 's native Los Angeles .
the early efforts are low-budget romps , akin to the kind of shambling college-project material that 's usually the preserve of british indie outfits , but things become slicker as the band mature , as [shown] by ‘ sunless saturday ’ — a cinematic masterstroke that finds spike lee adding claustrophobic visuals to a song that embodies the oppressive squalor of fishbone 's native los angeles .

That is precisely the explanation for the inadequate view of doubt evidenced by many Christians : they are unwittingly the hostage of surrounding intellectual ideas .
that is precisely the explanation for the inadequate view of doubt [shown] by many christians : they are unwittingly the hostage of surrounding intellectual ideas .

Yet the reconstruction of the nation is not part of the new politics as evidenced in all the recent elections .
yet the reconstruction of the nation is not part of the new politics as [shown] in all the recent elections .

The social tensions evidenced in many of these letters found an echo in some of the music played over the radio .
the social tensions [shown] in many of these letters found an echo in some of the music played over the radio .

If we judge the content of Marxism by the writings of Marx , Engels and Lenin it consists of three major elements : a philosophy of history , a theory of economics and a view of the state and revolution ; the first derived from the work of Hegel , the second from the British classical political economy as evidenced in the writings of Ricardo , and the third from the revolutionary tradition of French socialist thinkers such as Gismondi , Proudhon , Fourrier and Saint Simon .
if we judge the content of marxism by the writings of marx , engels and lenin it consists of three major elements : a philosophy of history , a theory of economics and a view of the state and revolution ; the first derived from the work of hegel , the second from the british classical political economy as [shown] in the writings of ricardo , and the third from the revolutionary tradition of french socialist thinkers such as gismondi , proudhon , fourrier and saint simon .

Next are the ‘ productive relations ’ of an economy , namely the relationship between people as evidenced in the institution of property and the relationships of class which depend on the productive forces .
next are the ‘ productive relations ’ of an economy , namely the relationship between people as [shown] in the institution of property and the relationships of class which depend on the productive forces .

Some still retained private property as is evidenced by the fact that they met in private houses and that they would sell their assets if people were seen to be in need .
some still retained private property as is [shown] by the fact that they met in private houses and that they would sell their assets if people were seen to be in need .

The process of sowing and reaping is evidenced now .
the process of sowing and reaping is [shown] now .

As for man , he is a species produced like any other , lawfully , his mental faculties the causal consequences of his bodily organization and not miraculously superadded ; while science is a quest for lawful causes that are evidenced both directly and independently of the many , diverse facts they can explain , and indirectly and dependently , by the very multitude and diversity of those facts .
as for man , he is a species produced like any other , lawfully , his mental faculties the causal consequences of his bodily organization and not miraculously superadded ; while science is a quest for lawful causes that are [shown] both directly and independently of the many , diverse facts they can explain , and indirectly and dependently , by the very multitude and diversity of those facts .

The existence of natural selection as a causal agency is evidenced first ; then its adequacy to produce new species from old is argued by analogy from the ability of artificial selection , although much less precise and prolonged , to produce domestic races .
the existence of natural selection as a causal agency is [shown] first ; then its adequacy to produce new species from old is argued by analogy from the ability of artificial selection , although much less precise and prolonged , to produce domestic races .

That it is a struggle is evidenced both by the substance of God 's commandments to his people , and by the experience of those who are held .
that it is a struggle is [shown] both by the substance of god 's commandments to his people , and by the experience of those who are held .

This is a difficult skill to develop , as evidenced by the rules of ‘ social politeness ’ which often run counter to what the counsellor wants to do .
this is a difficult skill to develop , as [shown] by the rules of ‘ social politeness ’ which often run counter to what the counsellor wants to do .

As with all professions , medical and pharmacological competence can not and should not be taken for granted , as evidenced by the frequency with which new drugs are introduced and then withdrawn from the market after proving to be harmful , even fatal in continued use .
as with all professions , medical and pharmacological competence can not and should not be taken for granted , as [shown] by the frequency with which new drugs are introduced and then withdrawn from the market after proving to be harmful , even fatal in continued use .

That relationship was superb and made for an excellent team effort throughout the year , as was evidenced by the fulsome tributes paid to Ian McNeil at the end of his period in office .
that relationship was superb and made for an excellent team effort throughout the year , as was [shown] by the fulsome tributes paid to ian mcneil at the end of his period in office .

Resolutions will have to be evidenced in writing and all contracts between the company and the sole member ( if the sole member is also the sole director , bearing in mind that a director need not be a member ) will have to be in writing unless entered into in the ordinary course of the company 's business on its usual terms and conditions .
resolutions will have to be [shown] in writing and all contracts between the company and the sole member ( if the sole member is also the sole director , bearing in mind that a director need not be a member ) will have to be in writing unless entered into in the ordinary course of the company 's business on its usual terms and conditions .

Brooks has always been a strong influence in the stability market , evidenced by the long-term success of the Chariot .
brooks has always been a strong influence in the stability market , [shown] by the long-term success of the chariot .

The size of this problem is evidenced in 1991 Big Six data : the average claim was $ 85m ; the average out-of-court settlement $ 2.7m ; and the average legal cost of defending a claim $ 3.5m .
the size of this problem is [shown] in 1991 big six data : the average claim was $ 85m ; the average out-of-court settlement $ 2.7m ; and the average legal cost of defending a claim $ 3.5m .

Furthermore , as evidenced in correspondence , he had not been in contact with his accountant , who knew of the General Commissioners ' decision , between 17 June 1991 and the end of October 1991 .
furthermore , as [shown] in correspondence , he had not been in contact with his accountant , who knew of the general commissioners ' decision , between 17 june 1991 and the end of october 1991 .

This is evidenced by the fact that most candidates seem well drilled to answer objective-test ( multiple-choice ) questions , but are weaker in the written test .
this is [shown] by the fact that most candidates seem well drilled to answer objective-test ( multiple-choice ) questions , but are weaker in the written test .

test documents with the object of confirming financial transactions evidenced by the documents and the entries in the accounting records ;
test documents with the object of confirming financial transactions [shown] by the documents and the entries in the accounting records ;

To be eligible to be purchased by the Bank of England the bills must have an underlying short-term trade finance role , as evidenced by a clause on the face of the bill , and must have been accepted by an ‘ eligible ’ bank .
to be eligible to be purchased by the bank of england the bills must have an underlying short-term trade finance role , as [shown] by a clause on the face of the bill , and must have been accepted by an ‘ eligible ’ bank .

That it has been populated from prehistoric times is evidenced by the remains of neolithic buildings , mainly on Hirta , the largest island in the group .
that it has been populated from prehistoric times is [shown] by the remains of neolithic buildings , mainly on hirta , the largest island in the group .

The American frustration is evidenced by the utter confusion as sporadic resistance slowly starts to rise in defence of the fleet .
the american frustration is [shown] by the utter confusion as sporadic resistance slowly starts to rise in defence of the fleet .

It is evidenced in the lives of believers who serve Christ in ‘ Righteousness , peace , and joy which the Holy Spirit gives ’ ( Rom .
it is [shown] in the lives of believers who serve christ in ‘ righteousness , peace , and joy which the holy spirit gives ’ ( rom .

The pessimistic view is evidenced by the fact that the rate of conviction stemming from reported rapes has declined by 44 per cent in the case of rape , 16 per cent in the case of sexual assault and 9 per cent in the case of incest .
the pessimistic view is [shown] by the fact that the rate of conviction stemming from reported rapes has declined by 44 per cent in the case of rape , 16 per cent in the case of sexual assault and 9 per cent in the case of incest .

During the early post-war period , the twenty-year period from 1951 to 1971 , as evidenced by the years 1951 , 1961 and 1971 , there was little reporting of rape outside of the News of the World .
during the early post-war period , the twenty-year period from 1951 to 1971 , as [shown] by the years 1951 , 1961 and 1971 , there was little reporting of rape outside of the news of the world .

Avoiding making these latent potentialities manifest is a constant concern , evidenced by the multitude of taboos that bracket even the most mundane activities in a ( usually vain ) attempt to forestall the dangers that lurk on all sides .
avoiding making these latent potentialities manifest is a constant concern , [shown] by the multitude of taboos that bracket even the most mundane activities in a ( usually vain ) attempt to forestall the dangers that lurk on all sides .

This is no less the case for the Shavante , as evidenced by their great Wai ' a ceremony which , as Maybury-Lewis describes it ( 1971 : 243ff . )
this is no less the case for the shavante , as [shown] by their great wai ' a ceremony which , as maybury-lewis describes it ( 1971 : 243ff . )

Indeed , they are keen to advertise the fact by stamping their personalities on their home , something which is evidenced by looking at homes in Britain which have passed from public to private ownership .
indeed , they are keen to advertise the fact by stamping their personalities on their home , something which is [shown] by looking at homes in britain which have passed from public to private ownership .

Despite major differences of approach in different competition policy jurisdictions , as evidenced in the papers in this volume , the policy agenda is remarkably similar .
despite major differences of approach in different competition policy jurisdictions , as [shown] in the papers in this volume , the policy agenda is remarkably similar .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the exceptions , limitations , conditions , and liberties ( including those relating to pre-carriage and on-carriage ) set out in the Carrier 's Standard conditions of Carriage applicable to the voyage covered by this Waybill and operative on this date of issue .
the contract [shown] by this waybill is subject to the exceptions , limitations , conditions , and liberties ( including those relating to pre-carriage and on-carriage ) set out in the carrier 's standard conditions of carriage applicable to the voyage covered by this waybill and operative on this date of issue .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the Carrier 's standard Bill of Lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the Carrier and those of his authorized Agents .
the contract [shown] by this waybill is subject to the carrier 's standard bill of lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the carrier and those of his authorized agents .

The beginnings of monumental architecture and sculpture in Greece are evidenced by actual remains .
the beginnings of monumental architecture and sculpture in greece are [shown] by actual remains .

Under pressure from diminishing resources and central government exhortations , much greater emphasis is being placed on the careful targeting of policy measures to the places where people suffer from the most severe problems , as evidenced by the successive reviews of regional policy and by the initiatives of the 1970s and 1980s aimed at rejuvenating inner city areas .
under pressure from diminishing resources and central government exhortations , much greater emphasis is being placed on the careful targeting of policy measures to the places where people suffer from the most severe problems , as [shown] by the successive reviews of regional policy and by the initiatives of the 1970s and 1980s aimed at rejuvenating inner city areas .

For example , we can observe an emerging conflict between the equal opportunities/human rights agenda of the centre-left as evidenced in the recent Labour Party policy document Every Child a Special Child ( 1991 ) , and the assimilationist policies of the right which run throughout educational legislation since 1983 and are enshrined in the statute books .
for example , we can observe an emerging conflict between the equal opportunities/human rights agenda of the centre-left as [shown] in the recent labour party policy document every child a special child ( 1991 ) , and the assimilationist policies of the right which run throughout educational legislation since 1983 and are enshrined in the statute books .

The greater degree of substantive as opposed to formal rationality evidenced in Japanese organization , in particular , seems to be an important consideration .
the greater degree of substantive as opposed to formal rationality [shown] in japanese organization , in particular , seems to be an important consideration .

Even if the catechisms of ‘ correct thought ’ are updated and find new roots , and old upbeat endings are set to more popular and contemporary tunes , they will not be able to generate the more intricate models or maps which are required to confront successfully the types of racism which are evidenced by our two transcripts .
even if the catechisms of ‘ correct thought ’ are updated and find new roots , and old upbeat endings are set to more popular and contemporary tunes , they will not be able to generate the more intricate models or maps which are required to confront successfully the types of racism which are [shown] by our two transcripts .

The spores of Saprolegnia are present in all bodies of water , as evidenced by infertile fish eggs or uneaten food pellets quickly developing that characteristic white ‘ fur coat ’ .
the spores of saprolegnia are present in all bodies of water , as [shown] by infertile fish eggs or uneaten food pellets quickly developing that characteristic white ‘ fur coat ’ .

Restrictions on women within paid employment are further evidenced by the extreme concentration of women within a very narrow range of occupational groups .
restrictions on women within paid employment are further [shown] by the extreme concentration of women within a very narrow range of occupational groups .

Violence has been discovered to exist within the family , evidenced by the refuges for battered women provided to help women escape from violent men with whom they lived .
violence has been discovered to exist within the family , [shown] by the refuges for battered women provided to help women escape from violent men with whom they lived .

His Lordship reviewed the nineteenth century case law which evidenced the broad application of natural justice and then proceeded to consider why , given these authorities , the law had become confused .
his lordship reviewed the nineteenth century case law which [shown] the broad application of natural justice and then proceeded to consider why , given these authorities , the law had become confused .

The area surrounding Monboddo must have contained an aerodrome at some stage , perhaps during wartime , as evidenced in a few remaining Nissen huts , now filled with old packing cases and pallets , and undistinguished , domestic timber artefacts of all sorts .
the area surrounding monboddo must have contained an aerodrome at some stage , perhaps during wartime , as [shown] in a few remaining nissen huts , now filled with old packing cases and pallets , and undistinguished , domestic timber artefacts of all sorts .

Swiney proposed that women 's racial superiority was evidenced both by their physical and mental capabilities and in their internal cellular composition .
swiney proposed that women 's racial superiority was [shown] both by their physical and mental capabilities and in their internal cellular composition .

Barclay 's interest in linguistic matters per se is evidenced by the inclusion of an article on the origin of language by the Frenchman Abbé Antoine Anselme ( 1652–1737 ) and by a series of articles on the history , grammar , pronunciation , and orthography of English , very probably by Barclay himself .
barclay 's interest in linguistic matters per se is [shown] by the inclusion of an article on the origin of language by the frenchman abbé antoine anselme ( 1652–1737 ) and by a series of articles on the history , grammar , pronunciation , and orthography of english , very probably by barclay himself .

His chemical skill was further evidenced by his experimental findings in 1751 in support of the famous fever powder patented by Dr Robert James [ q.v . ]
his chemical skill was further [shown] by his experimental findings in 1751 in support of the famous fever powder patented by dr robert james [ q.v . ]

Cardiff 's policy of providing school libraries , inaugurated in 1899 , and children 's reading-halls in branch libraries , evidenced the practice of principles advocated by Ballinger in a stream of papers and pamphlets urging their educational function .
cardiff 's policy of providing school libraries , inaugurated in 1899 , and children 's reading-halls in branch libraries , [shown] the practice of principles advocated by ballinger in a stream of papers and pamphlets urging their educational function .

The organization and mobilization of the electorate in the United States to turn out to vote and to maximize the party 's chances of success is probably not carried out as well as it used to be , as is evidenced by the decline in turnout since the 1960s ( see table 26.2 ) .
the organization and mobilization of the electorate in the united states to turn out to vote and to maximize the party 's chances of success is probably not carried out as well as it used to be , as is [shown] by the decline in turnout since the 1960s ( see table 26.2 ) .

The first requires the subsidence of a whole series of oceanic islands : the second attempts to use the fluctuating sea levels of the Pleistocene , which are well evidenced by all sorts of phenomena , as the explanation of the features of coral reefs .
the first requires the subsidence of a whole series of oceanic islands : the second attempts to use the fluctuating sea levels of the pleistocene , which are well [shown] by all sorts of phenomena , as the explanation of the features of coral reefs .

The differentiation of fact from value , of the ethical from theoretical spheres , is similarly evidenced in Weber 's work , and in the work of English philosophers such as Moore and Stevenson ( MacIntyre 1981 ) .
the differentiation of fact from value , of the ethical from theoretical spheres , is similarly [shown] in weber 's work , and in the work of english philosophers such as moore and stevenson ( macintyre 1981 ) .

Klimt 's shift from opposition to bourgeois values was evidenced in his movement from art nouveau towards art deco — The famous Wiener Werkstatt designers Kolo Moser and Josef Hoffmann underwent a similar evolution .
klimt 's shift from opposition to bourgeois values was [shown] in his movement from art nouveau towards art deco — the famous wiener werkstatt designers kolo moser and josef hoffmann underwent a similar evolution .

It is of enormous importance to Bourdieu , as evidenced in the considerable work involved in Homo Academicus , his recent articles on the Grandes Ecoles , and his work in general on the school system and the intellectual field .
it is of enormous importance to bourdieu , as [shown] in the considerable work involved in homo academicus , his recent articles on the grandes ecoles , and his work in general on the school system and the intellectual field .

( 4 ) The Bills of Sale Act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the Act ( Bills of Sale Act 1878 s8 ) .
( 4 ) the bills of sale act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods [shown] in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the act ( bills of sale act 1878 s8 ) .

The value of the land may be evidenced by a statement from the solicitors lodging the application , which should specify the value of the property transferred .
the value of the land may be [shown] by a statement from the solicitors lodging the application , which should specify the value of the property transferred .

However , the change in the equitable interests must be evidenced .
however , the change in the equitable interests must be [shown] .

‘ The majority of people in the countryside , as evidenced by their public support of hunting and all its associated activities , such as point-to-points and pony clubs , believe that … foxhunting , controlled and under proper scrutiny , is the most acceptable method of controlling the fox population . ’ ‘ Country Sports and Conservation : The case for the 1990s ’ , Shooting News
‘ the majority of people in the countryside , as [shown] by their public support of hunting and all its associated activities , such as point-to-points and pony clubs , believe that … foxhunting , controlled and under proper scrutiny , is the most acceptable method of controlling the fox population . ’ ‘ country sports and conservation : the case for the 1990s ’ , shooting news

Very high structural integrity as evidenced by a 30,000 hour design life and no speed limit in turbulence .
very high structural integrity as [shown] by a 30,000 hour design life and no speed limit in turbulence .

Significantly , and with a candour unusual in books celebrating a commercial firm 's history , Hall observes that many dealers were lagging behind the more advanced taste evidenced by museum curators : ‘ The choices made by the trustees illustrate advances in scholarship to which the ( private ) clients of Colnaghi , Agnew 's and Duveen were unresponsive … Colnaghi contributed little to American museums in these years ( the 1930s and 1940s ) and what they did sell betrayed an unwillingness to adapt to the times .
significantly , and with a candour unusual in books celebrating a commercial firm 's history , hall observes that many dealers were lagging behind the more advanced taste [shown] by museum curators : ‘ the choices made by the trustees illustrate advances in scholarship to which the ( private ) clients of colnaghi , agnew 's and duveen were unresponsive … colnaghi contributed little to american museums in these years ( the 1930s and 1940s ) and what they did sell betrayed an unwillingness to adapt to the times .

Although the substance of a decision may not be altered materially , it may be trimmed with the timing of its announcement , or the explanations offered , being geared to the anticipated reception by populist opinion , especially as evidenced by the press .
although the substance of a decision may not be altered materially , it may be trimmed with the timing of its announcement , or the explanations offered , being geared to the anticipated reception by populist opinion , especially as [shown] by the press .

Further , most would argue that all peoples have evidenced certain basic developments of these capacities , notably with regard to language facility and abstract thought .
further , most would argue that all peoples have [shown] certain basic developments of these capacities , notably with regard to language facility and abstract thought .

Increased emphasis is required on the identity of and response to the changing needs of physically disabled people , as evidenced by failure of doctors to detect functional deterioration in general practice and hospital outpatient consultations .
increased emphasis is required on the identity of and response to the changing needs of physically disabled people , as [shown] by failure of doctors to detect functional deterioration in general practice and hospital outpatient consultations .

La Brant established a range of general findings not seriously challenged since ; namely , that development in writing was evidenced by an increase in the proportion of dependent to independent clauses , by the gross length of the writing ( the number of words ) , by an increase in average length of sentence and by a growing complexity of sentence structure .
la brant established a range of general findings not seriously challenged since ; namely , that development in writing was [shown] by an increase in the proportion of dependent to independent clauses , by the gross length of the writing ( the number of words ) , by an increase in average length of sentence and by a growing complexity of sentence structure .

The suddenness of the increased use of artillery in the third quarter of the fourteenth century is evidenced by the fact that when Gaston Fébus , vicomte of Béarn in the Pyrenees , had a network of fortifications constructed between 1365 and 1380 ( a period during which many castles were built in France ) he must have been building some of the last fortifications to take no account of artillery , which was very soon to compel important developments in the art of defence .
the suddenness of the increased use of artillery in the third quarter of the fourteenth century is [shown] by the fact that when gaston fébus , vicomte of béarn in the pyrenees , had a network of fortifications constructed between 1365 and 1380 ( a period during which many castles were built in france ) he must have been building some of the last fortifications to take no account of artillery , which was very soon to compel important developments in the art of defence .

Problem drug use was defined as any non-medical use of psychoactive drugs which leads to medical , social and/or legal problems , as evidenced by the involvement of official agencies ( see Parker et al .
problem drug use was defined as any non-medical use of psychoactive drugs which leads to medical , social and/or legal problems , as [shown] by the involvement of official agencies ( see parker et al .

Human activity in the landscape is evidenced by several thin bands of course sand in the upper part of the sequence .
human activity in the landscape is [shown] by several thin bands of course sand in the upper part of the sequence .

The Faculty 's commitment to excellence is evidenced by the outstanding research record of many of its staff and departments and has been recognised by the receipt of research funding from many external bodies .
the faculty 's commitment to excellence is [shown] by the outstanding research record of many of its staff and departments and has been recognised by the receipt of research funding from many external bodies .

The latter are clearly evidenced by Gilgamesh , who contemptuously repudiates the normally irresistible advances of Ishtar , goddess of love , but whose feelings for his friend Enkidu are ‘ like those of a man for a woman ’ .
the latter are clearly [shown] by gilgamesh , who contemptuously repudiates the normally irresistible advances of ishtar , goddess of love , but whose feelings for his friend enkidu are ‘ like those of a man for a woman ’ .

This is evidenced by the growth in the number of public servants , the range of state functions and the level of public expenditure during the twentieth century ( Dogan 1975 ; Peters 1978 ) .
this is [shown] by the growth in the number of public servants , the range of state functions and the level of public expenditure during the twentieth century ( dogan 1975 ; peters 1978 ) .

The volume of economic transnational practices has increased phenomenally since the 1950s , as evidenced by the tremendous growth of foreign trade , l and this means that even some quite poor people in some poor countries can now distinguish many consumer goods in terms of their origins and the status-conferring advantages that some origins have over others .
the volume of economic transnational practices has increased phenomenally since the 1950s , as [shown] by the tremendous growth of foreign trade , l and this means that even some quite poor people in some poor countries can now distinguish many consumer goods in terms of their origins and the status-conferring advantages that some origins have over others .

In addition glands have aberrant proliferative control evidenced by the observation of the characteristic extended or abnormal proliferative zones associated with increased growth factor expression .
in addition glands have aberrant proliferative control [shown] by the observation of the characteristic extended or abnormal proliferative zones associated with increased growth factor expression .

The three experimental diets differed in their content of polyunsaturated fatty acids , since the linoleic and eicosapentaenoic acid diets were rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids compared with the oleic acid diet , although essential requirements of polyunsaturated fatty acids were amply satisfied by all three dietary regimens , as also evidenced by the normal growth of the rats .
the three experimental diets differed in their content of polyunsaturated fatty acids , since the linoleic and eicosapentaenoic acid diets were rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids compared with the oleic acid diet , although essential requirements of polyunsaturated fatty acids were amply satisfied by all three dietary regimens , as also [shown] by the normal growth of the rats .

They never reached the standard of work evidenced by the Parthenon or the Erechtheion .
they never reached the standard of work [shown] by the parthenon or the erechtheion .

Lim 's sources of information were seen to be much more effective than the Army 's compromised intelligence gathering network , as evidenced by the fact that four of the chief rebel officers captured since the coup attempt had been tracked down and arrested by the police .
lim 's sources of information were seen to be much more effective than the army 's compromised intelligence gathering network , as [shown] by the fact that four of the chief rebel officers captured since the coup attempt had been tracked down and arrested by the police .

The problem of the survival of the Aviti is a useful reminder of how little we know about the political structure of even our best evidenced sixth-century diocese ; but from the evidence which we do have it is clear that the exercise of episcopal power in the Auvergne was no simple matter .
the problem of the survival of the aviti is a useful reminder of how little we know about the political structure of even our best [shown] sixth-century diocese ; but from the evidence which we do have it is clear that the exercise of episcopal power in the auvergne was no simple matter .

The state of how things are , as evidenced by who has rights over what and over whom , is justified by " myth " , that is to say by tales about the past which have a sacred or religious quality ( after the fashion of the Christian Bible ) , rather than by legislative enactments or precedents recorded in historical documents .
the state of how things are , as [shown] by who has rights over what and over whom , is justified by " myth " , that is to say by tales about the past which have a sacred or religious quality ( after the fashion of the christian bible ) , rather than by legislative enactments or precedents recorded in historical documents .

Major steps in the transaction may require to be evidenced in the board minutes or at least written instruction to be received by the Firm ; and
major steps in the transaction may require to be [shown] in the board minutes or at least written instruction to be received by the firm ; and

This agreement constituted and evidenced by this letter and your acceptance of it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and all disputes and claims arising hereunder shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
this agreement constituted and [shown] by this letter and your acceptance of it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with english law and all disputes and claims arising hereunder shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts .

The fact that so many do publish , as evidenced by the numbers of papers in the Bulletin of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , or Geophysical Prospecting , indicates the close ties between their current work , and the need to advance their careers by publishing papers related to that work , rather than to their previous research .
the fact that so many do publish , as [shown] by the numbers of papers in the bulletin of the american association of petroleum geologists , or geophysical prospecting , indicates the close ties between their current work , and the need to advance their careers by publishing papers related to that work , rather than to their previous research .

In architectural terms this is evidenced in the smaller , narrower windows , lack of intricate tracery or coloured glass , the almost total lack of development of the flying buttress system , the poverty of decoration in sculpture and carving .
in architectural terms this is [shown] in the smaller , narrower windows , lack of intricate tracery or coloured glass , the almost total lack of development of the flying buttress system , the poverty of decoration in sculpture and carving .

That department was less professional , more full of placemen and more frequently evidenced corruption and bribery .
that department was less professional , more full of placemen and more frequently [shown] corruption and bribery .

Although corpora are costly to develop , once in existence they provide a valuable resource as evidenced by the number of different applications that utilise corpora .
although corpora are costly to develop , once in existence they provide a valuable resource as [shown] by the number of different applications that utilise corpora .

Is it not time to put an end to the fraud and corruption that go on within the European Community , as evidenced by the continual reports of the European Court of Auditors ? Surely the European Parliament should be given powers to summon Commissioners and permanent secretaries of different countries to put those abuses to them .
is it not time to put an end to the fraud and corruption that go on within the european community , as [shown] by the continual reports of the european court of auditors ? surely the european parliament should be given powers to summon commissioners and permanent secretaries of different countries to put those abuses to them .

That is evidenced by the unprecedented increase in the productivity of all manner of industries that has taken place since .
that is [shown] by the unprecedented increase in the productivity of all manner of industries that has taken place since .

Does my right hon Friend agree that the figures confirm the tremendous advances that have been made in health care since the Conservatives came to power ? Does he agree that that is evidenced by the recent successful survey of the national health service ? Does my right hon. Friend agree also that the last Labour Government introduced such swingeing real cuts in the health service that , if they were returned to power , it would represent a real threat to those who require advanced orthopaedic treatment ?
does my right hon friend agree that the figures confirm the tremendous advances that have been made in health care since the conservatives came to power ? does he agree that that is [shown] by the recent successful survey of the national health service ? does my right hon. friend agree also that the last labour government introduced such swingeing real cuts in the health service that , if they were returned to power , it would represent a real threat to those who require advanced orthopaedic treatment ?

Friends of the Member for Ruislip-Northwood ( Mr. Wilkinson ) , whose suspicion of things European have been evidenced — Not necessarily the Conservative Members who are present , but other Tory Members probably would not be quite so keen on — as they would see it — mortgaging their nuclear future to the French .
friends of the member for ruislip-northwood ( mr. wilkinson ) , whose suspicion of things european have been [shown] — not necessarily the conservative members who are present , but other tory members probably would not be quite so keen on — as they would see it — mortgaging their nuclear future to the french .

That they were pretty overwhelming was evidenced by the way — against all his resolutions — he 'd made love to her .
that they were pretty overwhelming was [shown] by the way — against all his resolutions — he 'd made love to her .

This leads to a marked lack of independence on behalf of pupils as is evidenced by their constant cries of ‘ Is this right , Miss ?
this leads to a marked lack of independence on behalf of pupils as is [shown] by their constant cries of ‘ is this right , miss ?

The evening was a great success , evidenced both by parents ' reactions during the course of the evening and by the positive comments made by parents on a questionnaire Rick had devised .
the evening was a great success , [shown] both by parents ' reactions during the course of the evening and by the positive comments made by parents on a questionnaire rick had devised .

This was evidenced by the continuation of her long-established teaching methods and forms of classroom organisation between sessions with the advisory teacher .
this was [shown] by the continuation of her long-established teaching methods and forms of classroom organisation between sessions with the advisory teacher .

This is evidenced by a number of recent disasters which have made the headlines .
this is [shown] by a number of recent disasters which have made the headlines .

The fact that so many do publish , as evidenced by the numbers of papers in the Bulletin of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , or Geophysical Prospecting , indicates the close ties between their current work , and the need to advance their careers by publishing papers related to that work , rather than to their previous research .
the fact that so many do publish , as [shown] by the numbers of papers in the bulletin of the american association of petroleum geologists , or geophysical prospecting , indicates the close ties between their current work , and the need to advance their careers by publishing papers related to that work , rather than to their previous research .

Indeed , arguments about the relationship constituted much of the core debate as is evidenced by the attention given to it by classical figures such as Weber and Durkheim .
indeed , arguments about the relationship constituted much of the core debate as is [shown] by the attention given to it by classical figures such as weber and durkheim .

Her election by the Left Alliance 's executive committee was aimed at reversing the decline in electoral support for the 10-party alliance evidenced in the general election of April 1990 [ see p. 37388 ] .
her election by the left alliance 's executive committee was aimed at reversing the decline in electoral support for the 10-party alliance [shown] in the general election of april 1990 [ see p. 37388 ] .

Aquino 's frustration with the tortuous complexity of Filipino party politics was evidenced by her announcement on June 12 , 1990 , of the formation of the Kabisig movement , derived from the Tagalog word meaning `` arm-in-arm `` or `` brotherhood `` [ see p. 37534 ] .
aquino 's frustration with the tortuous complexity of filipino party politics was [shown] by her announcement on june 12 , 1990 , of the formation of the kabisig movement , derived from the tagalog word meaning `` arm-in-arm `` or `` brotherhood `` [ see p. 37534 ] .

The publication of the two lists fuelled expressions of public disgust over the affair , and appeared to intensify the widespread public dissatisfaction with incumbent politicians which had been evidenced by the original exposure of the banking scandal .
the publication of the two lists fuelled expressions of public disgust over the affair , and appeared to intensify the widespread public dissatisfaction with incumbent politicians which had been [shown] by the original exposure of the banking scandal .

( 2 ) This section does not apply to — ( a ) assents by a personal representative ; ( b ) disclaimers made in accordance with section 54 of the bankruptcy Act 1914 or not required to be evidenced in writing ; ( c ) surrenders by operation of law , including surrenders which may , by law , be effected without writing ; ( d ) leases or tenancies or other assurances not required by law to be made in writing ; ( e ) receipts not required by law to be under seal ; ( f ) vesting orders of the court or other competent authority ; ( g ) conveyances taking effect by operation of law .
( 2 ) this section does not apply to — ( a ) assents by a personal representative ; ( b ) disclaimers made in accordance with section 54 of the bankruptcy act 1914 or not required to be [shown] in writing ; ( c ) surrenders by operation of law , including surrenders which may , by law , be effected without writing ; ( d ) leases or tenancies or other assurances not required by law to be made in writing ; ( e ) receipts not required by law to be under seal ; ( f ) vesting orders of the court or other competent authority ; ( g ) conveyances taking effect by operation of law .

There is no requirement in French law that a binding contract for the sale of land should be in or evidenced by writing .
there is no requirement in french law that a binding contract for the sale of land should be in or [shown] by writing .

For many years there have been worries over the increasing monopolisation of British industry , as evidenced by increased levels of both aggregate and market concentration , and for which there is little doubt that merger activity has , at times , been a major causal factor ( see e.g .
for many years there have been worries over the increasing monopolisation of british industry , as [shown] by increased levels of both aggregate and market concentration , and for which there is little doubt that merger activity has , at times , been a major causal factor ( see e.g .

This moral incongruency can draw attention to , and throw light upon , the very process of moralizing and the role of literature therein ; which indeed are themselves well evidenced and clearly focused aspects of twelfth- to fourteenth- century intellectual speculation .
this moral incongruency can draw attention to , and throw light upon , the very process of moralizing and the role of literature therein ; which indeed are themselves well [shown] and clearly focused aspects of twelfth- to fourteenth- century intellectual speculation .

It is important to note that patients with acute liver failure showed a hyperdynamic circulation , evidenced by a high cardiac output and decreased systemic vascular resistances and mean arterial pressure .
it is important to note that patients with acute liver failure showed a hyperdynamic circulation , [shown] by a high cardiac output and decreased systemic vascular resistances and mean arterial pressure .

The secretory effect of cholera toxin in our study probably continued for hours as evidenced by the stool output after the experiment .
the secretory effect of cholera toxin in our study probably continued for hours as [shown] by the stool output after the experiment .

The rise in racism and anti-semitism evidenced by the appalling level of racial attacks . In particular the racial murders of :
the rise in racism and anti-semitism [shown] by the appalling level of racial attacks . in particular the racial murders of :

The Empire and the superiority it evidenced , was just the way things were , entirely natural .
the empire and the superiority it [shown] , was just the way things were , entirely natural .

possession of a house , for instance , will be evidenced by acts different from those which would suffice for possession of a strip of waste land .
possession of a house , for instance , will be [shown] by acts different from those which would suffice for possession of a strip of waste land .

But an agreement evidenced by writing and for value , to confer an interest in land , is specifically enforceable in equity , and an attempted disposition for value by unsealed writing will be treated as equivalent to such an agreement .
but an agreement [shown] by writing and for value , to confer an interest in land , is specifically enforceable in equity , and an attempted disposition for value by unsealed writing will be treated as equivalent to such an agreement .

Expedition biologist Sam LaBudde confirmed environmentalists ' worst fears : ‘ The toll was evidenced in the range of creatures we saw drowned in the nets .
expedition biologist sam labudde confirmed environmentalists ' worst fears : ‘ the toll was [shown] in the range of creatures we saw drowned in the nets .

But he expresses this by saying that we ‘ can proceed no farther by reasoning than to things which must be exposed again to experience or which can be evidenced by means of some appearance ’ ; and this seems to suggest something new .
but he expresses this by saying that we ‘ can proceed no farther by reasoning than to things which must be exposed again to experience or which can be [shown] by means of some appearance ’ ; and this seems to suggest something new .

’ Nor does he flesh out the suggestion of improving and extending our knowledge of appearances through the mediation of hypothetical conjectures about hidden causes , causes which are ‘ evidenced ’ by appearances .
’ nor does he flesh out the suggestion of improving and extending our knowledge of appearances through the mediation of hypothetical conjectures about hidden causes , causes which are ‘ [shown] ’ by appearances .

Her legendary love of horses is further evidenced by three sparkling equine portraits by Susan Crawford ; and a model corgi ‘ breathes ’ contentedly like the Sleeping Beauty at Madame Tussaud 's .
her legendary love of horses is further [shown] by three sparkling equine portraits by susan crawford ; and a model corgi ‘ breathes ’ contentedly like the sleeping beauty at madame tussaud 's .

The Commons Committee made field visits to the areas highlighted by FoE , and reported that in Cumbria 's Whinlatter Pass ‘ Forestry Commission officials have observed extensive dieback of shoots on Scots Pine , evidenced by browning of needles … Some damage was also observed on Norway Spruce and Sitka Spruce .
the commons committee made field visits to the areas highlighted by foe , and reported that in cumbria 's whinlatter pass ‘ forestry commission officials have observed extensive dieback of shoots on scots pine , [shown] by browning of needles … some damage was also observed on norway spruce and sitka spruce .

This latter intent is evidenced by the number of constables responsible for crime control in Protestant areas who see their role as also having social-welfare and community service dimensions , as illustrated in the last chapter , and , more significantly , by the fact that there are units in Easton specifically responsible for community policing in this largely Protestant district .
this latter intent is [shown] by the number of constables responsible for crime control in protestant areas who see their role as also having social-welfare and community service dimensions , as illustrated in the last chapter , and , more significantly , by the fact that there are units in easton specifically responsible for community policing in this largely protestant district .

Young as he was , he could see the conflict she evidenced as an ‘ off-the-boat Russian ’ with the rest of Leonard 's ‘ classy ’ family .
young as he was , he could see the conflict she [shown] as an ‘ off-the-boat russian ’ with the rest of leonard 's ‘ classy ’ family .

There is a tradition of strong social consciousness in the Church of Ireland , evidenced by its building of hospitals , the support of some of its leadership for the locked-out Dublin workers in 1913 and their activities in other works of mercy without a proselytizing aim .
there is a tradition of strong social consciousness in the church of ireland , [shown] by its building of hospitals , the support of some of its leadership for the locked-out dublin workers in 1913 and their activities in other works of mercy without a proselytizing aim .

That small-scale community touring does n't have to look cheap or lack high-energy skills is evidenced by Theatr West Glamorgan , whose Vanessa is a marvellous display of ensemble performance , sparkling entertainment , political sophistication , sharp direction and smart comedy-even to a non-Welsh speaker .
that small-scale community touring does n't have to look cheap or lack high-energy skills is [shown] by theatr west glamorgan , whose vanessa is a marvellous display of ensemble performance , sparkling entertainment , political sophistication , sharp direction and smart comedy-even to a non-welsh speaker .

The fragmented appearance of their work , especially its Lettrist phase , their repudiation of conventional skills and scholarly manners ( evidenced in their use of personal insults ) have been absorbed by subcultural milieux and in due course adapted by the culture industries .
the fragmented appearance of their work , especially its lettrist phase , their repudiation of conventional skills and scholarly manners ( [shown] in their use of personal insults ) have been absorbed by subcultural milieux and in due course adapted by the culture industries .

This has an unavoidable knock-on effect on Western Europe , as evidenced by the revival of the ‘ German question ’ , and it will eventually lead to Washington reappraising its security interests .
this has an unavoidable knock-on effect on western europe , as [shown] by the revival of the ‘ german question ’ , and it will eventually lead to washington reappraising its security interests .

That Miller was known outside the gardening fraternity at the time is evidenced by the fact that his expertise was sought by Nathan Bailey for his Dictionarum Britannicum or a more Compleat Etymological English Dictionary , 1730 .
that miller was known outside the gardening fraternity at the time is [shown] by the fact that his expertise was sought by nathan bailey for his dictionarum britannicum or a more compleat etymological english dictionary , 1730 .

Even base metals were probably recycled , as evidenced by finds of non-ferrous scrap metal hoards from , for example , the Late Bronze Age in Britain .
even base metals were probably recycled , as [shown] by finds of non-ferrous scrap metal hoards from , for example , the late bronze age in britain .

That a deep-seated and all-embracing blood taboo unquestionably lay at the heart of so much of Jewish belief and ritual practice is clearly evidenced by the later ( Christian ) book of Hebrews which saw fit to characterize Judaism specifically as a covenant of blood , sanctified , purified and redeemed by the blood of cultic sacrifice :
that a deep-seated and all-embracing blood taboo unquestionably lay at the heart of so much of jewish belief and ritual practice is clearly [shown] by the later ( christian ) book of hebrews which saw fit to characterize judaism specifically as a covenant of blood , sanctified , purified and redeemed by the blood of cultic sacrifice :

But despite all efforts , worship of the old gods and goddesses continued throughout the land of Israel and even on occasion at the Temple of Jerusalem itself — as evidenced by the books of Kings and Chronicles , which refer to events of the seventh and sixth centuries .
but despite all efforts , worship of the old gods and goddesses continued throughout the land of israel and even on occasion at the temple of jerusalem itself — as [shown] by the books of kings and chronicles , which refer to events of the seventh and sixth centuries .

Indeed , it has already done so , as evidenced by the Community 's co-ordination of the Western effort to support reform in East Europe .
indeed , it has already done so , as [shown] by the community 's co-ordination of the western effort to support reform in east europe .

Much of the machinery dates from the latter part of the 19th century , as evidenced by the extensive use of iron parts .
much of the machinery dates from the latter part of the 19th century , as [shown] by the extensive use of iron parts .

’ Further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .
’ further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind [shown] a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .

That he did not depart of his own free will is abundantly evidenced by the fact that he left behind all his belongings and expressed the intention of being back within the period of four hours .
that he did not depart of his own free will is abundantly [shown] by the fact that he left behind all his belongings and expressed the intention of being back within the period of four hours .

Courts are however reluctant to take any action which will close premises down , as evidenced by the Shoreham and Cheltenham cases , in which it was between four and five years after the issue of the original writ that the businesses were finally closed down .
courts are however reluctant to take any action which will close premises down , as [shown] by the shoreham and cheltenham cases , in which it was between four and five years after the issue of the original writ that the businesses were finally closed down .

Shifting agriculture is not in itself environmentally harmful , as is evidenced by the long and generally successful history that this type of agriculture has enjoyed in tropical regions .
shifting agriculture is not in itself environmentally harmful , as is [shown] by the long and generally successful history that this type of agriculture has enjoyed in tropical regions .

In the Sikkim Himalaya , for example , forest clearance of steep slopes for maize and rice cultivation have accelerated erosion rates as is evidenced by dry gullies and an increased sediment load of rivers .
in the sikkim himalaya , for example , forest clearance of steep slopes for maize and rice cultivation have accelerated erosion rates as is [shown] by dry gullies and an increased sediment load of rivers .

The general public interest in the possibilities of mass customization is evidenced by a recent article in The New York Times describing the techniques and reporting that representatives of several apparel firms expressed interest in exploring the public willingness to pay for better fitting clothing .
the general public interest in the possibilities of mass customization is [shown] by a recent article in the new york times describing the techniques and reporting that representatives of several apparel firms expressed interest in exploring the public willingness to pay for better fitting clothing .

While Christianity was not a great success in China , it made local headway , evidenced today by the numerous Catholic churches in Macau ’ s historic center .
while christianity was not a great success in china , it made local headway , [shown] today by the numerous catholic churches in macau ’ s historic center .

Prehistory and Early Chronicles As evidenced by bones , weapons , and pottery most recently uncovered by archeologists , the Asian equivalent of Neanderthal Man crossed a now-submerged land bridge from eastern Siberia to what is now Sakhalin Island and northern Japan some 100,000 years ago .
prehistory and early chronicles as [shown] by bones , weapons , and pottery most recently uncovered by archeologists , the asian equivalent of neanderthal man crossed a now-submerged land bridge from eastern siberia to what is now sakhalin island and northern japan some 100,000 years ago .

The Algarve was a region regarded separately within the new Portugal , as is evidenced by the royal title “ Kingdom of Portugal and the Algarve. ” In those days , the notion of the Algarve as a distinct entity did make some sense : like an island , it was cut off to the south and west by the Atlantic , to the east by the Guadiana River , and to the north by the mountains .
the algarve was a region regarded separately within the new portugal , as is [shown] by the royal title “ kingdom of portugal and the algarve. ” in those days , the notion of the algarve as a distinct entity did make some sense : like an island , it was cut off to the south and west by the atlantic , to the east by the guadiana river , and to the north by the mountains .

The church was almost certainly built in the ninth century , as evidenced by the tomb of Wilfred II , dated 912 , that was found here .
the church was almost certainly built in the ninth century , as [shown] by the tomb of wilfred ii , dated 912 , that was found here .

The mysterious Olmecs , from the Gulf Coast of Mexico , left their unmistakable influence here around 1000 b.c. , evidenced by ceramics featuring jaguar-like and Negroid features .
the mysterious olmecs , from the gulf coast of mexico , left their unmistakable influence here around 1000 b.c. , [shown] by ceramics featuring jaguar-like and negroid features .

There are additional complexities to doing research in the emergency department setting , created by the physical environment , the practice environment , the ever-increasing demand for emergency care as evidenced by increases in ED visits , and the financial constraints that affect the type of real-world interventions that can be implemented and evaluated .
there are additional complexities to doing research in the emergency department setting , created by the physical environment , the practice environment , the ever-increasing demand for emergency care as [shown] by increases in ed visits , and the financial constraints that affect the type of real-world interventions that can be implemented and evaluated .

In his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 , he reported that he improved his personal contact and attention to the division offices as evidenced by a 30 percent increase in visits to the divisions that year .
in his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 , he reported that he improved his personal contact and attention to the division offices as [shown] by a 30 percent increase in visits to the divisions that year .

Following VA guidance for bonuses in fiscal year 2001 , senior executives in VBA receive bonuses by demonstrating significant individual and organizational achievements during the performance appraisal year as evidenced by clearly documented , specific executive achievements , such as substantive improvements in the quality of work or significant cost reductions .
following va guidance for bonuses in fiscal year 2001 , senior executives in vba receive bonuses by demonstrating significant individual and organizational achievements during the performance appraisal year as [shown] by clearly documented , specific executive achievements , such as substantive improvements in the quality of work or significant cost reductions .

This may be evidenced by the ability ( 1 ) to retire the PP & E and later return it to service or ( 2 ) to continually upgrade the PP & E to maintain its usefulness .
this may be [shown] by the ability ( 1 ) to retire the pp & e and later return it to service or ( 2 ) to continually upgrade the pp & e to maintain its usefulness .

For example , such approvals could be evidenced by purchase orders signed by an authorized official or travel orders and vouchers signed by supervisors .
for example , such approvals could be [shown] by purchase orders signed by an authorized official or travel orders and vouchers signed by supervisors .

Grower preference for H-2A 's over U.S. workers may be evidenced by their lack of active recruitment of permanent legal residents and other domestic workers .
grower preference for h-2a 's over u.s. workers may be [shown] by their lack of active recruitment of permanent legal residents and other domestic workers .

We did it with the support of two terrific Presidents-John McKay and John Erlenborn-who evidenced their commitment and support for the program 's initiatives in this document with their helpful advice , their useful feedback , their sometimes annoying challenges and criticisms , and ultimately their unswerving support for us , for our grantees and for the clients we are so privileged to serve .
we did it with the support of two terrific presidents-john mckay and john erlenborn-who [shown] their commitment and support for the program 's initiatives in this document with their helpful advice , their useful feedback , their sometimes annoying challenges and criticisms , and ultimately their unswerving support for us , for our grantees and for the clients we are so privileged to serve .

Mihdhar 's mind seems to have been with his family back in Yemen , as evidenced by calls he made from the apartment telephone .
mihdhar 's mind seems to have been with his family back in yemen , as [shown] by calls he made from the apartment telephone .

Atta and Binalshibh used Bahaji 's computer for Internet research , as evidenced by documents and diskettes seized by German authorities after 9/11 .
atta and binalshibh used bahaji 's computer for internet research , as [shown] by documents and diskettes seized by german authorities after 9/11 .

His seminars and lecture courses were enthusiastically received and endorsed by countless students , post-doctoral trainees , and faculty , as evidenced both by his formidable reputation and through the numerous citations of his work .
his seminars and lecture courses were enthusiastically received and endorsed by countless students , post-doctoral trainees , and faculty , as [shown] both by his formidable reputation and through the numerous citations of his work .

There is large diversity in the fraction of individuals with HIV treated per community when equal quantities of ARVs are given to each HCF , evidenced by an inter-quartile range of 0.025 % –41.746 % compared with inter-quartile ranges of 0 % –0 % and 0.011 % –9.982 % for the first comparison strategy and our OEAS , respectively .
there is large diversity in the fraction of individuals with hiv treated per community when equal quantities of arvs are given to each hcf , [shown] by an inter-quartile range of 0.025 % –41.746 % compared with inter-quartile ranges of 0 % –0 % and 0.011 % –9.982 % for the first comparison strategy and our oeas , respectively .

It is of interest to note that despite the large amount of research activity on TIs in patients with suppressed chronic infection and the hundreds of monitored interruptions studied to date , only limited cases of development of clinical resistance ( as evidenced by a lack of viral resuppression following therapy reinitiation ) have emerged , in contrast to the multiple reports of detection of viral sequences off ART associated with resistance as shown in this study and others [ 11,19,29,30,39,40 ] .
it is of interest to note that despite the large amount of research activity on tis in patients with suppressed chronic infection and the hundreds of monitored interruptions studied to date , only limited cases of development of clinical resistance ( as [shown] by a lack of viral resuppression following therapy reinitiation ) have emerged , in contrast to the multiple reports of detection of viral sequences off art associated with resistance as shown in this study and others [ 11,19,29,30,39,40 ] .

However , publishing in Science and Nature was not enough to gain prominence , as evidenced by the number of citations of these researchers .
however , publishing in science and nature was not enough to gain prominence , as [shown] by the number of citations of these researchers .

Human evolution was characterized by the gradual ascendance of vision and reduction of smell , evidenced in the anthropological record by the progressive diminution of the snout as the eyes moved to the middle of the face to subserve depth vision ( Jones et al .
human evolution was characterized by the gradual ascendance of vision and reduction of smell , [shown] in the anthropological record by the progressive diminution of the snout as the eyes moved to the middle of the face to subserve depth vision ( jones et al .

He suspects the international zionist conspiracy , as evidenced by the next letter .
he suspects the international zionist conspiracy , as [shown] by the next letter .

I think most filmmakers do care about the picture quality of their films , as evidenced by the fact that those who broke through with video ( like Rodriguez ) turned to real film the moment they had the money .
i think most filmmakers do care about the picture quality of their films , as [shown] by the fact that those who broke through with video ( like rodriguez ) turned to real film the moment they had the money .

The second focuses on Kosovar Albanians ' efforts , often spearheaded by the former Kosovo Liberation Army and often evidenced by NATO-led peacekeepers , to drive non-Albanians out of the province since the conflict 's end .
the second focuses on kosovar albanians ' efforts , often spearheaded by the former kosovo liberation army and often [shown] by nato-led peacekeepers , to drive non-albanians out of the province since the conflict 's end .

Current critical consensus is that de Hooch was the innovator , Vermeer the perfecter , while current taste ( as evidenced by the overwhelming attendance at the Vermeer show in Washington three years ago ) prefers Vermeer .
current critical consensus is that de hooch was the innovator , vermeer the perfecter , while current taste ( as [shown] by the overwhelming attendance at the vermeer show in washington three years ago ) prefers vermeer .

It is that , as evidenced by this and other paranoiac effusions , Klayman is off his rocker .
it is that , as [shown] by this and other paranoiac effusions , klayman is off his rocker .

In `` Tyson 's Choice , '' Jeffrey Itell claims that Mike Tyson `` may be ... afflicted '' with `` manic-depressive illness , '' as evidenced by his having bitten off part of Evander Holyfield 's ear .
in `` tyson 's choice , '' jeffrey itell claims that mike tyson `` may be ... afflicted '' with `` manic-depressive illness , '' as [shown] by his having bitten off part of evander holyfield 's ear .

Within a day , pundits and politicians turned skeptical , complaining that 1 ) even $ 300 billion would n't hurt the companies enough ; 2 ) they would simply pass the cost along to their addicted customers ; and 3 ) awarding them immunity from liability would be immoral , unconstitutional , and profitable , as evidenced by a rise in tobacco-company stock on news of the talks .
within a day , pundits and politicians turned skeptical , complaining that 1 ) even $ 300 billion would n't hurt the companies enough ; 2 ) they would simply pass the cost along to their addicted customers ; and 3 ) awarding them immunity from liability would be immoral , unconstitutional , and profitable , as [shown] by a rise in tobacco-company stock on news of the talks .

Certainly Sumner Redstone , CEO of Viacom , likes that idea , as evidenced by things like Simon & Schuster 's selling MTV books , Paramount 's releasing The Rugrats movie , and so on .
certainly sumner redstone , ceo of viacom , likes that idea , as [shown] by things like simon & schuster 's selling mtv books , paramount 's releasing the rugrats movie , and so on .

Of course , mixed messages are a persistent danger here , as evidenced by today 's herky-jerky market , where bond prices rose sharply , while the Dow meandered and the Nasdaq actually went up .
of course , mixed messages are a persistent danger here , as [shown] by today 's herky-jerky market , where bond prices rose sharply , while the dow meandered and the nasdaq actually went up .

Even though in the long run that does happen in the U.S. economy ( as evidenced by the steady decline of Planet Hollywood 's stock price , for instance ) , and even though it happens here much more than in any other country 's economy , the `` long run '' can be very long indeed .
even though in the long run that does happen in the u.s. economy ( as [shown] by the steady decline of planet hollywood 's stock price , for instance ) , and even though it happens here much more than in any other country 's economy , the `` long run '' can be very long indeed .

I only need to use your examples as proof that what the Internet has wrought in an unbelievably short time has been profound -- the entire computer industry ( as evidenced by Michael Dell 's success ) has been turned on its ear , the retail industry is reeling ( did you see the many news stories today about Nordstrom 's striking a deal with a well-known Silicon Valley venture firm to jumpstart its Web efforts ?
i only need to use your examples as proof that what the internet has wrought in an unbelievably short time has been profound -- the entire computer industry ( as [shown] by michael dell 's success ) has been turned on its ear , the retail industry is reeling ( did you see the many news stories today about nordstrom 's striking a deal with a well-known silicon valley venture firm to jumpstart its web efforts ?

In any case , it 's not as if the United States has no experience with this sort of thing , as evidenced by the hysteria occasioned by Japanese companies ' acquisitions of properties like Rockefeller Center and Columbia Pictures in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
in any case , it 's not as if the united states has no experience with this sort of thing , as [shown] by the hysteria occasioned by japanese companies ' acquisitions of properties like rockefeller center and columbia pictures in the late 1980s and early 1990s .

Political globalization is catching up to economic globalization , as evidenced by the multinational WTO protests in Seattle .
political globalization is catching up to economic globalization , as [shown] by the multinational wto protests in seattle .

Both sides , he wrote , failed to focus on moral decay as evidenced by such problems as relativism and the `` disastrous feminization of education , '' whatever that means .
both sides , he wrote , failed to focus on moral decay as [shown] by such problems as relativism and the `` disastrous feminization of education , '' whatever that means .

More demonstrative are the uses of the kangaroo , as evidenced by kangaroo dog , kangaroo flesh , kangaroo hide , kangaroo hunt , kangaroo leather , kangaroo rug , kangaroo skin , kangaroo soup , kangaroo steak , kangaroo steamer , kangaroo stew , kangaroo tail , kangaroo tail soup ; of bark , as in bark chopper , bark mill , bark stripper ; of cedar , as in cedar brush , cedar cutter , cedar grounds , cedar party .
more demonstrative are the uses of the kangaroo , as [shown] by kangaroo dog , kangaroo flesh , kangaroo hide , kangaroo hunt , kangaroo leather , kangaroo rug , kangaroo skin , kangaroo soup , kangaroo steak , kangaroo steamer , kangaroo stew , kangaroo tail , kangaroo tail soup ; of bark , as in bark chopper , bark mill , bark stripper ; of cedar , as in cedar brush , cedar cutter , cedar grounds , cedar party .

It was 1972 before the linguist John Haviland identified the word in the Queensland language Guugu Yimidhirr , where it denoted a particular species of kangaroo and evidenced the fineness of distinction that characterizes Aboriginal languages .
it was 1972 before the linguist john haviland identified the word in the queensland language guugu yimidhirr , where it denoted a particular species of kangaroo and [shown] the fineness of distinction that characterizes aboriginal languages .

Here and elsewhere in the two novels we find a shuttling between familiar and formal verb forms ( Digame/Tienes ) that certainly happens in Spanish , as it did in Elizabethan English as evidenced in King Henry IV , Part II , Act II , Scene IV :
here and elsewhere in the two novels we find a shuttling between familiar and formal verb forms ( digame/tienes ) that certainly happens in spanish , as it did in elizabethan english as [shown] in king henry iv , part ii , act ii , scene iv :

It is also a gradual process , as evidenced by the sequence of to day , to-day , today .
it is also a gradual process , as [shown] by the sequence of to day , to-day , today .

Such a move had , indeed , taken place many years before Philip Gove 's editorship of the MW-III and is evidenced in such works as the Merriam-Webster Collegiate , Webster 's New World , and American College dictionaries , among others .
such a move had , indeed , taken place many years before philip gove 's editorship of the mw-iii and is [shown] in such works as the merriam-webster collegiate , webster 's new world , and american college dictionaries , among others .

Although it might be seen as commendable to make the interpretation of pronunciation symbols as easy as possible for the laziest users , I have little sympathy for the policy : in most cases , those who are too lazy to learn even the rudimentary respelling systems used in popular dictionaries ( like the various college and desk dictionaries ) are also too lazy to look up the pronunciation of a name or word , as is evidenced daily in the utterances of newscasters and announcers .
although it might be seen as commendable to make the interpretation of pronunciation symbols as easy as possible for the laziest users , i have little sympathy for the policy : in most cases , those who are too lazy to learn even the rudimentary respelling systems used in popular dictionaries ( like the various college and desk dictionaries ) are also too lazy to look up the pronunciation of a name or word , as is [shown] daily in the utterances of newscasters and announcers .

Being behind bars is sometimes very dangerous , as evidenced by terms like shank , smork , gringa , and White House .
being behind bars is sometimes very dangerous , as [shown] by terms like shank , smork , gringa , and white house .

What more natural than that the White perception of a bird destined to become a plaything of the western world -- as evidenced by another of its names , the lovebird -- should become paramount .
what more natural than that the white perception of a bird destined to become a plaything of the western world -- as [shown] by another of its names , the lovebird -- should become paramount .

