Consequently , any measure which seeks to strengthen central influence on the curriculum and to weaken teachers ' autonomy in curriculum matters is still likely to evince the same suspicion and hostility with which teachers responded to ‘ payment by results ’ .
consequently , any measure which seeks to strengthen central influence on the curriculum and to weaken teachers ' autonomy in curriculum matters is still likely to [reveal/show] the same suspicion and hostility with which teachers responded to ‘ payment by results ’ .

The next morning , so it was reported from the White House lawn , President Bush was ‘ vexed ’ and ‘ frustrated ’ by the verdict , presumably because he would now have to evince symbolic ‘ concern ’ and make well-publicised calls on the attorney general to see if Rodney King 's civil rights had been abused .
the next morning , so it was reported from the white house lawn , president bush was ‘ vexed ’ and ‘ frustrated ’ by the verdict , presumably because he would now have to [reveal/show] symbolic ‘ concern ’ and make well-publicised calls on the attorney general to see if rodney king 's civil rights had been abused .

Today it seems to evince a growing recognition that totalization can not be achieved without a movement involving the transcendence of itself .
today it seems to [reveal/show] a growing recognition that totalization can not be achieved without a movement involving the transcendence of itself .

It was apparent to Miss Wharton , on that first day , that he had never been inside a church before , but neither then nor on any subsequent visit did he evince the least curiosity about its purpose .
it was apparent to miss wharton , on that first day , that he had never been inside a church before , but neither then nor on any subsequent visit did he [reveal/show] the least curiosity about its purpose .

In Wishart 's opinion Minton , despite the gaiety he stimulated , was never happy : he did not complain or evince self-pity but he conveyed a bitter acceptance that , owing to some gross farce on the part of creation , happiness had eluded him .
in wishart 's opinion minton , despite the gaiety he stimulated , was never happy : he did not complain or [reveal/show] self-pity but he conveyed a bitter acceptance that , owing to some gross farce on the part of creation , happiness had eluded him .

Yes ; Jenny would undoubtedly evince a lively curiosity in the beautiful Johnny Latimer .
yes ; jenny would undoubtedly [reveal/show] a lively curiosity in the beautiful johnny latimer .

Three editions of Stringer 's tract , Variety of Surprising Experiments ( 1703 , 1705 , and 1707 ) , supplemented by three published open letters to Woodroffe ( in 1704 and 1707 ) evince his skill in devising these and other chemico-mineral medicines along Paracelsian lines .
three editions of stringer 's tract , variety of surprising experiments ( 1703 , 1705 , and 1707 ) , supplemented by three published open letters to woodroffe ( in 1704 and 1707 ) [reveal/show] his skill in devising these and other chemico-mineral medicines along paracelsian lines .

Roughly speaking , children under five or six years often fail to solve problems of comparison containing such terms , while older children evince no such difficulty .
roughly speaking , children under five or six years often fail to solve problems of comparison containing such terms , while older children [reveal/show] no such difficulty .

The preface and to a still greater degree the text of the memorandum evince the author 's hidden intention to provide general ideas for the transformation of the whole of Russia `` .
the preface and to a still greater degree the text of the memorandum [reveal/show] the author 's hidden intention to provide general ideas for the transformation of the whole of russia `` .

She was finding it increasingly difficult to sit here , in his home , trying to cope with the spectrum of emotions that chased pell-mell through her from one moment to the next , and at the same time evince a polite interest in Richard 's remarks .
she was finding it increasingly difficult to sit here , in his home , trying to cope with the spectrum of emotions that chased pell-mell through her from one moment to the next , and at the same time [reveal/show] a polite interest in richard 's remarks .

It was a change for him to evince curiosity .
it was a change for him to [reveal/show] curiosity .

But not-withstanding a strong attachment to Schopenhauerian doctrine , Wagner does not evince any serious theoretical interest in tragedy as such ; and therefore he can not , one might add , effectively reassert the special claims of tragedy , especially Greek tragedy , which Schopenhauer himself had tended to discount .
but not-withstanding a strong attachment to schopenhauerian doctrine , wagner does not [reveal/show] any serious theoretical interest in tragedy as such ; and therefore he can not , one might add , effectively reassert the special claims of tragedy , especially greek tragedy , which schopenhauer himself had tended to discount .

Wolf himself poignantly enough , did not evince this inward-looking spirit .
wolf himself poignantly enough , did not [reveal/show] this inward-looking spirit .

They also evince an obvious preference for Greek , as against Latin , as an object of study — a preference that can be traced back to Nietzsche 's schooldays , which produced a noteworthy essay on Sophocles ' Oedipus Rex ( 1864 ) .
they also [reveal/show] an obvious preference for greek , as against latin , as an object of study — a preference that can be traced back to nietzsche 's schooldays , which produced a noteworthy essay on sophocles ' oedipus rex ( 1864 ) .

His letters evince the excitement he felt at undertaking this journey , one which few Europeans had as yet made , and his anticipation of getting plenty of big game hunting on the way .
his letters [reveal/show] the excitement he felt at undertaking this journey , one which few europeans had as yet made , and his anticipation of getting plenty of big game hunting on the way .

Anyway , it does no harm for a politician to evince some passing interest in sport .
anyway , it does no harm for a politician to [reveal/show] some passing interest in sport .

Killer whales evidently evince feelings of considerable fear in these creatures for even the usually timid Grey seal has been known to jump right out of the sea , joining a man upon a rock , when Killer whales were about .
killer whales evidently [reveal/show] feelings of considerable fear in these creatures for even the usually timid grey seal has been known to jump right out of the sea , joining a man upon a rock , when killer whales were about .

Both Brokaw ( born in 1940 ) and Spielberg ( born in 1946 ) evince a powerful sense of nostalgia for the world of their fathers .
both brokaw ( born in 1940 ) and spielberg ( born in 1946 ) [reveal/show] a powerful sense of nostalgia for the world of their fathers .

In other respects , too , they evince a `` prickly xenophobic nationalism . ''
in other respects , too , they [reveal/show] a `` prickly xenophobic nationalism . ''

