The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again .
the company which performed the pulitzer prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines [inspire] happy memories , and the little flower rides to break a lance again .

I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly .
i was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might [inspire] responses more quickly .

If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke .
if we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they [inspire] .

Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain .
even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to [inspire] any signs of pain .

I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this ; ;
i could [inspire] no further elaboration from her about this ; ;

That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously muted reaction .
that which i found most profound and most disturbing appeared to [inspire] a curiously muted reaction .

There 's nothing like a steam railway to evoke the atmosphere needed for a truly British Romantic film set in days gone by .
there 's nothing like a steam railway to [inspire] the atmosphere needed for a truly british romantic film set in days gone by .

Well , if there 's one aircraft which can still evoke memories of those Cold War days this is it .
well , if there 's one aircraft which can still [inspire] memories of those cold war days this is it .

If those scenes evoke screen drama , others are closer to radio — particularly a very funny sex scene which takes place entirely in the dark .
if those scenes [inspire] screen drama , others are closer to radio — particularly a very funny sex scene which takes place entirely in the dark .

Pinafores and fit-and-flare coats , ruffles , cuffs and heeled lace-up boots evoke Edwardian elegance , while grandad collars , pinstripes , waistcoats and tweeds are a stylish re-writing of the 20s workwear look .
pinafores and fit-and-flare coats , ruffles , cuffs and heeled lace-up boots [inspire] edwardian elegance , while grandad collars , pinstripes , waistcoats and tweeds are a stylish re-writing of the 20s workwear look .

Although Scotty is reputed to have recorded over 500 sides with Elvis , it 's those early sessions which evoke the most passion : Phillips ' Sun recordings where Presley was at his raw best and where the band was allowed to gel , with improvisation and vitality the order of the day .
although scotty is reputed to have recorded over 500 sides with elvis , it 's those early sessions which [inspire] the most passion : phillips ' sun recordings where presley was at his raw best and where the band was allowed to gel , with improvisation and vitality the order of the day .

If you think not of yourself and your own feelings but of the other person , your interest and concern is likely to evoke a response .
if you think not of yourself and your own feelings but of the other person , your interest and concern is likely to [inspire] a response .

But if we listen to them carefully , it is evident that they parade their doubts not so much to resolve them as to evoke public sympathy and to gain that sense of identity which comes from subconsciously defining themselves by their problems .
but if we listen to them carefully , it is evident that they parade their doubts not so much to resolve them as to [inspire] public sympathy and to gain that sense of identity which comes from subconsciously defining themselves by their problems .

The word ‘ murder ’ itself constantly on someone 's lips , like a sonorous curse , seemed to have the power to evoke those half-suppressed images of his father 's face which had become as unclear , as devoid of any life , as an old photograph .
the word ‘ murder ’ itself constantly on someone 's lips , like a sonorous curse , seemed to have the power to [inspire] those half-suppressed images of his father 's face which had become as unclear , as devoid of any life , as an old photograph .

With the ability to convey deep emotion , evoke strong feeling and rekindle atmosphere , colour is one of the most powerful elements within a composition .
with the ability to convey deep emotion , [inspire] strong feeling and rekindle atmosphere , colour is one of the most powerful elements within a composition .

The encrusted surfaces of Oulton 's canvases could be compared to the thick layering and tortured reworking of paint in the art of Kossoff or Auerbach , whose paintings evoke a continuous grappling with doubt , like the late works of Titian or Rembrandt .
the encrusted surfaces of oulton 's canvases could be compared to the thick layering and tortured reworking of paint in the art of kossoff or auerbach , whose paintings [inspire] a continuous grappling with doubt , like the late works of titian or rembrandt .

Works such as ‘ Human Bondage ’ evoke emblems of the right-wing like swastikas and Union Jacks , while in ‘ Paki ’ and ‘ Here And There ’ there is a disturbingly ambiguous relationship between the artists and the black and Asian subjects they share the photos with .
works such as ‘ human bondage ’ [inspire] emblems of the right-wing like swastikas and union jacks , while in ‘ paki ’ and ‘ here and there ’ there is a disturbingly ambiguous relationship between the artists and the black and asian subjects they share the photos with .

The importance of Fritz and Hitzig 's work lay in their demonstration that with brief , low-intensity electrical stimulation it was only possible to evoke movement from a restricted area of the cerebral cortex , hence the name ‘ electrically excitable motor cortex ’ .
the importance of fritz and hitzig 's work lay in their demonstration that with brief , low-intensity electrical stimulation it was only possible to [inspire] movement from a restricted area of the cerebral cortex , hence the name ‘ electrically excitable motor cortex ’ .

Virtually anything waved around in the receptive fields of these cells will evoke a response under the right conditions .
virtually anything waved around in the receptive fields of these cells will [inspire] a response under the right conditions .

Associations can be formed by allowing two networks to intersect and interact so that patterns of activity in one network can evoke predictable patterns in the other .
associations can be formed by allowing two networks to intersect and interact so that patterns of activity in one network can [inspire] predictable patterns in the other .

First , human genes affect the way that the mind is formed — which stimuli we perceive , how information is processed , the kinds of memories most easily stored and recalled , the emotions they are most likely to evoke , and so on .
first , human genes affect the way that the mind is formed — which stimuli we perceive , how information is processed , the kinds of memories most easily stored and recalled , the emotions they are most likely to [inspire] , and so on .

This is designed to evoke chilling reminders of men , women , and children huddled in ghastly expectation ; dying in pogroms and concentration camps .
this is designed to [inspire] chilling reminders of men , women , and children huddled in ghastly expectation ; dying in pogroms and concentration camps .

Despite this , the face can not fail to evoke a sense of wonder ; the fusion of sheer scale and complexity of the rock architecture sees to that .
despite this , the face can not fail to [inspire] a sense of wonder ; the fusion of sheer scale and complexity of the rock architecture sees to that .

Ignoring does not evoke the same intense emotional reaction as punishment in either the child or the parent .
ignoring does not [inspire] the same intense emotional reaction as punishment in either the child or the parent .

Parents should try to list a series of daily confrontations that evoke tantrums .
parents should try to list a series of daily confrontations that [inspire] tantrums .

Smearing occurs more frequently in severely learning disabled children and is often part of exploring sensation or deliberate behaviour to evoke reactions from care-takers .
smearing occurs more frequently in severely learning disabled children and is often part of exploring sensation or deliberate behaviour to [inspire] reactions from care-takers .

Take two felt-tip pens , of different colours , and underline in one colour all the words that catch the meaning you intended , that evoke strongly the feelings you have about the room .
take two felt-tip pens , of different colours , and underline in one colour all the words that catch the meaning you intended , that [inspire] strongly the feelings you have about the room .

There is a kind of mystical , powerful writing which does not simply evoke the spirit of place in order to determine action but seeks to converse with it , enter into a dialogue with all that has gone before .
there is a kind of mystical , powerful writing which does not simply [inspire] the spirit of place in order to determine action but seeks to converse with it , enter into a dialogue with all that has gone before .

So far we have concentrated on taking control of feelings of humour or fright so you can represent them in a way which will evoke strong feelings in your readers .
so far we have concentrated on taking control of feelings of humour or fright so you can represent them in a way which will [inspire] strong feelings in your readers .

In Blake 's poem and Hemingway 's reportage , there is a correspondence between the writer 's anger and the conditions that evoke it .
in blake 's poem and hemingway 's reportage , there is a correspondence between the writer 's anger and the conditions that [inspire] it .

The strange factor is that what may evoke this process could be a rather wonderful event , perhaps linked to a relationship or career matter .
the strange factor is that what may [inspire] this process could be a rather wonderful event , perhaps linked to a relationship or career matter .

Monica Seles , the only person from the former Yugoslavia whose name does n't evoke instant sympathy , was reduced to blessed silence when losing to Steffi Graf in the Wimbledon ladies ' final .
monica seles , the only person from the former yugoslavia whose name does n't [inspire] instant sympathy , was reduced to blessed silence when losing to steffi graf in the wimbledon ladies ' final .

Like the Serpent , the Swastika crystallizes fundamental principles relating to the activity of Universal forces and their relationship to terrestrial life , and was designed to evoke an intuitive realization or response rather than an intellectual understanding .
like the serpent , the swastika crystallizes fundamental principles relating to the activity of universal forces and their relationship to terrestrial life , and was designed to [inspire] an intuitive realization or response rather than an intellectual understanding .

In India , ashrams and temples are likewise situated where electromagnetic variations evoke heightened mental responses .
in india , ashrams and temples are likewise situated where electromagnetic variations [inspire] heightened mental responses .

L-Fields reflect also mental and emotional states which evoke energy in the nervous system .
l-fields reflect also mental and emotional states which [inspire] energy in the nervous system .

In the case of humans — to the physical factors or the environment , the ideological environment must be added , because a idea is just as valid as a kick in the teeth ; ideas are actually more important stimuli to the nervous system than are other types of stimuli ; ideas are , or induce , emotions that evoke energy in the nervous system .
in the case of humans — to the physical factors or the environment , the ideological environment must be added , because a idea is just as valid as a kick in the teeth ; ideas are actually more important stimuli to the nervous system than are other types of stimuli ; ideas are , or induce , emotions that [inspire] energy in the nervous system .

The mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — exhibits frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth ; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love , understanding and compassion — are suffocated ; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions , rejections or guilts , destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences , and depression , grief , hopelessness and helplessness all evoke a desire for self-annihilation if sustained ; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves .
the mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — exhibits frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth ; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love , understanding and compassion — are suffocated ; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions , rejections or guilts , destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences , and depression , grief , hopelessness and helplessness all [inspire] a desire for self-annihilation if sustained ; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves .

No doubt attempting to forestall criticism and evoke compassion , he began with the pregnancy , highlighting it twice .
no doubt attempting to forestall criticism and [inspire] compassion , he began with the pregnancy , highlighting it twice .

Certain locations can evoke in us a very strong sense of ‘ belonging ’ , of déjà vu , almost as if the spirits of our long-since-departed forebears still walked the streets .
certain locations can [inspire] in us a very strong sense of ‘ belonging ’ , of déjà vu , almost as if the spirits of our long-since-departed forebears still walked the streets .

Its evocative power derived not only from its biblical roots , but also from the fact that it did not evoke clergy or hierarchy but rather the basic equality of all the baptized .
its evocative power derived not only from its biblical roots , but also from the fact that it did not [inspire] clergy or hierarchy but rather the basic equality of all the baptized .

It relates to feelings of respect , admiration , importance , sometimes even fear , that we wish to evoke in others .
it relates to feelings of respect , admiration , importance , sometimes even fear , that we wish to [inspire] in others .

News of the Republican-Liberal alliance was carefully staged last week to evoke parallels with the ‘ fusion ticket ’ put together in 1933 by Fiorello La Guardia , one of New York 's greatest mayors .
news of the republican-liberal alliance was carefully staged last week to [inspire] parallels with the ‘ fusion ticket ’ put together in 1933 by fiorello la guardia , one of new york 's greatest mayors .

He is also showing medium-sized welded steel pieces whose curved , crisp-edged planes evoke the spirit of Futurism .
he is also showing medium-sized welded steel pieces whose curved , crisp-edged planes [inspire] the spirit of futurism .

The museum has treated this material in thematic fashion , reserving a concluding gallery for ‘ The Green Room ’ series of paintings ( 1907 ) , that bitter cycle of love and jealousy which was intended to evoke the mood of a brothel in Berlin .
the museum has treated this material in thematic fashion , reserving a concluding gallery for ‘ the green room ’ series of paintings ( 1907 ) , that bitter cycle of love and jealousy which was intended to [inspire] the mood of a brothel in berlin .

It is obvious to me now , though perhaps it was not then , that every revolution will evoke a response from those who fear change or who question the wisdom of moving too far or too quickly from the comfort which traditional practice gives .
it is obvious to me now , though perhaps it was not then , that every revolution will [inspire] a response from those who fear change or who question the wisdom of moving too far or too quickly from the comfort which traditional practice gives .

These have no pretensions to beauty as we normally conceive it ; they evoke the fecund , swelling , expansive , receptive aspect of womanhood .
these have no pretensions to beauty as we normally conceive it ; they [inspire] the fecund , swelling , expansive , receptive aspect of womanhood .

We can evoke particular qualities of feeling as we choose , drawing from our own emotional resources .
we can [inspire] particular qualities of feeling as we choose , drawing from our own emotional resources .

By sandwiching together two acid-etched pieces of glass , one pink , one green , Reyntiens was able to evoke the fine gradations , the dappled surface , of apples .
by sandwiching together two acid-etched pieces of glass , one pink , one green , reyntiens was able to [inspire] the fine gradations , the dappled surface , of apples .

Objects such as a shoe or slipper can also evoke this response if the dog was hit in the past .
objects such as a shoe or slipper can also [inspire] this response if the dog was hit in the past .

He was interested passionately in housing , rating , local government , drainage schemes , the selection of building experts and a multitude of other matters of profound importance to our society but unlikely to evoke great curiosity from lesser minds .
he was interested passionately in housing , rating , local government , drainage schemes , the selection of building experts and a multitude of other matters of profound importance to our society but unlikely to [inspire] great curiosity from lesser minds .

In a scientific , efficient , rationalized business , which agriculture is increasingly moving towards , the trappings of anything which smacks of paternalism can evoke embarrassment among both farmers and farm workers , and even some annoyance among the latter .
in a scientific , efficient , rationalized business , which agriculture is increasingly moving towards , the trappings of anything which smacks of paternalism can [inspire] embarrassment among both farmers and farm workers , and even some annoyance among the latter .

To evoke a judicial response in either situation , however , it is likely that the company 's behaviour will need to be glaringly out of line with that of similarly situated enterprises .
to [inspire] a judicial response in either situation , however , it is likely that the company 's behaviour will need to be glaringly out of line with that of similarly situated enterprises .

With or without words , it has the ability to create an atmosphere , to evoke memories , and to enable worshippers to receive from God and to respond to him .
with or without words , it has the ability to create an atmosphere , to [inspire] memories , and to enable worshippers to receive from god and to respond to him .

Although it is clearly the case that coronations and royal weddings seem to evoke strong emotional responses ( Jennings and Madge , 1987 ; Ziegler , 1978 ) a rhetorical approach can not rest content with a description , which suggests that British attitudes are quite so straightforward .
although it is clearly the case that coronations and royal weddings seem to [inspire] strong emotional responses ( jennings and madge , 1987 ; ziegler , 1978 ) a rhetorical approach can not rest content with a description , which suggests that british attitudes are quite so straightforward .

All this is , of course , quite illusory ; the object is just as likely as the word , if not more so , to evoke variable responses and invite a variety of interpretations .
all this is , of course , quite illusory ; the object is just as likely as the word , if not more so , to [inspire] variable responses and invite a variety of interpretations .

As external forms , however , objects may also be independent of the interpretation of any one particular group , and their consistency as a material presence may belie the actual variety of meanings they evoke .
as external forms , however , objects may also be independent of the interpretation of any one particular group , and their consistency as a material presence may belie the actual variety of meanings they [inspire] .

Non-verbal elements such as gesture ( Hall , 1959 ) , glance ( Goffman , 1959 ) , timing ( Wrapp , 1967 ) , movement and props are also able to evoke similar responses .
non-verbal elements such as gesture ( hall , 1959 ) , glance ( goffman , 1959 ) , timing ( wrapp , 1967 ) , movement and props are also able to [inspire] similar responses .

They can , therefore , evoke a defensive , sometimes hostile , response from teachers that is anything but conducive to creative effort in the direction of curriculum improvement .
they can , therefore , [inspire] a defensive , sometimes hostile , response from teachers that is anything but conducive to creative effort in the direction of curriculum improvement .

It is not surprising that such symbolism should unconsciously echo or evoke those infantile structures of representation through which identities and differences are first negotiated and invested with a sense of mastery , or that these models should be reproduced in the way racism is itself conceptualized .
it is not surprising that such symbolism should unconsciously echo or [inspire] those infantile structures of representation through which identities and differences are first negotiated and invested with a sense of mastery , or that these models should be reproduced in the way racism is itself conceptualized .

The change of any of these values , however , would immediately evoke the re-calculation of the functional value and , if out of range , its subsequent display on the screen .
the change of any of these values , however , would immediately [inspire] the re-calculation of the functional value and , if out of range , its subsequent display on the screen .

In reality , they are simply attracted by notes which evoke the sound of wings .
in reality , they are simply attracted by notes which [inspire] the sound of wings .

No longer will high status evoke deference and admiration or envy and resentment from those in less worthy positions .
no longer will high status [inspire] deference and admiration or envy and resentment from those in less worthy positions .

Particularly strong articulative relationships are established when what we can call ‘ cross-connotation ’ takes place : that is , when two or more different elements are made to connote , symbolize or evoke each other .
particularly strong articulative relationships are established when what we can call ‘ cross-connotation ’ takes place : that is , when two or more different elements are made to connote , symbolize or [inspire] each other .

Similarly , early Elvis Presley managed to link together elements connoting youth rebellion , working-class ‘ earthiness ’ and ethnic ‘ roots ’ , each of which can evoke the others , all of which were articulated together , however briefly , by a moment of popular self-assertion .
similarly , early elvis presley managed to link together elements connoting youth rebellion , working-class ‘ earthiness ’ and ethnic ‘ roots ’ , each of which can [inspire] the others , all of which were articulated together , however briefly , by a moment of popular self-assertion .

Both exhibitions are concerned with that representation of the figure which is meant to evoke an awareness in the viewer of subtlety and process , of the deceit of the eye in which , Pygmalion-like , we knowingly participate .
both exhibitions are concerned with that representation of the figure which is meant to [inspire] an awareness in the viewer of subtlety and process , of the deceit of the eye in which , pygmalion-like , we knowingly participate .

But Cooper 's figures also possess a larger than life boldness due not so much to childlike innocence but to the kind of confidence we imagine Eve and Adam had before the Fall , However , she is not confronting us with an easily gained optimism nor do her disembodied heads , upturned women and mild impassive eyes really evoke a vision of dream .
but cooper 's figures also possess a larger than life boldness due not so much to childlike innocence but to the kind of confidence we imagine eve and adam had before the fall , however , she is not confronting us with an easily gained optimism nor do her disembodied heads , upturned women and mild impassive eyes really [inspire] a vision of dream .

With their combination of brisk movement and weighty shadows , they richly evoke the ambience of the city and of college life .
with their combination of brisk movement and weighty shadows , they richly [inspire] the ambience of the city and of college life .

Music to evoke her , music she might have favoured .
music to [inspire] her , music she might have favoured .

These mementos evoke both respectful memories and an insight into the changes of the woman 's role up to the certain ‘ decadence ’ , where the family is slowly fading wither her as a last , childless descendant .
these mementos [inspire] both respectful memories and an insight into the changes of the woman 's role up to the certain ‘ decadence ’ , where the family is slowly fading wither her as a last , childless descendant .

The very phrase corporatism is a problem since it continues to evoke the spectre of Italian fascism and authoritarian rule .
the very phrase corporatism is a problem since it continues to [inspire] the spectre of italian fascism and authoritarian rule .

It 's full of emotion that , though managed and sculpted to the mainstream — produced to a glowing sheen by Steely Dan hand Garry Katz — has the integrity to evoke smiles rather than condescension .
it 's full of emotion that , though managed and sculpted to the mainstream — produced to a glowing sheen by steely dan hand garry katz — has the integrity to [inspire] smiles rather than condescension .

While the above are possibly reinforcing features , school curricula , may also evoke tensions in gender identities .
while the above are possibly reinforcing features , school curricula , may also [inspire] tensions in gender identities .

This poem , written in free verse , was one of the first in which Apollinaire eliminated punctuation , and was composed of seemingly disconnected , partially self-sufficient phrases and ideas , which by their placing and interaction serve to evoke both form and atmosphere .
this poem , written in free verse , was one of the first in which apollinaire eliminated punctuation , and was composed of seemingly disconnected , partially self-sufficient phrases and ideas , which by their placing and interaction serve to [inspire] both form and atmosphere .

Someone suggested the Mayor of St Louis , Missouri , thinking that the consonance of names might perhaps evoke sympathy .
someone suggested the mayor of st louis , missouri , thinking that the consonance of names might perhaps [inspire] sympathy .

To live the gesture in immobility is to evoke and therefore to have observed the gesture .
to live the gesture in immobility is to [inspire] and therefore to have observed the gesture .

They were soulless little beings , numerous and uniform , no more than a commercial product bred to a standard , and Reynolds was slightly disturbed to find that they did n't evoke any feeling of sympathy from him .
they were soulless little beings , numerous and uniform , no more than a commercial product bred to a standard , and reynolds was slightly disturbed to find that they did n't [inspire] any feeling of sympathy from him .

William completed the east end of the Trinity chapel with a tall polygonal chapel , the corona , whose unique design was intended to evoke the ‘ crown of martyrdom ’ which Becket had won .
william completed the east end of the trinity chapel with a tall polygonal chapel , the corona , whose unique design was intended to [inspire] the ‘ crown of martyrdom ’ which becket had won .

The books , which have become classics of country writing , evoke the vigorous life of a hamlet , a village , and a country town in the England of the 1880s .
the books , which have become classics of country writing , [inspire] the vigorous life of a hamlet , a village , and a country town in the england of the 1880s .

The way a Tin Pan Alley ballad , with its false sentiment and facile melody , could still seem piercingly lovely , and could still evoke genuine emotions ; the way a Woolworth 's calendar could make someone see beauty ; the way a plastic crucifix could inspire the rarest worship .
the way a tin pan alley ballad , with its false sentiment and facile melody , could still seem piercingly lovely , and could still [inspire] genuine emotions ; the way a woolworth 's calendar could make someone see beauty ; the way a plastic crucifix could inspire the rarest worship .

In Example 71 the two lower voices have ‘ clanging ’ motifs which evoke the atmosphere of the blacksmith 's forge : Here the ostinatos are unchanging pedal notes , but of course they could be recurring musical designs with changing harmonic potential to give them both a structural and an emotional purpose .
in example 71 the two lower voices have ‘ clanging ’ motifs which [inspire] the atmosphere of the blacksmith 's forge : here the ostinatos are unchanging pedal notes , but of course they could be recurring musical designs with changing harmonic potential to give them both a structural and an emotional purpose .

Yet the director contrives to evoke sympathy in the spectator towards the half-human protagonist played by Jeff Goldblum , and , by implication , ambiguity towards the virus and death itself .
yet the director contrives to [inspire] sympathy in the spectator towards the half-human protagonist played by jeff goldblum , and , by implication , ambiguity towards the virus and death itself .

and attempts to evoke ahead of time a vivid anticipation of the experience with its associated feelings of anxiety , tension , depression and deprivation .
and attempts to [inspire] ahead of time a vivid anticipation of the experience with its associated feelings of anxiety , tension , depression and deprivation .

First , they evoke the quest for a pure timbre without vibrato , a uniformly sustained sound with a constricting effect upon the ability to phrase , and a predilection for uniformly slow tempos .
first , they [inspire] the quest for a pure timbre without vibrato , a uniformly sustained sound with a constricting effect upon the ability to phrase , and a predilection for uniformly slow tempos .

Changes in aggregate demand would evoke quantity changes and not price changes .
changes in aggregate demand would [inspire] quantity changes and not price changes .

The recipes and the suggested menus evoke the days of English parlourmaids handing round every course in silver-plated entrée dishes far too big for the food they contained , while the illustrations of table decorations devised by Mr Thomas Lowinsky depict such conversation stimulators as `` two dead branches in an accumulator jar `` , or `` a spiral of chromium-plated steel pierced with holes through which the stems of flowers are passed `` .
the recipes and the suggested menus [inspire] the days of english parlourmaids handing round every course in silver-plated entrée dishes far too big for the food they contained , while the illustrations of table decorations devised by mr thomas lowinsky depict such conversation stimulators as `` two dead branches in an accumulator jar `` , or `` a spiral of chromium-plated steel pierced with holes through which the stems of flowers are passed `` .

The poem takes its title from a ledge of rock off Cape Ann which acted as a seamark when Eliot , as a boy , used to sail out of Gloucester Harbour , and its first lines evoke the presence of the Mississippi which he had felt as a child in St Louis .
the poem takes its title from a ledge of rock off cape ann which acted as a seamark when eliot , as a boy , used to sail out of gloucester harbour , and its first lines [inspire] the presence of the mississippi which he had felt as a child in st louis .

It was this constant strain of pessimism , both about his own writing and about the civilization of which he was a part , that Wyndham Lewis tried to evoke in a portrait of Eliot which he was painting in the spring of 1949 `` The body slightly tilted , `` he explained , `` … in resigned anticipation of the worst . ``
it was this constant strain of pessimism , both about his own writing and about the civilization of which he was a part , that wyndham lewis tried to [inspire] in a portrait of eliot which he was painting in the spring of 1949 `` the body slightly tilted , `` he explained , `` … in resigned anticipation of the worst . ``

The dilemma of those who evoke consciousness as the basis of phenomena was succinctly stated by Ronnie Knox in his limerick on idealism : There once was a man who said `` God Must think it exceedingly odd If he finds that this tree Continues to be When there 's no one about in the Quad . ``
the dilemma of those who [inspire] consciousness as the basis of phenomena was succinctly stated by ronnie knox in his limerick on idealism : there once was a man who said `` god must think it exceedingly odd if he finds that this tree continues to be when there 's no one about in the quad . ``

Nightmares can perhaps better be defined in terms of the emotions they evoke , rather than any particular subject-matter .
nightmares can perhaps better be defined in terms of the emotions they [inspire] , rather than any particular subject-matter .

It is not to be expected , however , that the killing of the fatted calf for the prodigal son will evoke any more enthusiasm in his virtuous brother than it did in the scriptural parable .
it is not to be expected , however , that the killing of the fatted calf for the prodigal son will [inspire] any more enthusiasm in his virtuous brother than it did in the scriptural parable .

After all , the best comedy has a serious intent , and Forsyth clearly wants to evoke more than just laughter .
after all , the best comedy has a serious intent , and forsyth clearly wants to [inspire] more than just laughter .

Traditional Russian dishes such as bortsch , chicken Kiev and goulash , served amid decor designed to evoke a restaurant in Czarist Russia .
traditional russian dishes such as bortsch , chicken kiev and goulash , served amid decor designed to [inspire] a restaurant in czarist russia .

How many of the popular novels of the past evoke derision rather than appreciation if we read them in too literal a spirit !
how many of the popular novels of the past [inspire] derision rather than appreciation if we read them in too literal a spirit !

The prose of Dornford Yates , intended to evoke the codes and idiom of chivalry , has been described as ‘ Lincoln 's Inn prose laced with Jacobethan ’ .
the prose of dornford yates , intended to [inspire] the codes and idiom of chivalry , has been described as ‘ lincoln 's inn prose laced with jacobethan ’ .

The old pubs evoke images of a former time when Horncastle was famous throughout the land for its Horse Fairs and when hostelries were packed with horse dealers .
the old pubs [inspire] images of a former time when horncastle was famous throughout the land for its horse fairs and when hostelries were packed with horse dealers .

’ The poem is rich in language , vivid in imagery , mysterious and enchanting in its overall effect and uses to its best advantage various language features to evoke an atmosphere of grandeur and magnificence conveying the author 's passion for something which would otherwise remain a mere vehicle to the reader .
’ the poem is rich in language , vivid in imagery , mysterious and enchanting in its overall effect and uses to its best advantage various language features to [inspire] an atmosphere of grandeur and magnificence conveying the author 's passion for something which would otherwise remain a mere vehicle to the reader .

It 's full of emotion that , though managed and sculpted to the mainstream — produced to a glowing sheen by Steely Dan hand Garry Katz — has the integrity to evoke smiles rather than condescension .
it 's full of emotion that , though managed and sculpted to the mainstream — produced to a glowing sheen by steely dan hand garry katz — has the integrity to [inspire] smiles rather than condescension .

According to The Hindu of March 31 , Lal had acted in order to pre-empt a possible move by Singh to remove Chauthala from the party and also in order to convey a message to the Prime Minister that any action against his son `` could not only evoke resistance but provoke counterattacks `` .
according to the hindu of march 31 , lal had acted in order to pre-empt a possible move by singh to remove chauthala from the party and also in order to convey a message to the prime minister that any action against his son `` could not only [inspire] resistance but provoke counterattacks `` .

Now , with the work in progress , the house continues to evoke emotions .
now , with the work in progress , the house continues to [inspire] emotions .

No-one can doubt its power to evoke the imagination of millions upon millions of people through the ages and today .
no-one can doubt its power to [inspire] the imagination of millions upon millions of people through the ages and today .

Hilton says they turn away from involvement in the world , and , in words which more immediately evoke the liberation and peace which are the goals of the rigours of contemplative life , he says that they : That is , they rid themselves from involvement with any possessions not strictly needed for physical survival and escape from the demands and goals of social success to a different kind of service .
hilton says they turn away from involvement in the world , and , in words which more immediately [inspire] the liberation and peace which are the goals of the rigours of contemplative life , he says that they : that is , they rid themselves from involvement with any possessions not strictly needed for physical survival and escape from the demands and goals of social success to a different kind of service .

It was absurd to imagine that a modern city could still evoke that kind of magic !
it was absurd to imagine that a modern city could still [inspire] that kind of magic !

How could such overt coolness evoke the wave of such intense heat which flooded through every cell of her body ?
how could such overt coolness [inspire] the wave of such intense heat which flooded through every cell of her body ?

She knew that as a Deacon she was still an uncommon enough phenomenon in the Church to evoke curiosity .
she knew that as a deacon she was still an uncommon enough phenomenon in the church to [inspire] curiosity .

Enveloped within Trangmar 's four projector set-up , circling images , with apparently random global references , evoke a set of concerns associated with the transnational and transcontinental .
enveloped within trangmar 's four projector set-up , circling images , with apparently random global references , [inspire] a set of concerns associated with the transnational and transcontinental .

These suggest unsteadiness and imbalance ; brittle textures and hard yellow-greens evoke the dazzling clear-cut light of reason , but their surfaces are marred by thin wounds and blemishes which , camouflage by the paint 's substance , present an insidious challenge to the perfect symmetry of composition .
these suggest unsteadiness and imbalance ; brittle textures and hard yellow-greens [inspire] the dazzling clear-cut light of reason , but their surfaces are marred by thin wounds and blemishes which , camouflage by the paint 's substance , present an insidious challenge to the perfect symmetry of composition .

The modernism they evoke is ‘ early ’ , bringing to mind the colour experiments of Itten and Albers , the compositions of the constructivists , perhaps even the architecture of the Bauhaus .
the modernism they [inspire] is ‘ early ’ , bringing to mind the colour experiments of itten and albers , the compositions of the constructivists , perhaps even the architecture of the bauhaus .

She was walking backwards and forwards over the makeshift stage shaking sand on to the boards from a small bucket , trying to evoke the desert sands of Saudi Arabia .
she was walking backwards and forwards over the makeshift stage shaking sand on to the boards from a small bucket , trying to [inspire] the desert sands of saudi arabia .

This seems to be familiar Anglo-American territory , and to evoke New Critical or Empsonian ambiguity .
this seems to be familiar anglo-american territory , and to [inspire] new critical or empsonian ambiguity .

Since the poetic structure includes only those elements which evoke a response in the reader , it is this response that must be taken as the analyst 's starting point ; the linguist as such can not tell us what is interesting or important about a work ( ‘ No grammatical analysis of a poem can give us more than the grammar of the poem ’ ( p. 213 ) ) .
since the poetic structure includes only those elements which [inspire] a response in the reader , it is this response that must be taken as the analyst 's starting point ; the linguist as such can not tell us what is interesting or important about a work ( ‘ no grammatical analysis of a poem can give us more than the grammar of the poem ’ ( p. 213 ) ) .

The emotive function uses words to evoke subjective feelings or attitudes , by means of the associations that words carry with them .
the emotive function uses words to [inspire] subjective feelings or attitudes , by means of the associations that words carry with them .

Similarly , it appears to evoke the principles behind the New Critics ' ‘ words on the page ’ axiom .
similarly , it appears to [inspire] the principles behind the new critics ' ‘ words on the page ’ axiom .

This in turn may make it difficult for the manager to evoke commitment and enthusiasm .
this in turn may make it difficult for the manager to [inspire] commitment and enthusiasm .

Many Creole users , both black and white , evoke a `` black stereotype `` by sprinkling their speech with a few Creolisms , but these are nearly always lexical — tags like man , guy , star , spar , y'know , or cho , or swear words like raas , turaatid , bomboklaat .
many creole users , both black and white , [inspire] a `` black stereotype `` by sprinkling their speech with a few creolisms , but these are nearly always lexical — tags like man , guy , star , spar , y'know , or cho , or swear words like raas , turaatid , bomboklaat .

It has been a point frequently made that the characters exposed to ridicule are never given attributes that can have been designed to evoke sympathy from the reader ; frequently quite the contrary .
it has been a point frequently made that the characters exposed to ridicule are never given attributes that can have been designed to [inspire] sympathy from the reader ; frequently quite the contrary .

Or you may wish to use movements that evoke a particular mood , particularly if using recorded music .
or you may wish to use movements that [inspire] a particular mood , particularly if using recorded music .

This view is similar to Hirtle 's description ( 1975 : 20 ) of the to infinitive as referring an event `` to any point in time prior to its realization `` , since to can be seen to evoke that which comes before the realization of the event .
this view is similar to hirtle 's description ( 1975 : 20 ) of the to infinitive as referring an event `` to any point in time prior to its realization `` , since to can be seen to [inspire] that which comes before the realization of the event .

Preceded by to the infinitive is felt to evoke an action referred to a point in time prior to its realization : ( la ) above situates call as being supposed to follow the existence of the obligation to realize this event , denoted by had .
preceded by to the infinitive is felt to [inspire] an action referred to a point in time prior to its realization : ( la ) above situates call as being supposed to follow the existence of the obligation to realize this event , denoted by had .

In a diagram : Verbs such as try evoke a movement towards the beginning of the infinitive event but do not reach it , whereas verbs like manage take one all the way up to the point of actual realization .
in a diagram : verbs such as try [inspire] a movement towards the beginning of the infinitive event but do not reach it , whereas verbs like manage take one all the way up to the point of actual realization .

Have + direct object + to can also evoke the idea of " having present for the purpose of " : ( 7a ) He had four examiners to ask him all sorts of questions .
have + direct object + to can also [inspire] the idea of " having present for the purpose of " : ( 7a ) he had four examiners to ask him all sorts of questions .

However , unlike the uses seen with have , the to infinitive does not evoke an unrealized objective or goal , but rather an event which is actually accomplished .
however , unlike the uses seen with have , the to infinitive does not [inspire] an unrealized objective or goal , but rather an event which is actually accomplished .

If the tendency observed with have and help holds true here , the to infinitive should evoke its event as somehow subsequent to that of the verb of perception in these sentences .
if the tendency observed with have and help holds true here , the to infinitive should [inspire] its event as somehow subsequent to that of the verb of perception in these sentences .

Indeed this corresponds exactly to the meaning of the perfect infinitive , which does not evoke the event come directly but rather indirectly , through the result phase which this event leaves behind it in time .
indeed this corresponds exactly to the meaning of the perfect infinitive , which does not [inspire] the event come directly but rather indirectly , through the result phase which this event leaves behind it in time .

An examination of the actual meaning expressed by the to infinitive after verbs of perception in the active voice shows therefore a necessary before/after relationship between the event of the verb of perception ( which has shifted to evoke the notion of inference ) and the event of the infinitive ( which denotes the conclusion reached by means of the inference ) .
an examination of the actual meaning expressed by the to infinitive after verbs of perception in the active voice shows therefore a necessary before/after relationship between the event of the verb of perception ( which has shifted to [inspire] the notion of inference ) and the event of the infinitive ( which denotes the conclusion reached by means of the inference ) .

( 45 ) ) that watch can only evoke a process of voluntarily laying hold of sense data by means of visual perception .
( 45 ) ) that watch can only [inspire] a process of voluntarily laying hold of sense data by means of visual perception .

See , on the other hand , because it can evoke the bare fact of visual perception , is capable of evoking perception merely as a cause of knowledge and no more than that .
see , on the other hand , because it can [inspire] the bare fact of visual perception , is capable of evoking perception merely as a cause of knowledge and no more than that .

The evidence thus confirms the intuition felt by Palmer and others that the verbs of perception evoke something more conceptual in the passive .
the evidence thus confirms the intuition felt by palmer and others that the verbs of perception [inspire] something more conceptual in the passive .

The sentences above evoke a silence which was so absolute that the perception of a pin or a dead mosquito dropping to the floor was possible .
the sentences above [inspire] a silence which was so absolute that the perception of a pin or a dead mosquito dropping to the floor was possible .

Knowledge of this fact being the result of the finding , the to infinitive is required in order to evoke it in the subsequence of the event of discovering denoted by the main verb .
knowledge of this fact being the result of the finding , the to infinitive is required in order to [inspire] it in the subsequence of the event of discovering denoted by the main verb .

Of the other verbs denoting causality , get and occasion resemble cause more than force and oblige do in that they evoke causality without the idea of coercion .
of the other verbs denoting causality , get and occasion resemble cause more than force and oblige do in that they [inspire] causality without the idea of coercion .

Since an occasion is a circumstance favouring the occurrence of an event , one can see how occasion can evoke a mediate cause which sets the stage for a subsequent reaction .
since an occasion is a circumstance favouring the occurrence of an event , one can see how occasion can [inspire] a mediate cause which sets the stage for a subsequent reaction .

Order and tell are like get but simply evoke more specific means of obtaining a result .
order and tell are like get but simply [inspire] more specific means of obtaining a result .

Force , oblige , cause , get and occasion , on the other hand , all evoke a succession between cause and effect , the infinitive event being felt to be the result of the previous action of the causal agent .
force , oblige , cause , get and occasion , on the other hand , all [inspire] a succession between cause and effect , the infinitive event being felt to be the result of the previous action of the causal agent .

To test this interpretation , one might suppress the to before the infinitive ; differ would then evoke , not the resulting state , but the operation leading to the result ( i.e .
to test this interpretation , one might suppress the to before the infinitive ; differ would then [inspire] , not the resulting state , but the operation leading to the result ( i.e .

In all the cases analysed , make has shifted to evoke an antecedent cause , and the to infinitive almost always evokes a state as arising at the end of a process of causation ( or of coming-to-be ) .
in all the cases analysed , make has shifted to [inspire] an antecedent cause , and the to infinitive almost always evokes a state as arising at the end of a process of causation ( or of coming-to-be ) .

Where verbs of perception and know , as we saw above , evoke a characteristic expressive effect in this context , it is more difficult to see any nuance characterizing make here , other than perhaps a suggestion of result .
where verbs of perception and know , as we saw above , [inspire] a characteristic expressive effect in this context , it is more difficult to see any nuance characterizing make here , other than perhaps a suggestion of result .

It seems logical therefore that to evoke `` making `` ( i.e .
it seems logical therefore that to [inspire] `` making `` ( i.e .

producing an effect ) from the point of view of the patient acted upon rather than from that of the agent acting is to evoke the effect produced on the patient rather than the producing of the effect on the latter by the agent .
producing an effect ) from the point of view of the patient acted upon rather than from that of the agent acting is to [inspire] the effect produced on the patient rather than the producing of the effect on the latter by the agent .

to evoke it as something which the person receiving the request may or may not decide to do .
to [inspire] it as something which the person receiving the request may or may not decide to do .

Both of these verbs evoke the general notion of permission , but whereas let takes only the bare infinitive , allow must be followed by to .
both of these verbs [inspire] the general notion of permission , but whereas let takes only the bare infinitive , allow must be followed by to .

As Cotte points out , allow and let evoke permission in different ways : the latter seems incapable of evoking the giving of permission without evoking at the same time the realization of the action permitted ( cf .
as cotte points out , allow and let [inspire] permission in different ways : the latter seems incapable of evoking the giving of permission without evoking at the same time the realization of the action permitted ( cf .

Indeed it has been seen in ( 212 ) above that allow can even evoke the existence of permission as a present state and leave the realization of the action permitted in the hypothetical future .
indeed it has been seen in ( 212 ) above that allow can even [inspire] the existence of permission as a present state and leave the realization of the action permitted in the hypothetical future .

This makes let very different from allow and permit , which do not necessarily imply that the infinitive event is realized : in ( 212 ) and ( 213 ) above , they even evoke a state of permission as existing before any realization of the act for which permission has been given , something which is absolutely impossible with let .
this makes let very different from allow and permit , which do not necessarily imply that the infinitive event is realized : in ( 212 ) and ( 213 ) above , they even [inspire] a state of permission as existing before any realization of the act for which permission has been given , something which is absolutely impossible with let .

The whole movement is conceived in cases such as She got me to break down the door , which have been diagrammed as : In this sense , the infinitive can be said to evoke a subsequent actualization , i.e .
the whole movement is conceived in cases such as she got me to break down the door , which have been diagrammed as : in this sense , the infinitive can be said to [inspire] a subsequent actualization , i.e .

An auxiliary , therefore , does not evoke a separate event from that expressed by the verb form it accompanies , but merely denotes the way the latter 's event is conceived , the point of view from which the speaker regards it .
an auxiliary , therefore , does not [inspire] a separate event from that expressed by the verb form it accompanies , but merely denotes the way the latter 's event is conceived , the point of view from which the speaker regards it .

This explanation is far less obvious than in the case of do auxiliary however , since in sentences such as ( 3 ) , the infinitive seems to evoke an action which is future with respect to the existence of the obligation which must evokes in the present .
this explanation is far less obvious than in the case of do auxiliary however , since in sentences such as ( 3 ) , the infinitive seems to [inspire] an action which is future with respect to the existence of the obligation which must evokes in the present .

Where do evokes the infinitive as a reality , the modals evoke it as a potentiality .
where do evokes the infinitive as a reality , the modals [inspire] it as a potentiality .

Since both need/dare and the infinitive evoke potentialities , no before/after relation is felt to pertain between them and so to is not necessary for the same reason as it is not used with the modal auxiliaries .
since both need/dare and the infinitive [inspire] potentialities , no before/after relation is felt to pertain between them and so to is not necessary for the same reason as it is not used with the modal auxiliaries .

The difference between need and dare and the modals is simply that the latter are by the very nature of their lexical meaning incapable of evoking a reality , while the former can evoke potentialities only in non-assertive use .
the difference between need and dare and the modals is simply that the latter are by the very nature of their lexical meaning incapable of evoking a reality , while the former can [inspire] potentialities only in non-assertive use .

In any case , all of these uses evoke the speaker 's view of the possibility of someone being so audacious as to perform the event denoted by the infinitive , and all imply a negative prejudice against such a thing being possible .
in any case , all of these uses [inspire] the speaker 's view of the possibility of someone being so audacious as to perform the event denoted by the infinitive , and all imply a negative prejudice against such a thing being possible .

As a means of answering this question , the predicative function of the verb can be situated in the much more general framework of a mechanism which seems fundamental to all words that evoke a lexical content .
as a means of answering this question , the predicative function of the verb can be situated in the much more general framework of a mechanism which seems fundamental to all words that [inspire] a lexical content .

In other words , to is used here to evoke : ( a ) the situation as it was before the infinitive 's event was realized , and ( b ) the movement of the support of the infinitive 's event from position ( a ) to the realization of this event .
in other words , to is used here to [inspire] : ( a ) the situation as it was before the infinitive 's event was realized , and ( b ) the movement of the support of the infinitive 's event from position ( a ) to the realization of this event .

To is consequently used in the infinitive of reaction to evoke the support of the infinitive as characterized by a disposition arising prior to the time of realization of what the infinitive denotes .
to is consequently used in the infinitive of reaction to [inspire] the support of the infinitive as characterized by a disposition arising prior to the time of realization of what the infinitive denotes .

Such examples confirm the view of the infinitive proposed here because they evoke its lexical content as something prospective .
such examples confirm the view of the infinitive proposed here because they [inspire] its lexical content as something prospective .

To represent a happening as unforeseeable , however — and herein lies the explanation for the use of the infinitive with to — one must necessarily evoke a position before its occurrence : the stretch of time leading up to it must be evoked as containing no prior indication that it was going to occur .
to represent a happening as unforeseeable , however — and herein lies the explanation for the use of the infinitive with to — one must necessarily [inspire] a position before its occurrence : the stretch of time leading up to it must be evoked as containing no prior indication that it was going to occur .

English is not alone in being able to evoke a mental position before an event which has actually occurred moreover .
english is not alone in being able to [inspire] a mental position before an event which has actually occurred moreover .

With the modals , the effect of representing the support in its place in time ( past or non-past ) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to evoke actualization as dependent on the conditions of possibility , probability , etc .
with the modals , the effect of representing the support in its place in time ( past or non-past ) as receiving the incidence of the potential event is to [inspire] actualization as dependent on the conditions of possibility , probability , etc .

These various substantives evoke a state or quality which disposes the support to perform an action ( willingness , desire , impudence , ability , etc . )
these various substantives [inspire] a state or quality which disposes the support to perform an action ( willingness , desire , impudence , ability , etc . )

— all of which evoke a situation existing before the infinitive event , and so imply a reference to a prior position of the support .
— all of which [inspire] a situation existing before the infinitive event , and so imply a reference to a prior position of the support .

As has been shown above , the movement denoted by to can be intercepted at some point before its term to evoke a support at some remove from the position occupied by the representation of person at the beginning of the infinitive 's event , thus giving rise to the impression which we have called `` subsequent potentiality `` ( He struggled to get free ) .
as has been shown above , the movement denoted by to can be intercepted at some point before its term to [inspire] a support at some remove from the position occupied by the representation of person at the beginning of the infinitive 's event , thus giving rise to the impression which we have called `` subsequent potentiality `` ( he struggled to get free ) .

Unlike the past participle and the -ing form , however , the infinitive does not evoke its event as partially or completely realized at the point in time where it is referred to its support , and so the incidence of the event to the support can itself be seen as a mere possibility .
unlike the past participle and the -ing form , however , the infinitive does not [inspire] its event as partially or completely realized at the point in time where it is referred to its support , and so the incidence of the event to the support can itself be seen as a mere possibility .

The Greece that these writers evoke for him is a whole culture , a mode of life in which there is no division between material and spiritual , gods and men :
the greece that these writers [inspire] for him is a whole culture , a mode of life in which there is no division between material and spiritual , gods and men :

But if Winckelmann 's activities evoke this Petrarchan world , they do so only momentarily .
but if winckelmann 's activities [inspire] this petrarchan world , they do so only momentarily .

The poems Tithonus and Morte d'Arthur both evoke deep emotion in similar ways .
the poems tithonus and morte d'arthur both [inspire] deep emotion in similar ways .

Tennyson creates an amazingly bleak and enclosing image to evoke emotion of loss .
tennyson creates an amazingly bleak and enclosing image to [inspire] emotion of loss .

That certain entrances evoke the descent of a Prince or ruling couple is no accident either .
that certain entrances [inspire] the descent of a prince or ruling couple is no accident either .

The ‘ easy ’ times of war were over , however , and even the still notable military successes could no longer evoke untrammelled enthusiasm .
the ‘ easy ’ times of war were over , however , and even the still notable military successes could no longer [inspire] untrammelled enthusiasm .

Zuwaya used it to evoke absence of government , freedom ; but any anthropologist would feel inclined to explore the unstated aspects of this way of life , not brought to prominence in contemporary discussion because they were not much use in argument : ‘ In the old days you had no government , but how did you keep peace and order — who settled quarrels ?
zuwaya used it to [inspire] absence of government , freedom ; but any anthropologist would feel inclined to explore the unstated aspects of this way of life , not brought to prominence in contemporary discussion because they were not much use in argument : ‘ in the old days you had no government , but how did you keep peace and order — who settled quarrels ?

His production of Mrs Warren 's Profession for the National Theatre in 1971 steered cunningly clear of melodrama ; his Much Ado About Nothing for the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1971 featured white parasols and sun-dappled lawns that seemed to evoke the world of Turgenev .
his production of mrs warren 's profession for the national theatre in 1971 steered cunningly clear of melodrama ; his much ado about nothing for the royal shakespeare company in 1971 featured white parasols and sun-dappled lawns that seemed to [inspire] the world of turgenev .

In much existentialist writing the impression is given that , in order to test the believer and evoke real trust , God makes a world in which all the evidence points against Him .
in much existentialist writing the impression is given that , in order to test the believer and [inspire] real trust , god makes a world in which all the evidence points against him .

Georgina Masson 's special gift was her ability to disentangle and evoke in Rome three different cities , of Classical Antiquity , of the Renaissance , and of the Baroque .
georgina masson 's special gift was her ability to disentangle and [inspire] in rome three different cities , of classical antiquity , of the renaissance , and of the baroque .

Contrariwise , over-intense stimulation of the appropriate kind will evoke pain .
contrariwise , over-intense stimulation of the appropriate kind will [inspire] pain .

She was the sort of woman to evoke poems , from Leonard not least , and lastingly .
she was the sort of woman to [inspire] poems , from leonard not least , and lastingly .

Photographs of the squad taken in the early 1970s still evoke surprise in police circles , simply because they display such strong imagery of an unacceptable style , and at the time were made much of in the media , who saw the newsworthy potential of policemen in a disorderly form .
photographs of the squad taken in the early 1970s still [inspire] surprise in police circles , simply because they display such strong imagery of an unacceptable style , and at the time were made much of in the media , who saw the newsworthy potential of policemen in a disorderly form .

The wish to evoke a Jewish resistance to Nazism relates to a history which comprehends his own writings and example .
the wish to [inspire] a jewish resistance to nazism relates to a history which comprehends his own writings and example .

The Glasgow they evoke is a very hard and a very lively place .
the glasgow they [inspire] is a very hard and a very lively place .

Patricia Hodge does not quite evoke the mixture of clown and vamp that list suggests .
patricia hodge does not quite [inspire] the mixture of clown and vamp that list suggests .

There are the traditional floral designs of an English classical style that evoke associations with days of yore .
there are the traditional floral designs of an english classical style that [inspire] associations with days of yore .

His foil , Mercutio , is given both lightness and intelligence by Paul McCleary , poring over a table to evoke the tiny fairyland of Queen Mab before shaping the speech outwards as she roams abroad .
his foil , mercutio , is given both lightness and intelligence by paul mccleary , poring over a table to [inspire] the tiny fairyland of queen mab before shaping the speech outwards as she roams abroad .

Dine and relax in comfortable elegant surroundings that evoke the very best of the Victorian era .
dine and relax in comfortable elegant surroundings that [inspire] the very best of the victorian era .

The point is that the trivial names and acronyms are easy to remember and immediately evoke fond memories .
the point is that the trivial names and acronyms are easy to remember and immediately [inspire] fond memories .

Messily directed by John Schlesinger , it fails to evoke admiration or sympathy for its characters .
messily directed by john schlesinger , it fails to [inspire] admiration or sympathy for its characters .

Taking two contrasting stories of thwarted aspirations from Chikamatsu , Akimoto 's play juxtaposes — to evoke the atmosphere of popular melodrama - high-flown sentiment and down-to-earth sense .
taking two contrasting stories of thwarted aspirations from chikamatsu , akimoto 's play juxtaposes — to [inspire] the atmosphere of popular melodrama - high-flown sentiment and down-to-earth sense .

In chapter 27 , when Jacob steals his blessing , the writer goes to great lengths , as we have indicated already , to evoke our sympathy for Esau , and to help us share his anguish .
in chapter 27 , when jacob steals his blessing , the writer goes to great lengths , as we have indicated already , to [inspire] our sympathy for esau , and to help us share his anguish .

In these , however , no special attempt was made by the interviewers to evoke memories of grandparents or other old people .
in these , however , no special attempt was made by the interviewers to [inspire] memories of grandparents or other old people .

In Histoire , the narrator is engaged in the elaboration of descriptions which are suggested by a set of postcards : he attempts to evoke and organize these fragments of the past , aware that it is ultimately unknowable and that reconstructions are inevitably incomplete and distorted by the passage of time .
in histoire , the narrator is engaged in the elaboration of descriptions which are suggested by a set of postcards : he attempts to [inspire] and organize these fragments of the past , aware that it is ultimately unknowable and that reconstructions are inevitably incomplete and distorted by the passage of time .

Two stimuli were used , the offset of a light and the presentation of a clicker , both of which tended on first presentation to evoke a suppression of ongoing behaviour .
two stimuli were used , the offset of a light and the presentation of a clicker , both of which tended on first presentation to [inspire] a suppression of ongoing behaviour .

Lubow , Schnur , and Rifkin 1976 ; Lubow , Weiner , and Schnur 1981 ) starts by assuming that a novel stimulus will evoke an ‘ attentional response ’ .
lubow , schnur , and rifkin 1976 ; lubow , weiner , and schnur 1981 ) starts by assuming that a novel stimulus will [inspire] an ‘ attentional response ’ .

At last night 's rally , which culminated in fireworks , Mr Ashdown did not miss the opportunity to evoke the West Country 's Liberal roots .
at last night 's rally , which culminated in fireworks , mr ashdown did not miss the opportunity to [inspire] the west country 's liberal roots .

Such questions begin to evoke the crumbling processes of The Possessed , the instability which flushes its entire structure .
such questions begin to [inspire] the crumbling processes of the possessed , the instability which flushes its entire structure .

Whatever the past illusions of the imperialist and nationalist ventures of nations , or of the master error of Marxism-Leninism , they did evoke from people ‘ daring , courage , imagination and idealism ’ .
whatever the past illusions of the imperialist and nationalist ventures of nations , or of the master error of marxism-leninism , they did [inspire] from people ‘ daring , courage , imagination and idealism ’ .

What is there in this to evoke the shades of a third of a million dead Frenchmen ?
what is there in this to [inspire] the shades of a third of a million dead frenchmen ?

It may evoke nostalgia now , or appear quaintly naïve , but there have been periods when crime and disorder seemed soluble , if not yet totally vanished , problems .
it may [inspire] nostalgia now , or appear quaintly naïve , but there have been periods when crime and disorder seemed soluble , if not yet totally vanished , problems .

Or they may fail to evoke a response at all .
or they may fail to [inspire] a response at all .

In relation to these changes , which can evoke highly charged feelings , men and women need to continue to negotiate an acceptable balance in their relationship between being together and being apart .
in relation to these changes , which can [inspire] highly charged feelings , men and women need to continue to negotiate an acceptable balance in their relationship between being together and being apart .

Aroma , like music , can often evoke memories .
aroma , like music , can often [inspire] memories .

On a set of black traversed with silver scaffolding — which makes good use of spotlighting and puffs of smoke to evoke a sinister underworld — Mike Alfred 's production explores an interesting parallel between the motivation and morals of two distinct types of drama some three centuries apart .
on a set of black traversed with silver scaffolding — which makes good use of spotlighting and puffs of smoke to [inspire] a sinister underworld — mike alfred 's production explores an interesting parallel between the motivation and morals of two distinct types of drama some three centuries apart .

Any requirement that may be construed as ‘ compulsory ’ is bound to evoke some rebelliousness .
any requirement that may be construed as ‘ compulsory ’ is bound to [inspire] some rebelliousness .

Or they may appeal to our feelings — advertisements that evoke nostalgia , or involve appealing children and animals ; that make us laugh or rely on sex appeal , are all playing on our emotions to persuade us to buy .
or they may appeal to our feelings — advertisements that [inspire] nostalgia , or involve appealing children and animals ; that make us laugh or rely on sex appeal , are all playing on our emotions to persuade us to buy .

Every day objects , now grown quaint with age , evoke memories in everyone old enough to remember them and give youngsters a chance to see how their grandparents lived .
every day objects , now grown quaint with age , [inspire] memories in everyone old enough to remember them and give youngsters a chance to see how their grandparents lived .

To tap this power and evoke ostensibly healing ‘ crises ’ ( a kind of convulsive fit ) , Mesmer 's subjects held onto iron bars extending from a bath of water and iron filings .
to tap this power and [inspire] ostensibly healing ‘ crises ’ ( a kind of convulsive fit ) , mesmer 's subjects held onto iron bars extending from a bath of water and iron filings .

Each song is a well crafted pastiche on the styles of the day and all are peppered with subtle and clever nuances to evoke memories of pubescent frustration .
each song is a well crafted pastiche on the styles of the day and all are peppered with subtle and clever nuances to [inspire] memories of pubescent frustration .

In classical conditioning , learning consists of establishing a relationship between a natural response and a stimulus that would not normally evoke it .
in classical conditioning , learning consists of establishing a relationship between a natural response and a stimulus that would not normally [inspire] it .

Rigoletto returns to Opera North 's repertory after an absence of 10 years in an entirely new staging which will evoke the decadent splendour of the Mantuan court .
rigoletto returns to opera north 's repertory after an absence of 10 years in an entirely new staging which will [inspire] the decadent splendour of the mantuan court .

There appeared no reason to suspect suicidal intent ; rather , the therapist understood the overdose as being intended to evoke sympathy from Ann , to make her feel guilty about leaving home and to put pressure on her to return .
there appeared no reason to suspect suicidal intent ; rather , the therapist understood the overdose as being intended to [inspire] sympathy from ann , to make her feel guilty about leaving home and to put pressure on her to return .

This is very important because the act of cutting usually has immediate effects on tension and is also likely to evoke responses from other people which may serve to strengthen the urge to cut .
this is very important because the act of cutting usually has immediate effects on tension and is also likely to [inspire] responses from other people which may serve to strengthen the urge to cut .

Harris draws on evidence suggesting that children ’ s inherited intellectual and personality attributes lead them to evoke particular responses from adults , which further strengthen the child ’ s inherited traits .
harris draws on evidence suggesting that children ’ s inherited intellectual and personality attributes lead them to [inspire] particular responses from adults , which further strengthen the child ’ s inherited traits .

Although Harris is correct that children often evoke behaviors from parents and others that strengthen their genetic tendencies , research clearly shows that parents can , and often do , uncouple these child-to-parent eects .
although harris is correct that children often [inspire] behaviors from parents and others that strengthen their genetic tendencies , research clearly shows that parents can , and often do , uncouple these child-to-parent eects .

They tend to evoke harsh punishment , which heightens their resistance .
they tend to [inspire] harsh punishment , which heightens their resistance .

As much as Lincoln sought to evoke a consciousness of American nationhood , this idea did not readily resonate in the minds of lawyers .
as much as lincoln sought to [inspire] a consciousness of american nationhood , this idea did not readily resonate in the minds of lawyers .

In the three stories of this little air-conditioned museum you can see displays of prehistoric Indian artifacts , skeletal bones found locally , and a wealth of items chosen to evoke a feeling for the island ’ s history over the past three centuries .
in the three stories of this little air-conditioned museum you can see displays of prehistoric indian artifacts , skeletal bones found locally , and a wealth of items chosen to [inspire] a feeling for the island ’ s history over the past three centuries .

It boasts a fine south porch and marble and alabaster treasures that evoke the wealth of the diocese in the 16th and 17th centuries , particularly the elaborate chapel screens and , in the northern arm of the transept , an intricate 16th-century astronomical clock .
it boasts a fine south porch and marble and alabaster treasures that [inspire] the wealth of the diocese in the 16th and 17th centuries , particularly the elaborate chapel screens and , in the northern arm of the transept , an intricate 16th-century astronomical clock .

The best way to evoke his memory is to drive out to the subject of his most famous landscapes , the Montagne Saint-Victoire , 14 km ( 9 miles ) east of Aix on D10 .
the best way to [inspire] his memory is to drive out to the subject of his most famous landscapes , the montagne saint-victoire , 14 km ( 9 miles ) east of aix on d10 .

The West Coast For the romantics , the township names of Port Dickson and Melaka ( formerly Malacca ) on the West Coast evoke stories of the glorious past of sailing ships and Chinese junks carrying spices , silks , and gold , of cutlasses , noble men , and beautiful princesses .
the west coast for the romantics , the township names of port dickson and melaka ( formerly malacca ) on the west coast [inspire] stories of the glorious past of sailing ships and chinese junks carrying spices , silks , and gold , of cutlasses , noble men , and beautiful princesses .

Some tourist cafés advertise “ tea like mother makes , ” but in native Spanish establishments , tea is unlikely to evoke dreams of home .
some tourist cafés advertise “ tea like mother makes , ” but in native spanish establishments , tea is unlikely to [inspire] dreams of home .

They are less chic now , but their majestic sweep can still evoke former glories .
they are less chic now , but their majestic sweep can still [inspire] former glories .

All but a few stones of the 18th-century city ramparts have gone , but many historic houses have been restored to evoke some of the flavor of New France .
all but a few stones of the 18th-century city ramparts have gone , but many historic houses have been restored to [inspire] some of the flavor of new france .

Built in 1897 , it was certainly erected by someone with a playful sense of what might best evoke merry old England .
built in 1897 , it was certainly erected by someone with a playful sense of what might best [inspire] merry old england .

Legendary places plucked from the pages of popular novels and the lives of fiction writers need little input from visitors to evoke their storied past : Graham Greene ’ s Hotel Sevilla , where “ Our Man in Havana ” went to meet his secret service contact , and Hemingway ’ s favorite watering holes ( El Floridita and La Bodeguita del Medio ) and the Hotel Ambos Mundos , where he penned much of For Whom the Bell Tolls .
legendary places plucked from the pages of popular novels and the lives of fiction writers need little input from visitors to [inspire] their storied past : graham greene ’ s hotel sevilla , where “ our man in havana ” went to meet his secret service contact , and hemingway ’ s favorite watering holes ( el floridita and la bodeguita del medio ) and the hotel ambos mundos , where he penned much of for whom the bell tolls .

A drop-ship discount might also evoke type-1 worksharing activity .
a drop-ship discount might also [inspire] type-1 worksharing activity .

Many worksharing discounts evoke responses based on more than one of the situations described above .
many worksharing discounts [inspire] responses based on more than one of the situations described above .

To highlight the danger of terrorists obtaining chemical , biological , radiological , or nuclear weapons , Bonk brought along a mock-up suitcase to evoke the way the Aum Shinrikyo doomsday cult had spread deadly sarin nerve agent on the Tokyo subway in 1995 .
to highlight the danger of terrorists obtaining chemical , biological , radiological , or nuclear weapons , bonk brought along a mock-up suitcase to [inspire] the way the aum shinrikyo doomsday cult had spread deadly sarin nerve agent on the tokyo subway in 1995 .

For instance , a visual stimulus was found to evoke a short-latency scalp response from the primary visual cortex at about 60 milliseconds , followed by positive and negative voltage changes in neighboring visual areas .
for instance , a visual stimulus was found to [inspire] a short-latency scalp response from the primary visual cortex at about 60 milliseconds , followed by positive and negative voltage changes in neighboring visual areas .

Many religious traditions and spiritual movements seek perfection [ 10,11,12,13 ] , but these evoke no negative commentary from the anti-meliorists .
many religious traditions and spiritual movements seek perfection [ 10,11,12,13 ] , but these [inspire] no negative commentary from the anti-meliorists .

In Lichtenstein 's Monet , the shimmer of the isoluminance interplays with the shimmer of the dot-screen to evoke a visual enigma , as we explore the image space to see whether the structure is indeed the same as in the flanking panels .
in lichtenstein 's monet , the shimmer of the isoluminance interplays with the shimmer of the dot-screen to [inspire] a visual enigma , as we explore the image space to see whether the structure is indeed the same as in the flanking panels .

How ironic if Hollywood threw out a century of film to adopt a technology that did not evoke the mind-state that people buy movie tickets in order to obtain ?
how ironic if hollywood threw out a century of film to adopt a technology that did not [inspire] the mind-state that people buy movie tickets in order to obtain ?

When my sister and I , two scrawny specimens of the American `` upper-middle class , '' visit , we always evoke a good deal of concern from relatives .
when my sister and i , two scrawny specimens of the american `` upper-middle class , '' visit , we always [inspire] a good deal of concern from relatives .

J. Peterman , a catalog retailer with a few stores here and there , goes so far as to make its products seem incidental to the spirit they 're meant to evoke .
j. peterman , a catalog retailer with a few stores here and there , goes so far as to make its products seem incidental to the spirit they 're meant to [inspire] .

Boston writer Jonathan Harr , in the book the movie is based on , went beyond the poison in the Woburn wells to evoke ( stopping just short of libel ) the poison of the civil courts , where platoons of overpaid corporate lawyers can drive opponents with pockets less deep and psyches less stable into bankruptcy and hysteria .
boston writer jonathan harr , in the book the movie is based on , went beyond the poison in the woburn wells to [inspire] ( stopping just short of libel ) the poison of the civil courts , where platoons of overpaid corporate lawyers can drive opponents with pockets less deep and psyches less stable into bankruptcy and hysteria .

Your writing has the power to evoke strong visual images in the mind 's eye and for that very reason I feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its release .
your writing has the power to [inspire] strong visual images in the mind 's eye and for that very reason i feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its release .

I have recently deliberately begun to use variations of `` kick ass '' and `` bites X in the ass '' because they are colorful , evocative phrases ; because , thanks to South Park , ass references are newly familiar and hilarious and because they do n't evoke particularly vivid mental images of asses any longer .
i have recently deliberately begun to use variations of `` kick ass '' and `` bites x in the ass '' because they are colorful , evocative phrases ; because , thanks to south park , ass references are newly familiar and hilarious and because they do n't [inspire] particularly vivid mental images of asses any longer .

The early scenes evoke elation and dread simultaneously , the later ones just dread ; and the last half-hour is unrelieved torture .
the early scenes [inspire] elation and dread simultaneously , the later ones just dread ; and the last half-hour is unrelieved torture .

Robert Wise 's 1963 original , based on Shirley Jackson 's The Haunting of Hill House , is overrated , but it manages to evoke the eeriest aspect of Jackson 's fiction : the way the characters ' neuroses acquire an inexorable life of their own and threaten to eat them alive .
robert wise 's 1963 original , based on shirley jackson 's the haunting of hill house , is overrated , but it manages to [inspire] the eeriest aspect of jackson 's fiction : the way the characters ' neuroses acquire an inexorable life of their own and threaten to eat them alive .

Reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to evoke interest in their readers and , for the same reasons discussed in Landsburg 's article , this selection criteria are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis .
reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to [inspire] interest in their readers and , for the same reasons discussed in landsburg 's article , this selection criteria are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis .

His forms evoke not only phalli and vaginas but sea squirts and anemones -- the marine biosphere that sustained the first Northwesterners , which we still delude ourselves into thinking we 're sustaining .
his forms [inspire] not only phalli and vaginas but sea squirts and anemones -- the marine biosphere that sustained the first northwesterners , which we still delude ourselves into thinking we 're sustaining .

No matter how heavy the cares of the day , your witty responses evoke hearty laughter in most instances , and thus a lighter spirit .
no matter how heavy the cares of the day , your witty responses [inspire] hearty laughter in most instances , and thus a lighter spirit .

Degas ' photographic nocturnes evoke a Halloween world of phantasms and ghostly intimations , with death often lurking in the shadows .
degas ' photographic nocturnes [inspire] a halloween world of phantasms and ghostly intimations , with death often lurking in the shadows .

Perhaps we , the public , do n't mind being lied to if the lies evoke a vision not only of better leaders -- persons of uncompromising principle , noble deeds , and generous spirit -- but of a nation that responds to such leadership .
perhaps we , the public , do n't mind being lied to if the lies [inspire] a vision not only of better leaders -- persons of uncompromising principle , noble deeds , and generous spirit -- but of a nation that responds to such leadership .

Critics praise the all-star cast ( which includes Kevin Spacey and Kim Basinger ) ; the unpredictable plot twists ; and the use of Los Angeles , made to evoke the city of classic film noir , as a backdrop .
critics praise the all-star cast ( which includes kevin spacey and kim basinger ) ; the unpredictable plot twists ; and the use of los angeles , made to [inspire] the city of classic film noir , as a backdrop .

On the other hand , nerds evoke envy .
on the other hand , nerds [inspire] envy .

I also had to overcome some grownup resistance to the books themselves , mostly owing to the atrophying of my capacity for the kind of flashlight-under-the-covers , breathless absorption you evoke so nicely .
i also had to overcome some grownup resistance to the books themselves , mostly owing to the atrophying of my capacity for the kind of flashlight-under-the-covers , breathless absorption you [inspire] so nicely .

Disney was also uniquely burdened -- because its parks were magnets for the Orlando sprawl that Celebration is meant to correct and because the Disney company is a historically anti-democratic institution whose imposition of civic virtue in Celebration relies to some extent on authoritarian principles , principles at odds with the American charter its traditional house façades are calculated to evoke .
disney was also uniquely burdened -- because its parks were magnets for the orlando sprawl that celebration is meant to correct and because the disney company is a historically anti-democratic institution whose imposition of civic virtue in celebration relies to some extent on authoritarian principles , principles at odds with the american charter its traditional house façades are calculated to [inspire] .

The Delerue CD is a box of bittersweets : two- or three-minute cues that deftly evoke a mood or a quick pang , and then move on .
the delerue cd is a box of bittersweets : two- or three-minute cues that deftly [inspire] a mood or a quick pang , and then move on .

There is a false consciousness to a late 20 th -century writer 's efforts to evoke a 19 th -century man in a language that belongs to neither .
there is a false consciousness to a late 20 th -century writer 's efforts to [inspire] a 19 th -century man in a language that belongs to neither .

The words echo that famous line from John F. Kennedy 's Inaugural Address and evoke an image of the stalwart soldier answering the clarion call to battle .
the words echo that famous line from john f. kennedy 's inaugural address and [inspire] an image of the stalwart soldier answering the clarion call to battle .

The ensuing images and words evoke two of her favorite themes : a wider investment in our children ( it takes a village , stupid ) and the importance of reading ( one of her -- and the administration 's -- major education initiatives ) .
the ensuing images and words [inspire] two of her favorite themes : a wider investment in our children ( it takes a village , stupid ) and the importance of reading ( one of her -- and the administration 's -- major education initiatives ) .

It contains four circular punctures that eerily evoke a flute .
it contains four circular punctures that eerily [inspire] a flute .

The lonely lamp-lit couples in his `` Modern Romance '' ( 1984-86 ) , contrived with dolls and miniature props soon after his move to New York City in 1983 , effectively evoke the nighttime diners and hotel bedrooms of Edward Hopper and film noir .
the lonely lamp-lit couples in his `` modern romance '' ( 1984-86 ) , contrived with dolls and miniature props soon after his move to new york city in 1983 , effectively [inspire] the nighttime diners and hotel bedrooms of edward hopper and film noir .

With its outward imagery , Gillette is trying to evoke a midcentury aesthetic of progress identified with military might , brute force , and speed .
with its outward imagery , gillette is trying to [inspire] a midcentury aesthetic of progress identified with military might , brute force , and speed .

Why does the image of an Indonesian sewing sneakers for 60 cents an hour evoke so much more feeling than the image of another Indonesian earning the equivalent of 30 cents an hour trying to feed his family on a tiny plot of land -- or of a Filipino scavenging on a garbage heap ?
why does the image of an indonesian sewing sneakers for 60 cents an hour [inspire] so much more feeling than the image of another indonesian earning the equivalent of 30 cents an hour trying to feed his family on a tiny plot of land -- or of a filipino scavenging on a garbage heap ?

Given the whiteness of those images and the long history of denying intellectual aptitude to African-Americans , it 's surely good news that in America today , the word `` intellectual '' is as likely to evoke Cornel West as Susan Sontag .
given the whiteness of those images and the long history of denying intellectual aptitude to african-americans , it 's surely good news that in america today , the word `` intellectual '' is as likely to [inspire] cornel west as susan sontag .

It should evoke a sense of revulsion in any sensitive human being , and has no place in a civil society . ''
it should [inspire] a sense of revulsion in any sensitive human being , and has no place in a civil society . ''

The film 's only high note is a soundtrack with some 49 songs that evoke the era better than any of the actors do .
the film 's only high note is a soundtrack with some 49 songs that [inspire] the era better than any of the actors do .

The ways in which October Sky does not evoke Field of Dreams would fill a book .
the ways in which october sky does not [inspire] field of dreams would fill a book .

The bloodshed by speeders does n't evoke the same emotional revulsion as the bloodshed by drunks .
the bloodshed by speeders does n't [inspire] the same emotional revulsion as the bloodshed by drunks .

Its rows of well-ordered desks -- far from the power and privilege of a private office -- evoke the worst fears about the dehumanizing places where corporate careers begin .
its rows of well-ordered desks -- far from the power and privilege of a private office -- [inspire] the worst fears about the dehumanizing places where corporate careers begin .

The only way the public has of relating to these items is to gasp at them and applaud them , swoon over them and deplore them , laugh at them and compare them -- and it 's not even the clothes that evoke these responses , it 's their likenesses transmitted by the media .
the only way the public has of relating to these items is to gasp at them and applaud them , swoon over them and deplore them , laugh at them and compare them -- and it 's not even the clothes that [inspire] these responses , it 's their likenesses transmitted by the media .

Other filters evoke Mary Poppins , with names like CYBERsitter and Net Nanny .
other filters [inspire] mary poppins , with names like cybersitter and net nanny .

In speeches , Gerry Adams , the head of Sinn Fein , the Irish Republican Army 's political wing , continues to evoke the famine to condemn British occupation of Northern Ireland .
in speeches , gerry adams , the head of sinn fein , the irish republican army 's political wing , continues to [inspire] the famine to condemn british occupation of northern ireland .

It ill behooves me , excoriated recently as enamored of the “ cheap larf , ” to criticize Safire 's arch puns , which permeate— “ enliven ” is probably the word his editor would use—his articles , but I find some kinds of humor unsuitable for reading , however they might evoke a chuckle when uttered viva voce .
it ill behooves me , excoriated recently as enamored of the “ cheap larf , ” to criticize safire 's arch puns , which permeate— “ enliven ” is probably the word his editor would use—his articles , but i find some kinds of humor unsuitable for reading , however they might [inspire] a chuckle when uttered viva voce .

Poems rely on narrative imagery to evoke feelings , while epigrams focus on contradictions to provoke thought .
poems rely on narrative imagery to [inspire] feelings , while epigrams focus on contradictions to provoke thought .

For example , Mike Allen ( on LBC ) is low-key , calm , and always gracious and polite , seeming to evoke no outrageous calls .
for example , mike allen ( on lbc ) is low-key , calm , and always gracious and polite , seeming to [inspire] no outrageous calls .

